===== 2025 Q3  (2025-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Dave [ph] and good morning everybody and welcome to Broadridge's third quarter and fiscal year 2025 earnings call. The earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Ashima Ghei. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and the presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings and good morning. Broadridge delivered strong third quarter results and we are on track to deliver a strong fiscal 2025. To understand our confidence in the year, let me start with some observations on the current market. Clearly, there has been significant uncertainty and market volatility over the past several weeks. As a SaaS technology provider with primarily U.S. exposure, the direct impact on Broadridge has been modest to date. Market trading volumes have been unusually high. Given our strong scalability, our technology has performed well and higher volumes have been a modest near-term positive. Like us, our financial services clients are also benefiting from high trading volumes and are performing well. More broadly, this period of volatility highlights the strength and stability of our business. With 94% recurring fee revenues, 98% revenue retention rate and a $450 million revenue backlog, we have strong visibility into our growth over the next 12 to 18 months which in turn enables us to continue to invest in the solutions that will propel our future. While this period of uncertainty does have the potential to influence the timing of new investments by our clients, the breadth of our solutions means that we can help clients both reduce cost and drive innovation which means we can help them in any economic scenario. At the same time, the long-term trends that are shaping financial services, including the democratization of investing, acceleration of trading, digitization of communications and regulatory change are not slowing down. We're seeing those trends play out directly in our results, as I'll touch on in a moment. And Broadridge is one of the only players that has both the deep expertise and proven ability to drive the innovation at scale that's necessary to help our clients adapt to these trends. So while markets are likely to remain volatile and the economic outlook murky over the next few months, I'm confident that Broadridge is well positioned to deliver strong fiscal year 2025 results and we remain on track to deliver 3-year objectives and we are positioned to continue to deliver sustainable long-term growth for our shareholders. So with those thoughts, let's get to the headlines on Slide 3. First, Broadridge delivered strong third quarter results, including 8% recurring revenue growth and 9% adjusted EPS growth. Second, these strong results in the phase of growing market uncertainty highlight both the resilience of our business and the continued execution of our growth strategy to digitize and democratize investing, innovate and simplify trading and modernize wealth management. Third, Broadridge remains on track to deliver another year of steady and consistent top and bottom-line growth. We are reaffirming our guidance for 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth constant currency and expect to deliver adjusted EPS growth in the middle of our 8% to 12% growth guidance with strong free cash flow. Finally, our outlook for fiscal '25 keeps us on track to achieve the 3-year growth objectives we laid out at our December 2023 Investor Day. Our results demonstrate the power of our strategy and our proven ability to execute. So let's turn to Slide 4 to look at the key drivers of that execution, starting with our Governance business. Governance recurring revenues rose 6%, driven by new sales and continued growth in investor participation. Equity position growth strengthened to 15% in the quarter, the highest quarterly growth rate since the end of fiscal '22. Equity position growth began to pick up in October and continued to strengthen though the third quarter even as markets began to soften in February. The acceleration in position growth was driven by managed accounts, while self-directed account growth remained stable in the mid-single digits. An important trend I want to call out is the growth of smaller positions, likely driven by direct indexing. We've talked about this for a while but we are now really seeing it begin to scale. That's exciting because one of the promises of democratization is it is opening the door for an increasing number of investors to take advantage of the sophisticated strategies available to institutional investors, like model-based investing and direct indexing. This evolution is driving rapid growth in small account sizes. What also is exciting is it highlights how innovation is working for public companies and funds. Fractional positions which include managed accounts with less than five shares and fractional shares in self-directed accounts are free to public companies and funds, leveraging our technology to make democratization cost-effective for all stakeholders. These fractional positions do not translate immediately into revenue for Broadridge. But the good news is that we can expect many of these accounts to grow to larger position sizes over time, providing an additional foundation for Broadridge's long-term growth. Meanwhile, fund position growth remained healthy at 6%, driven by continued demand for passive funds. Across our ICS business, new product innovation continues to be the biggest driver of growth. Demand for our digital solutions and our customer communications business remained very strong and I was pleased to see another sale of our AI-enabled Global Demand Data and Analytics model to another large asset manager. It's the 13th win for that AI data product since it was launched last year, highlighting the unmatched quality and depth of our data. Let's turn next to Capital Markets which reported 10% recurring revenue growth. In Capital Markets, we're simplifying trading across the front and back office. A key part of that value proposition is our ability to seamlessly scale our post-trade capabilities in periods of market stress. That was certainly the case in the week following April 2, when our settlements platforms processed record fixed income trades and doubled our typical volume in equities. Our ability to offer seamless scalability and global interoperability continues to drive demand for our global post-trade solutions. We closed two notable post-trade sales in the third quarter, including one to a rapidly growing trading firm that builds on a long-term relationship that already includes both front and back office solutions in the U.S. and Europe. We're also delivering innovation at scale in other asset classes. Our Distributed Ledger Repo solution is now processing $100 billion in daily average trading volume as we onboard new clients. And in early April, we completed a successful integration with Fnality, a blockchain-based wholesale payments firm as the next step toward real-time settlement of intraday repo transactions. In Wealth and Investment Management, revenues grew 13%, driven by the acquisition of SIS. The integration of SIS is well underway and we're making strides in integrating our Canadian wealth platforms with our newer wealth modules. In the U.S., we continue to make progress on the rollout of our next-generation wealth platform. We now have a total of 34 clients live on one or more platform components and we continue to see strong sales momentum. During the quarter, we closed a major sale with a leading U.S. wealth manager to provide a suite of solutions linked by a common data layer, open APIs and a consistent user interface. The decision by this client to modernize key parts of this technology on the Broadridge platform is a great validation of our strategy to offer our clients transformation on your own terms. Speaking of sales, we ended March with year-to-date Closed sales of $174 million, including $71 million in Q3. Excluding sales of our Tailored Shareholder Reports solutions, Closed sales rose 9% for both the year-to-date period as well as the third quarter, tracking right in line with our full year guidance. As we enter our critical selling quarter in the fourth quarter, we continue to have a strong pipeline and are seeing significant interest in our digital solutions, capital markets platforms and wealth components. At this point, the vast majority of our Q4 pipeline is in late-stage business or legal negotiations. At the same time, as I noted in my opening, there's now significant uncertainty about the health of the economy and the impact of tariffs. And we are seeing the closing process taking longer in Q4 than it did in Q3. Reflecting that elongation, we're taking a more cautious view of our fourth quarter sales and are updating our guidance for Closed sales for fiscal '25 to $240 million to $300 million. Given our backlog of previously closed business to onboard, we do not expect this to impact our FY '26 results. And as I've said in the past, whether something closes in June or August is really immaterial to our future growth. I'll close my remarks with a few summary comments on Slide 5. First, Broadridge is executing on our growth strategy. We're driving the digitization and democratization of investing as we process double-digit growth in the number of shareholder positions. And our investments in digitization are helping to drive down the cost of serving these positions and are driving strong demand for our digital solutions. We're simplifying and innovating in trading to seamlessly process trillions of dollars in trades per day, while the Distributed Ledger Repo capabilities are making tokenization a reality in the repo market not tomorrow but today. And our next-generation wealth platform is gaining momentum in the market in both the U.S. and Canada. Second, that execution is driving strong financial results, including 8% recurring revenue growth and 9% adjusted EPS growth in the third quarter. More importantly, we are on track to deliver another year of steady and consistent recurring revenue growth and adjusted EPS growth with strong free cash flow in fiscal '25, even with the higher uncertainty. And that, in turn, keeps us on track to deliver our 3-year financial objectives for the fifth consecutive 3-year cycle. More broadly, periods of uncertainty have historically strengthened Broadridge's position in the marketplace. Our recurring revenue business model helps insulate us from market swings and gives us the visibility to fund ongoing growth investments. Our broad product portfolio gives us the ability to help our clients drive productivity or growth, depending on their requirements. And our capital-light model and investment-grade balance sheet gives us the capital flexibility to fund strategic M&A and return capital to shareholders. So finally, as a result, Broadridge is well positioned for long-term growth. The long-term trends reshaping the financial services industry are increasing, not slowing down which means our clients need a trusted and transformative partner like Broadridge to help them navigate those changes and grow their business. I'm confident that as time passes Broadridge will be stronger and better positioned than ever for long-term growth. Before I turn it over to Ashima, I want to thank the Broadridge team around the world. Their work, their focus on our clients is driving the growth of our company and the transformation of our industry. Thank you. And now I'll turn it over to Ashima. Ashima?
Ashima Ghei: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. It's great to be here with you today. I'll start with the headline which is that Broadridge delivered strong third quarter results, including 8% recurring revenue growth constant currency and 9% adjusted EPS growth. And just as importantly, we remain on track to deliver another year of steady and consistent growth in fiscal '25. Before I dive into my discussion of those results and our guidance, I want to make four callouts. First is revenue. Our third quarter recurring revenue includes the impact of two headwinds. The first is FX. And the second is the movement of a meaningful wealth management license renewal into the fourth quarter. Taken together, these two items represented a 160 basis points headwind into our reported third quarter recurring revenue growth. Second, we continue to take a disciplined approach towards managing our expense base. During the quarter, we made the difficult decision to reduce our distribution footprint by closing a print operation in our customer communications business resulting in a $5 million restructuring charge. My third callout is that as of last week, we have records for over 90% of proxy positions for the full year which, when combined with our recurring revenue backlog gives us a high degree of confidence in our full year recurring revenue and adjusted EPS guidance even in this uncertain environment. Finally, capital. We are on track to deliver on our free cash flow conversion target for the year, giving us significant flexibility to pursue our balanced capital allocation strategy. With that, let's go into the numbers on Slide 6. In the quarter, recurring revenues grew 8% on a constant currency basis, driven by 6% organic growth and 2 points from our acquisition of SIS. Adjusted operating income grew 10%, driven by strong organic recurring revenue growth. AOI margins rose 100 basis points to 22.4% and adjusted EPS increased 9% to $2.44. Finally, we delivered Closed sales of $71 million. Year-to-date sales were $174 million. Let's move to Slide 7. Third quarter recurring revenue grew 8% to $1.2 billion, in line with our full year guidance for 6% to 8% growth. Our growth was primarily driven by new sales balanced across ICS and GTO as well as internal growth from higher trade volumes and higher positions. Let's turn to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. ICS recurring revenues rose 6% to $740 million. Regulatory revenues grew 6%. 15% growth in equity positions was driven by a healthy 11% growth in equity revenue positions, with the balance coming from the strong growth in smaller non-revenue positions that Tim highlighted. Fund position growth was 6%. Overall revenue growth from strong position growth was offset by mix, including slower growth in international. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect mid-teens equity position growth, including low double-digit equity revenue position as well as mid-single-digit fund position growth. Together, this should drive high single-digit regulatory revenue growth. Data-driven fund solutions revenue increased 8%, driven by double-digit growth in our data and insight products. Issuer revenue growth of 2% was driven by strength in our shareholder engagement solutions, partly offset by a modest decline in disclosure solutions revenues. Customer communications revenue growth was 5%, led by double-digit growth in digital revenue, as we continue to execute our print to digital strategy. Overall, we continue to expect full year ICS recurring revenue growth to be in line with our 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth guidance range for the full company. Turning to GTO. Revenue grew 11% to $464 million. Capital Markets revenues grew 10%, driven by strong growth in both our global post-trade capabilities which benefited from higher trading volumes, as well as our BTCS front office solutions. Higher license revenue contributed 3 points to Capital Markets growth in the quarter. Wealth and Investment Management growth was 13%, driven by the acquisition of SIS which more than offset a 3% decline in organic revenue growth, driven by lower license revenues. Lower license revenue included a 5-point headwind to wealth management organic growth from the license renewal shift from Q3 to Q4 that I highlighted in my opening remarks. In Q4, we expect strong wealth management growth, driven by high single-digit organic growth, including that timing benefit from license revenue and continued contribution from SIS. For the full year, we continue to expect overall GTO recurring revenue growth to be in line with the 6% to 8% recurring revenue guidance. Now let's move to Slide 9 to review our key volume indicators. Broadridge continues to benefit from strong growth in investor participation across both equities and funds. Third quarter equity position growth was 15%. For the full year, we now expect mid-teens equity position growth. We are now in the peak period for annual meetings. As of last week, have received record data for over 90% of proxies expected for this fiscal year. These records, combined with our testing, give us a high degree of confidence in both our position growth and revenue outlook. Finally, based on recent trends, our forecast calls for low double-digit growth in equity revenue positions. Mutual fund and ETF position growth was 6% in the third quarter. We expect a similar level of growth in the fourth quarter. In GTO, trade volumes rose 14% on a blended basis, led by double-digit growth in both equity and fixed income trade volumes. Strong trade volume growth continued into April and we expect continued double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. I'll wrap up my discussion of recurring revenue growth on Slide 10. Revenue from Closed sales remains the biggest driver of our recurring revenue growth at 5 points as we onboard revenues from our $450 million year-end backlog. That growth was partially offset by 2 points of losses, resulting in a revenue retention rate of 98%. Internal growth contributed 2 points, primarily driven by fund and equity position growth and higher trading volumes. As a result, organic revenue growth was 6%. Acquisitions contributed 2 points, primarily driven by the revenue from SIS. Finally, changes in FX reduced our reported recurring revenue growth by 90 basis points, driven by the decline in the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. The 90 basis points third quarter headwind from FX marks the largest quarterly impact since fiscal '23. Given the recent weakening of the U.S. dollar, we see a much more subdued FX impact going -- outlook going forward and a headwind of only 20 basis points for the full year versus our constant currency guidance. Let's close the discussion of revenues on Slide 11. Total revenue increased 5% to $1.8 billion, driven by 5 points of growth from recurring revenues. Event-driven revenues declined $14 million to $53 million as we lapped two notable proxy contests in Q4 of last year. We expect fourth quarter activity to be in line with our $55 million to $60 million historic quarterly average. Low to no margin distribution revenues grew 4%, contributing 1 point to total revenue growth, as the approximately $32 million impact of postage rate increases more than offset lower mail volumes. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was 22.4%, an increase of 100 basis points, driven by the operating leverage from higher recurring revenue. This was impacted by a 10 basis point headwind from changes in float income and distribution revenues. During the quarter, we recognized $11 million of non-GAAP acquisition, integration and restructuring charges. $5 million of this was related to the closing of the print operation I noted earlier, with most of the remaining related to the integration of our SIS acquisition. As I noted in my opening remarks, we are committed to maintaining our expense discipline, while continuing to deliver strong returns to our shareholders and funding reinvestment in our business. That's enabled by the operating leverage in our scale business which provides the flexibility to manage our expense base across market cycles. For the year, we remain on track to generate 50 basis points plus of underlying core margin expansion. Let's move on to sales. Closed sales were $71 million, $8 million lower than Q3 '24. Year-to-date sales are $174 million compared to $185 million last year. Fiscal '24 Closed sales benefited from strong sales of our Tailored Shareholder Reports solutions which fund companies were required to implement last July. Excluding TSR sales, Closed sales rose 9% for both the quarter and the year-to-date period. Turning to our cash flows. Q3 free cash flow was $337 million, an increase of $170 million from Q3 '24, driven by higher earnings and modestly lower capital investment. Year-to-date free cash flow was $393 million versus $259 million for the first 9 months of fiscal '24. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 95% to 105% in fiscal '25. Turning next to capital allocation on Slide 15. Year-to-date, we have deployed $78 million in capital spending and software and returned approximately $300 million to shareholders via our dividend. Platform investments were $9 million as we continue to work with clients to manage our onboarding spend. We've also deployed $193 million for targeted M&A investments, primarily to purchase SIS. As I noted earlier, our strong balance sheet and capital-light business model give us significant flexibility to continue to fund growth investments, pursue value-accretive strategic M&A and repurchase shares. Let's conclude by reviewing our full year guidance on Page 16, followed by closing key messages. With 2 months left and high visibility into fiscal '25 position growth, we continue to expect recurring revenue growth constant currency of 6% to 8% for the full year, with only a modest headwind from changes in FX rates. We expect our recurring revenue growth to be balanced across both our ICS and GTO segments. We also continue to expect fiscal '25 AOI margin of approximately 20% and adjusted EPS growth in the middle of our 8% to 12% range. We now expect Closed sales of between $240 million to $300 million. And I will also note that we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 95% to 105% of adjusted earnings. To bring all of this together and highlight what it means for our financial objectives, I'll share some concluding thoughts. First, Broadridge reported strong third quarter results. Second, we remain very much on track to deliver strong fiscal year results, including 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth and adjusted EPS growth in the middle of our 8% to 12% guidance range. Third and probably most relevant for the environment that we are in, I want to emphasize the resilience of our business model. Broadridge has a long history of delivering consistent, sustainable recurring revenue growth. The combination of recurring revenue growth and the operating leverage in our scale business allows us to drive margin expansion and earnings growth while funding growth investments. We've done this across multiple 3-year cycles and we are on track to do it again. With that, let's take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Dan Perlin: I wanted to just maybe touch on the demand environment a little bit more closely. It sounds like there's this kind of like the economy where you've got you've got client demand that's there and now maybe you're starting to get a sense that there's a little bit of a pause in willingness to make these investments. Tim, I know you called that out a little bit in your prepared remarks. So maybe you could just dive a little bit deeper into those conversations and what maybe some of the nuances are?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And I think this is the one that we ourselves have been sort of really looking at and talking about amongst ourselves. First of all, just we're really pleased with our performance year-to-date. Excluding the Tailored Shareholder Reports sales, as I said earlier, we grew 9% in Q3 and year-to-date and that puts us sort of right in the middle of our full year sales guidance as of the end of Q3. We're just trying to interpret what we're seeing over the past few weeks but I think it's somewhat the same as what others are seeing which is there is a fair bit of uncertainty out there. And so we think that is -- we only have a few data points here because it's literally only been a couple of weeks since April 2 but we think we're seeing an elongation in our closing process. I had a conversation last week with the CEO of the investment bank of one of our major global clients. And I just asked them, what are they thinking? What's their conversation around their executive table? And they said, look, they're continuing to move full speed ahead on anything that reduces cost or simplifies operations. But that they are taking more of a wait-and-see approach on investments and new revenue opportunities. Now I think the good news is the vast majority of our work falls in that bucket of cost and simplification. And we don't know how long this period of elongation will last. But as you know, a large proportion of our sales fall in Q4. So even a couple of weeks could make a material difference in what our Q4 is. We're not seeing any clients walking away from deals or not losing any mandates. If you look at our pipeline, the vast majority of it is deep in negotiations. So -- and I said before, if something happens in June or it happens in July or it happens in August, it doesn't really make that much difference in terms of our long-term growth. And that our revenues for next year are really broadly locked already based on the backlog that we have. So this isn't a '26 revenue issue. It isn't a long-term growth issue. It's certainly not a demand issue. The pipeline is very strong. Origination activity continues to be very strong. It's just we want to just be cautious here about this elongation that we're seeing. Last thing is just I really like the areas where we're seeing momentum in the pipeline. It's the areas that we've been investing and it's the areas that will help our clients in an uncertain environment. Omnichannel communications which is with the wealth and focus that we've talked about which is helping people move to digital, saving their money. Data analytics which is helping them target their sales force. Front and back office simplification which is bringing lower cost, better operations, modernization to our clients, Distributed Ledger Repo, direct cost savings. Everything we're doing on the wealth side, similarly. So I really like the areas and again, we feel great about the demand. We're just being cautious on what's going to happen over the next few weeks.
Dan Perlin: Just a quick follow-up, if you wouldn't mind. On the equity position growth and the callout between kind of smaller positions not really driving revenues but over time that is expected to build versus kind of revenue producing. Again, can you just maybe tease out a little bit the nuance there and how that is again going to impact the business maybe going forward? It seems like that position growth could stay elevated but the revenue piece of that. So I'm just trying to make sure that we understand maybe the spread differential between revenue producing versus not?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thank you. And that's again one. We've talked quite a bit in the past about model-based investing and direct indexing and how we thought that would be something that would help us sustain over a long period sort of the high single-digit growth that we've always talked about for positions. And -- but we haven't really seen it in the data. And the reason we called it out this quarter is because we really are beginning to see it. And so what we've seen is the same very robust growth in the revenue positions, double digit which is, very pleased to see that. But then on top of that, we saw quite rapid growth in these smaller positions. And we're still teasing all of that out. It's interesting to think about is building up pretty soon we'll be talking about a position backlog because they're building up a set of small positions that are becoming material now that as those begin to scale, they could begin to bleed into revenue positions. I'm not going to sit here and say, I think that is yet something I'm going to talk about is a major source of future growth. But I do think it's supportive of the long-term trends of the upper single digits that we've always talked about. And then we're in a more robust period right now. And so we really like it and we wanted to call it out and also call out the way it just shows the system is working both for investors and for the other stakeholders.
Operator: And the next question comes from Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research.
Scott Wurtzel: I just wanted to go with one on the sales to start. Just wondering when you're seeing these elongations potentially in the sales cycle, is that happening in specific product lines or geographies?
Tim Gokey: Scott, thank you. Not as far as we can tell right now. We're still parsing through the data. And again, we have literally 3 weeks of data points and it's sort of almost day by day in terms of things. But there's not anything that I can point to and say, wow, it's falling off the table over here. It's really something that we're just -- we're continuing to monitor. I will be somewhat embarrassed but happy if we come back here in June and say, oops, it was all nothing and everything closed the way we expected it to. But it's just something that we're watching and being cautious about.
Scott Wurtzel: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up on the margin side of things. I mean, the margin expansion you drove during the quarter was pretty strong, still holding your guidance for the year. So just wondering, as we think about the fourth quarter, are there incremental planned investments maybe or anything with the revenue mix that we should be thinking about?
Ashima Ghei: Yes. Scott, great question. I'll remind you, we're a full year company, right? We plan our business, we look at our business from a full year perspective. And within that context, we look at driving margin expansion, funding incremental investments, all with the aim of delivering what I already shared. We're looking to deliver earnings at the midpoint of our 8% to 12% earnings guidance. So in that context, I'll think about margins almost as a means to an end. We are absolutely investing in our business and we do expect high levels of investment spend in Q4 which could translate into some margin impact. But we're really focused on the full year and delivering at the midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance.
Tim Gokey: Yes. And I'll just add to that. We're an organic growth company. We invest to drive that organic growth as we've delivered consistently over the past 10 years. And when I look at the areas whether it's omnichannel communications, data analytics, front to back office simplification, the wealth side, we have a whole set of things that we think are really exciting for our clients that we're investing in. And when we have the opportunity, we take that.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Infante with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Infante: I just wanted to circle back on Dan's earlier question just in terms of the differential between equity position growth and revenue growth. Is there a way to quantify what revenue growth maybe would have been if the size of positions was more in line with historical trends. Just wanted to clarify just because the comp in 3Q in regulatory was quite a bit easier than what you faced in 2Q of last year.
Tim Gokey: Yes, I think the -- and I'll let Ashima add on to this but I think it's -- I'm thinking about it is less about the sort of the proportion and it's more about, we saw really the growth in revenue positions that we expected and then we had this add-on of other positions. But Ashima, why don't you add on to that?
Ashima Ghei: Absolutely. So let me try to break this down for you, Michael. So if you think about the drivers of growth, specifically in our regulatory business and in our revenue growth, like I said in my remarks before, equity position growth was 15%. Having said that, equity revenue position growth was 11%, right? That is the part that contributed to the revenue growth. And additionally, we saw 6% growth in fund positions. I'll just reiterate what Tim already said, this higher participation in the smaller positions is a positive for us in the long term when the accounts grow in size but they don't help our current revenue. So 11% is the number you should have in mind. Moreover, when you think about our regulatory revenues, only 75% to 80% are directly impacted by equity and fund position growth, with the balance being in other regulatory communications and our international proxy business. And these other businesses were a little slower than the position growth in the quarter. So hopefully, that gives you context in bridging our regulatory position growth. I will also add that if you look at last year, I know there was a little bit of timing Q3 versus Q4. There's nothing material that I have to call out this quarter in terms of seasonality across quarters.
Michael Infante: Okay. Very helpful. Maybe just on some of the license activity. I know there are obviously some comp dynamics. Tim, I think in the past, you've mentioned there could be an opportunity to sort of smooth some of the quarterly revenue volatility from license renewals by switching to more of a subscription model. I know it's still -- license is still only a low single-digit percentage of your overall recurring revenue. But where are you just in that journey from transitioning for a license to subscription?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Typically, where this happens is areas where we've made acquisitions and where those acquired companies were less mature than we are and we're operating more on a license model. That's typically often companies earlier in their growth phase operate with that business model. And when we do that, we begin to try to work clients over to a SaaS model. And -- but that takes time. And in this quarter, particularly on the wealth side, there was a significant transaction that will close in the fourth quarter, we had expected to close in the third, that caused a change this quarter and we'll see the benefit of that next quarter. So I think, we're well advanced but we're -- there continues to be a tail of these things that and every time it comes up for renegotiation, we have that conversation.
Ashima Ghei: Yes. And you already said this, Michael but I'll just reiterate. You're right. For the full year, license revenue is like less than 5% of the GTO revenues, right? So completely agree with your sentiment there. It doesn't really have a material impact on our revenue growth for the full year. It creates quarterly noise, as you're well aware.
Operator: And the next question comes from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain: Tim, totally agree that timing of bookings doesn't impact medium term growth rates but can you also recap what the new administration policies and priorities such as deregulation, potentially few disclosure requirements could mean for Broadridge?
Tim Gokey: Yes, absolutely. And I think sort of broadly about the evolving regulatory environment and what that means for Broadridge. I think there when you think about the big issues that the administration is pursuing around tariffs and trade and cultural issues, those really don't affect us and really that much our financial services clients. I think that the biggest thing right now, Paul Atkins has now been formally installed at the SEC. The SEC is the area that is really the area that affects us the most and it's in good hands. And we think that we can make a positive contribution in the policy areas that touch us, including in digital assets, in shareholder engagement, in digital delivery. And so we're actually very positive on where that's going to go. If we think about digital assets, obviously, there's a lot that the administration is doing. Also the SEC is doing. They've had many roundtables asking for industry feedback. We think the opportunity there is, as we've talked about, that when there's good disclosure, it really is good for innovation, helps investors have the confidence. And so there is some debate inside the digital asset industry about how much disclosure to have but we've provided views on that. And not surprised to hear that we have a product that could help solve that we are talking to people about is live with a couple of the exchanges. And so we think that's an opportunity for us. Another area is around shareholder engagement, proxy reform. We're continuing to see growing interest in our pass-through voting solution as the passive managers are looking to extend voting preference choice to their end investors. We're also creating a data-driven voting solution that would allow people to have an alternative view to the proxy advisory firms. Now we're not a proxy adviser and won't be but we can provide the data and technology behind that. And another issue that I think could come up over the next few years is around digitization, where we've made huge investments to really improve the investor experience. and help make it more cost-effective for our industry and we're partnering with the industry on moving that forward. So I think across all those areas, the common theme is, yes, there's regulatory change. There's a big agenda out there and the pipeline to get it all done is not that big but we can help the industry move forward with technology. And so we always think about private market solutions with technology to help achieve the objectives that really focus on both sides of the aisle have around making investments better for all investors and all stakeholders.
Puneet Jain: Got it. No, that's very helpful. And then like the work that's being delayed like the Closed sales like that are being delayed, are these typically long implementation cycle type of deals? Or are these like the quick short-term deals which could have generated revenue in fiscal '26 as well? I'm just trying to think about the waterfall impact, like if things remain weak in bookings for more than a quarter, like the waterfall impact on revenue?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think, Puneet, we're not seeing any particular area be impacted. So it's hard to say across all of our sales, probably the in-year conversion is, call it, 1/3. I think actually, the shorter-term sales tend to be simpler and are less affected by uncertainty. So I don't have the data to tell you. But my hypothesis would be that it's actually the more complex, longer conversion sales that are more impacted. But I don't -- I'm not looking at a sheet of paper telling me that. I'm just intuiting that.
Ashima Ghei: Yes. Puneet, let me just add, right, let's put it in perspective. If you look at the midpoint of our prior guidance versus the midpoint of our guidance now, we're talking about $40 million of sales, right? Even if all of that would impact revenue, that's way less a -- that's less than 1% of our recurring revenue. Two, a fraction of that, given what Tim just said, most of our conversion cycles range between 12 to 24 months. The impact for near term in terms of the revenue waterfall that you were expecting would be very fractional, right, less than quarter of what the full year impact. So -- and we're talking about a delay here, not reduction. So I really wouldn't expect much of an impact over the longer term either.
Operator: And the next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Starting out with your wealth platform sale that you mentioned, can you give a little bit more color on what's within that suite of solutions that you sold to that client?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick. The core piece is, I'll call it the wealth operating model that is the data layer that allows the client to connect different things that they are building with things that we're building with third-party solutions, I'll call it the wealth operating system. And then there are components on top of that, several components on top of that. And in fact, there are future opportunities for additional components later on. So I think it's -- we're excited about them pursuing this. It is -- interestingly, I think if I were on the other side of the call, I might be concerned about, oh, it's just a large deal that is going to have a significant onboarding cost. And I can tell you with confidence that that's not the case. This is technology that's already built. There's a little bit of conversion is some upfront charging. So it's not really something I think you're going to see any sort of big impact on. And then just beyond this sale that I did call out, I just -- I didn't say it before but I would be remiss if I didn't mention. So we have these 34 components that are currently live. We have 40 others that are in the process of being onboarded with other clients. So that's one of the things that makes us feel really good about. It's not just this one sale, it's pretty broad in terms of the demand that we're seeing.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. That's very helpful. And then I apologize if I missed this earlier but did you provide any color on kind of current position account growth trends what your early testing for next fiscal year looks like in light of recent market weakness?
Ashima Ghei: Yes. So I'll just give more color here. Looking into Q4, we are expecting low double-digit equity revenue positions. Remember, revenue positions and mid-double-digit equity position growth. And we're expecting continued mid-single-digit fund position growth. We feel good about the full year given that we already have records for 90% of the positions. And frankly, I haven't seen any real impact as -- during the month of April in spite of the volatility. Talking about FY '26, we're seeing strong trends for '26 as well. We didn't share any specific numbers yet.
Tim Gokey: And Patrick, just we do get data sort of each week that adds incrementally on to what we know. And so each week in the month of April, we're seeing incremental impact on this and we haven't seen any falloff or any material change.
Operator: And the next question comes from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson.
Peter Heckmann: Tim, I didn't hear you mention it but do you have any early thoughts on some of the public-private kind of retail investment vehicles that are being discussed that would basically create a hybrid product. I'm not sure exactly how they would be created. But do you see that as an opportunity? And would there be any unique accounting needs?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Peter, it's a great question. It is -- certainly, as we talk to our fund clients and as we talk to ICI, one of the things that the fund industry is very focused on is giving -- and administration is focused on is giving access to investors to more retail investors to private assets. And one of the ways to do that is by lowering what it is to be a qualified investor and things like that. But another route that's very promising is increasing the amount of private assets that are available inside 40 Act and ETFs. And that is something that we think will be positive for us. That's sort of the part of the industry that we're focused on. And we frankly think it's a good thing for investors because when you -- I have invested in some of these private assets myself personally and it is really complicated and the paperwork back and forth. And then I feel it's me and I feel like I'm pretty sophisticated but going up against someone who's really sophisticated. And so the giving access to investors to these assets by doing it with professional management representing you is a better way to invest. And we think that will be -- as that evolves that can be a real opportunity, as Larry Fink talked about in his letter, opportunity for people to and retirement folks to participate in private assets but to do it in a sort of safe and very professionalized way. And that will be a benefit to the 40 Act and ETF part of the industry.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, any thoughts on kind of the M&A pipeline, whether there's, you view this as a relatively attractive or unattractive market to go hunting for tuck-in deals?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think it is -- the M&A market is pretty uncertain. I think we were going to begin the year thinking there'd be a lot of things out there and that is just less clear right now in terms of scale and we certainly have seen people put processes off. That said, there are opportunities. I think as you and I have talked about in the past, a pretty significant portion of our deals have been proprietary deals where it's sort of a unique situation which is one of the ways we've gotten really good value. And so there are opportunities like that. If you see us do something, it's really the principles we have, whether it's this environment or a different environment, are really the same which is we're an investment-grade company. We do our internal investment. We pay a good dividend. And then we do look for M&A opportunities. But if we don't find them, we're very happy to do share buybacks. So if you see us execute, it will be because there's something compelling. And if you don't see us execute, you'll see us doing share buybacks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Well, I'd like to just thank everyone for joining today. We reported what we believe are really strong results for the third quarter. We are seeing really good demand for our products while we're showing some caution today, when we look at the underlying trends, whether it's position growth, whether it's trades, whether it's our backlog, we feel really good about the future and we feel really good about the demand that we're seeing from our clients in the areas that we're investing where we think we can make a real difference. So with that, thank you very much and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-01-31 02:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge’s second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our Chief Financial Officer, Ashima Ghei. Before I turn the call over to Tim, I do want to make a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today’s call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we’ll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. I’d like to start this morning by congratulating our new Chief Financial Officer. As you know, Ashima was named our permanent CFO last month after serving as our interim CFO since the summer. She had a very positive impact since joining Broadridge three years ago and I’m looking forward to partnering with her even more closely as we continue to grow and transform our company and our industry. Before I go to my review of our results, I want to share some thoughts on the market backdrop. Financial markets remain strong even as we continue to see heightened global uncertainty. Our clients, especially in the United States, are benefiting from a combination of a healthy economy, strong markets, increased trading and growing optimism about a recovery in capital markets activity and M&A. That is driving an uptick in physician growth and other activity is positive for Broadridge, keeping us on track to deliver another year of strong top and bottom line growth while funding important investments for the future. With that, let’s go to the headlines. First, Broadridge delivered strong second quarter results. Recurring revenues rose 9% driven by organic growth of 7% and the impact of our SIS acquisition and we set a new quarterly record for event driven revenues. Adjusted EPS grew 70% to $1.56. Second, that growth is being driven by long term trends and by the execution of our strategy as we continue to democratize and digitize investing, simplify and innovate capital markets and modernize wealth management. Third, we are now entering the seasonally more significant second half of our fiscal year, well positioned to deliver another strong set of full year results. And finally, our outlook for a strong fiscal 2025 keeps us on pace to deliver on the three year financial objectives we laid out at our Investor Day in December of 2023. It was a strong quarter, so let’s move to review of what drove those results on Slide 4. I’ll start with our Governance business where we’re driving democratization and digitization by delivering innovation and by helping our clients adapt to change. ICS recurring revenues rose 9% constant currency driven by strong revenue from sales and continued growth in investor participation with strong growth across all our four product lines. Investor participation continues to be an important growth driver for our Governance business. Equity position growth strengthened to 11% in the second quarter, the highest quarterly growth rate since the end of fiscal 2022. Equity position growth, which had been trending around 7% since the summer, began to pick up in October and we now expect low double digit growth in the seasonally more meaningful second half of the year, as Ashima will share in a few minutes. Managed accounts continue to be the biggest driver of equity position growth. Notably, physicians in self-directed accounts also grew in mid single digits, an acceleration from fiscal 2024, when growth was essentially flat. That increased level of engagement from Main Street investors was a key driver of the acceleration in overall equity position growth. Fund position growth remained stable at 5% in the second quarter, driven by balanced growth across both fixed income and equity funds. While fund position growth has picked up from the 3% rate we saw in fiscal 2024, it remains at the lower end of its historic mid to high single digit range. Across our Governance business, our revenue growth is grounded in our focus on delivering innovative solutions to our clients. Two quarters in our tailored shareholder reporting solution continues to perform very well. And as we prepare for the upcoming proxy season, more than 400 funds will be using our pass-through voting solutions to give their shareholders a greater voice on governance and other issues, up from 100 funds at the end of fiscal 2024. We are adding new governance clients in Europe and our data and analytics business is benefiting from strong demand for our AI-enabled global demand modeling. And Customer Communications, our Wealth InFocus solution is powering digital growth. Beyond our recurring revenues, we saw a new quarterly record for event-driven revenues, driven in significant part by our work facilitating board elections at a leading global mutual fund complex. Working closely with our fund client, we seamlessly processed more than 100 million beneficial positions in over 400 funds held at more than 1,000 brokers. Thanks to the investments we have made, 90% of these communications were fully digital, which means that our efforts to enable digital alternatives save that fund complex and its shareholders tens of millions of dollars in print and mail expenses. Boards of Directors elections like these highlight the critical role we play behind the scenes in ensuring that funds can communicate with their investors and get the approvals they need on key governance matters securely and on demand. Let’s turn to capital markets, which reported 6% recurring revenue growth. In capital markets, we are simplifying and innovating trading across the front and back office. In the front office, we continue to roll out new solutions for speed trading and reduce the costs of trade execution with a new AI-enabled trading solution that uses real-time liquidity mapping to help our clients optimize trade execution for algorithmic trading strategies. We also introduced new trading capabilities that simplify and improve trading for structured products. In the back-office, our post-trade platforms continue to support strong trading volumes across both equity and fixed income markets. We also introduced new GenAI enhancements for operations GPT post-trade platform. And with three new clients added in Q2, our cutting edge Distributed Ledger Repo product is enabling a growing number of institutions to more easily adapt to the new treasury clearing requirements. In Wealth and Investment Management, revenues grew 12% largely driven by the acquisition of SIS. As we discussed last quarter, the SIS acquisition extends our Canadian wealth business by adding new clients and creating a greater opportunity for us to upsell our broader set of solutions. We saw an early indication of our strategy bearing fruit as a leading Canadian bank and current back office client selected our Advisor Marketing Solutions to address their goal of making it easier for investors to connect with their advisors. More broadly, our Broadridge wealth management platform continues to be recognized for its leading edge capabilities, winning awards in the quarter from both Chartus and the Everest Group. That recognition is helping to drive a record pipeline for our Wealth business. Speaking of pipeline, I’ll turn to closed sales. We ended December with year-to-date closed sales of $103 million, essentially flat with fiscal 2024. After a strong start to fiscal 2025, our sales were modestly lower in the second quarter with a handful of larger deals slipping into the third quarter. Some of those deals have already closed and we expect to close the remainder over the coming weeks. Our pipeline remains healthy and we are on track to achieve our outlook for closed sales of $290 million to $330 million for the full year. I’ll close my remarks with a few summary comments on Slide 5. First, Broadridge delivered strong second quarter results. Second, those strong results are being driven by the execution of our long-term strategy. We’re driving the democratization of investing by helping tens of millions of mutual fund investors get the information they need to weigh in on governance, while our investments in digitization are helping to drive down the cost of serving those investors. We’re delivering innovation to our capital markets clients that will simplify their trading infrastructure and reduce trading costs. And we’re extending our Wealth business in Canada and the U.S. to bring increased innovation to the wealth market. Third, as a result, we are well-positioned to achieve another year of strong recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth in fiscal 2025. That outlook also keeps us on track to deliver again on our three-year financial objectives, while continuing to invest for the future. Finally, Broadridge is well-positioned for long-term growth. In this era of technology transformation, the gap between digital leaders and laggards in financial services is set to grow even wider. Firms who have traded in their fragmented, legacy systems in exchange for cohesive, platform-based strategies will continue to set themselves apart. Our position at the center of financial services and our investments in our business, have positioned Broadridge to be the trusted and transformative partner of choice for our clients if they make that transition. That is driving a strong pipeline that includes a significant number of large opportunities across each of our businesses and that’s a great place to be. Before I turn it over to Ashima, I want to thank my 15,000 fellow Broadridge associates around the world. Earlier this week, Broadridge was named as one of the world’s most admired companies for the 11th year. It’s a tremendous testament to the work and client focus of everyone here at Broadridge. Thank you. And now turn it over to Ashima. Ashima?
Ashima Ghei: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. It’s great to be here with you today. I’ll begin my discussion this morning with five key callouts. First, Broadridge delivered strong second quarter results, including 9% recurring revenue growth, and 70% adjusted EPS. Second, our key revenue growth drivers remain strong. Revenue from sales continues to be the biggest driver of our growth as we tap into our $450 million year-end backlog. In addition, our equity position growth testing is now showing low double-digit growth, which supports our outlook for internal growth. Third, we reported record event-driven revenues modestly ahead of our expectations and surpassing our prior quarterly record from fiscal 2018. Fourth, our strong performance continues to support our ongoing growth investments in product innovation, AI and in our tech capabilities. Fifth and last, we are on track to deliver strong fiscal 2025 results, and we are reaffirming our guidance on all metrics. We also expect to generate free cash flow conversion of 95% to 105%, giving us ample cash flow to repurchase shares or pursue incremental M&A. With that, let’s go to the numbers on Slide 6. Recurring revenues rose 9% on a constant currency basis, driven by 7% organic growth and 2 points from our acquisition of FIS. Adjusted operating income increased 51% driven by strong organic recurring revenue growth and record event-driven revenues. AOI margins rose 420 basis points to 16.6% and adjusted EPS increased 70% to $1.56. As strong recurring revenue growth and higher event-driven revenues more than offset the impact of investments. Finally, we delivered close sales of $46 million, year-to-date sales were $103 million compared to $106 million last year. Let’s move to Slide 7. Recurring revenue grew 9% to $980 million. Our growth was driven by a strong contribution from new sales, highlighting the importance of innovation. Internal growth from higher positions and increased trading volumes also contributed to recurring revenue growth. Let’s turn to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. ICS recurring revenues rose 9% to $540 million. Regulatory revenues rose 8%, reflecting low double-digit equity position growth and mid single-digit fund position growth. Data-driven fund solutions revenue increased 8%, driven by growth in our data and analytics products. M&A contributed 0.5 point to fund solutions growth. Issuer revenue grew 18%, led by growth in our Disclosure Solutions and a short-term bump in our transfer agency revenues. Customer Communications revenue rose 10%, led by double-digit growth in digital revenues driven by new client onboarding and a higher mix of value-added print jobs. Looking ahead to the second half, we expect total ICS recurring revenue growth to be in line with our 6% to 8% full year recurring revenue growth outlook. By product, we expect high single-digit growth in regulatory revenue driven by equity and fund position growth and mid single-digit growth across the balance of our ICS businesses, including customer communications. Turning to GTO. Revenues rose 8% to $440 million. Capital Markets revenue grew 6%, all organic, driven by the growth of our global post-trade capabilities, which benefited from higher fixed income and equity trading volumes as well as our BTCS front office solutions. Lower license revenues were a 3-point headwind to capital markets growth. Wealth and Investment Management revenues rose 12%, driven by a combination of 2% organic growth and the addition of two months of revenues from the SIS acquisition. Excluding the impact of E-Trade deconversion, organic growth was 6%. As a reminder, this was the last quarter in which we have any drover impact from E-Trade. Looking ahead, we expect GTO revenue growth to be in the low double-digits for the second half of the year, driven by high teens growth in Wealth Management and mid to high single-digit growth in capital markets. Now let’s move to Slide 9 to review our key volume indicators. Broadridge continues to benefit from the secular growth in investor participation across both equities and funds. Equity position growth was 11%, driven by managed accounts and modestly ahead of our testing at the end of the first quarter. Relative to first quarter equity position growth of 3%, we benefited from both an improved mix of companies hosting Annual Meeting and from an overall uptick in position growth. Looking ahead to the more meaningful second half of the year, when we process more than 80% of equity proxy positions, our forward testing is now showing low-double digit growth. The outlook reflects the underlying growth we typically see throughout the year and the additional increase that began in October, as Tim noted. Mutual fund and ETF position growth was more muted at 5%, and our current testing is indicating continued mid-single digit fund position growth. On the bottom of the slide, trade volumes rose 13% on a blended basis, led by strong growth in both fixed income and equity volume. I’ll wrap up my discussion of recurring revenue growth on Slide 10. Revenue from closed sales remains the biggest driver of our recurring revenue growth at 7 points as we onboard revenues from our $450 million year-end backlog. That growth was partially offset by 3 points of losses, including the deconversion of E-Trade. Internal growth contributed 3 points, primarily driven by fund and equity position growth and higher trading volumes, which more than offset lower 30e-3 regulatory fee revenue. As a result, organic revenue growth was 7%. Acquisitions contributed 2 points, primarily driven by 2 months of revenue from SIS, which closed at the beginning of November. Finally, changes in FX had an immaterial impact on our growth in the second quarter. With the recent strengthening of the dollar, we now expect changes in FX to be a 50 basis points headwind to recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth for the balance of the fiscal year. Let’s close our discussion of revenues on Slide 11. Total revenue increased 13% to $1.6 billion, driven by 6 points of growth from recurring revenue. Event-driven revenues rose $69 million to $125 million and contributed 5 points to total revenue growth. This was a quarterly record for event-driven revenues, surpassing the prior high of $97 million set in fiscal 2018. It’s an important reminder that while event-driven revenues tend to be variable on a quarterly or annual basis, their long-term growth is tied to position growth, which has grown to mid to high-single digit rates over time. Looking ahead, we expect event-driven revenues to be more in line with the $55 million to $60 million quarterly average over the balance of the year. I will remind you that last quarter, we benefited from the Disney proxy contest in the third quarter, which presents a headwind to growth in the third quarter this year. Low to no margin distribution revenues grew 7%, contributing 2 points to total revenue growth. Higher postage rates represented approximately 90% of the growth. We now expect distribution revenue to grow in the mid-single digit range for fiscal 2025, driven primarily by higher postage rates. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was 16.6%, an increase of 420 basis points from Q2 2024 as our operating leverage from higher recurring and event-driven revenues more than offset the impact of ongoing growth reinvestment and higher distribution revenues. The net impact of changes in float income and distribution revenues had virtually no impact on AOI margins in the quarter. For the year, we remain on track to generate 50 basis points plus of underlying core margin expansion. Let’s move on to sales. Closed sales were $46 million, $12 million lower than the Q2 2024 sales as higher sales of our GTO products were offset by lower governance sales. Year-to-date, sales are $103 million. Turning to our cash flows. I’ll start with a reminder that Broadridge’s cash flow generation is typically lower in the first half of the year and strengthens over the second half. Q2 2025 free cash flow was $214 million, an increase of $46 million from Q2 2024 driven by higher earnings. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $56 million versus $91 million for the first six months of fiscal 2024. The first half change was driven by an increase in cash taxes and severance payments in the first quarter as well as changes in working capital, which benefited – which offset the benefit of higher income. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 95% to 105% in fiscal 2025. Turning next to capital allocation on Slide 15. Year-to-date, we have deployed $55 million in capital spending and software and returned just under $200 million to shareholders via our dividend. Platform investments, which in the past have represented a significant source of investment, absorbed only $4 million, in part because of our focus on getting clients to share most of the upfront cost of onboarding. We also invested $193 million in M&A, primarily the acquisition of SIS on November 1 for US$485 million. We remain committed to balanced capital allocation as part of our long-term growth strategy. After taking into account, our strong and growing dividend, Broadridge is well positioned to return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases or fund additional tuck-in M&A. Let’s conclude by reviewing our outlook for fiscal 2025 on Page 16 followed by closing key messages. We are reaffirming our guidance on all key metrics including 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth constant currency, 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth and closed sales of $290 million to $330 million. With respect to the third quarter, a couple of modeling callouts, we expect Q3 EPS growth to be in the mid to high single digit range. In addition, changes in license revenue will have an impact on the composition of GTO revenues, contributing to low double digit growth in capital markets and low single digit organic growth in wealth management. Turning now to my closing messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q2 financial results including 9% recurring revenue growth. The demand and secular trends driving our growth remain strong. For the balance of the year, our testing is showing low double digit equity position growth and mid single digit fund position growth. Third, the combination of higher equity position growth and strong second quarter event driven revenues positions us to deliver on our full year guidance while funding our ongoing investments in new products and technology. Fourth and last, we are on track to deliver strong fiscal year 2025 results and are reaffirming our guidance with strong cash flow that has Broadridge well positioned to repurchase shares or fund additional tuck-in M&A. With that, let’s take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Maybe just starting off on the guidance here where you ended, obviously the tone and the year-to-date performance really, really strong, but then no real change in the outlook. And I know you mentioned FX at the end there being a headwind. So excluding that, do you feel like underlying results are running better than you expected or is there anything else that you would call out?
Ashima Ghei: Thanks, Alex. Great question. So I’ll start with, like you said, we’re very pleased with our results halfway through the year. Biggest driver of our revenue growth continues to be revenue from new sales. It’s coming in essentially in line with our expectations. And like you said, we’re tracking right in line with our guidance for both 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth and 8% to 12% earnings growth. As we think about where we are, clearly, there are some puts and takes that keep us right in that range. So let me break them out. On the positive side, like you heard, we’re seeing strong equity position growth. The market momentum since October has led to our outlook improving to low double digits now and we have seen strong event driven revenues in the first half of the year. On the other hand, we do expect event to be lower in the second half of the year given that we saw some activity come in earlier than expected. Fund position growth remains at the low end of historic trends and the dollar strengthening is modestly impacting our non-U.S. earnings. Most importantly, though, we continue to use some of the event upside that we saw in the first half of the year to invest in our business. So overall, we’re tracking right around the midpoint of our target range and the first half growth gives us confidence in that guidance range.
Tim Gokey: And Alex, it’s Tim. I just want to reinforce that last part, which is we just continue to see really strong future opportunities across our business and multiple areas where we think we’re going to get a really good return on investment. So that’s our focus right now.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then maybe just shifting gears quickly. Sales pretty much in line with last year, and the year-over-year decline in the second quarter I think you explained some slippage, obviously a lot of things going on in the last quarter. But just wondering, post-election a lot of enthusiasm around the financial services industry. So just wondering if you see a pickup in conversations, if you’re feeling more optimistic around end markets? Anything you would note as, again, like the financial service industry seems to be more bullish these days.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Alex, I’ll take that. It’s Tim. And I would point out that in the first half, excluding the tailored shareholder report sales from last year, we grew sales 8%. So we feel good about the first half. And as I said, we did see some deals slip. Too early to say why, don’t see a common denominator, expect those to close. And that’s why we’re reaffirming the $290 million to $330 million. When you think about the increased optimism in the market and how that’s influencing us, I’d say it’s just too early to tell. Our sales cycles tend to be pretty long. And so even if there is increased optimism, increased conversations, it probably wouldn’t have that much impact on this year. But what I do really like and want to call attention to is that when we look at our pipeline, which is at a record, the momentum that we have is in the areas where we’ve been investing. Omni-channel communications with Wealth InFocus, data analytics and fund solution, front and back office simplification, digital ledger repo, and capital markets and on the wealth side, advisor solutions, private debt and back office modernization. So we’re seeing really good conversations in all those areas. As always, there’s a lot to do between now and year end, but we feel good.
Alex Kramm: Sounds reasonable. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Wurtzel: Hey, good morning guys. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on a point you made in the answer to Alex there. Just in terms of investing, and with the event driven upside, can you maybe highlight some of the areas that you are deploying those incremental investment dollars into? Thanks.
Tim Gokey: Yes. It is – thanks for that because it is something we think a lot about. And just as background, Scott, as you know, we’re an organic growth company. We’re always thinking about what’s next and how do we get in front of that and put that in place for our clients, our associates, our shareholders. And so reinvesting for that organic growth is what has helped us deliver consistently over the past 10 years and beyond. And I just highlight some of the areas, they’re the same ones that where we’re seeing the sales momentum. A lot of focus on digital and omni-channel communications with our Wealth InFocus product which we demoed at our Investor Day in December 2023. Lots of good conversations on that. Continuing to invest in data and analytics and as part of that AI, lots of stuff in AI across our portfolio, front and back office simplification and digital ledger repo and capital markets, and then continuing on the wealth side now with what we’re doing in Canada with the SIS platform. A lot of opportunity to bring that platform to life across the Canadian market and to bring the modular solutions that we have been successful with in the U.S. bringing those to Canada that takes investment as well. So it’s an exciting time. And then I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention resiliency cyber, the activity around DORA in Europe, helping clients with solutions for that, helping clients with a solution around data immutability. A lot of uptake for that and a lot of belief in our clients and the importance of that, so it’s all part of that our view of being our client’s trusted and transformative partner.
Ashima Ghei: Yes. And I’ll just add, right, while many of these are ongoing investments, we have the ability to flex them up and down as we see things like event activity and that’s what’s baked into our guidance as we think about the year.
Scott Wurtzel: Got it, got it. That’s helpful. And then just as a follow up on the wealth side, I mean, it seems like with the SIS acquisition things are trending well post-close. Wondering if you can maybe share if you’ve had any incremental learnings now that you’ve had the asset under control for a few months and just broadly how you’re viewing that opportunity? Thanks.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Scott, we are very pleased. When you think about it from the dimensions of clients, associates and the underlying technology, all of those are really tracking nicely. Obviously, we had lots of client discussions before we took on the acquisition. And then it’s always different once you have the asset and you’re talking to the clients. But those conversations about our plans for how we’ll support them have continued to be very warm. It’s been very gratifying to onboard the SIS associates to see their knowledge and passion for what they’re doing, but also their excitement about now working with Broadridge associates who have passion around those same topics because they were a bit isolated before as part of Kyndryl. And then the plans that we’ve talked about on technology to bring the open APIs and integration layer and ability to bring the different modules that we have into the clients that are served by the SIS back office, and that’s going well. So we’re happy. It really fits into the broader strategy of modernizing wealth management with that modular suite of solutions around adviser productivity, including client experience and digitizing operations. And so we think that’s going to really play out well in Canada. And we’re feeling very good about it.
Scott Wurtzel: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to ask a couple of questions. First, on monetization AI-related product improvements. Previously, you talked about the fact that over time, you thought you might be able to charge incrementally for AI-related product improvements. How are you thinking about that among the key factors or what the key factors are that would drive that transition as well when we can expect some contribution there?
Tim Gokey: Yes, James. And we talked about being an AI leader in our space. That doesn’t mean that we’re going to be inventing the next generation of Gen AI models, although with all the recent news, maybe makes you think about that. But it’s really about how do we apply that in sort of the arcane areas that we’re in. And we are at the center of a unique network. And over time, we think the power of the large data set that we steward is a potential differentiator for us. But getting more directly to your question around monetization. We think about AI really across four areas. There is – we believe in the future that AI will be part of every product. So there’s really work around bringing AI to our current products and platforms. And I’m not sure if there’s a specific monetization opportunity there that’s really just – it is – I think it’s going to be a client expectation, and it’s going to be part of making sure that we’re on the cutting edge with all those platforms in the future. The second part, though, is launching new AI products where there’s new functionality that is enabled by AI. And we’ve seen that with BondGPT, with OpsGPT with our global demand model with industry insights. So we have live products out there. And you also get real learnings from those because when people are beginning to pay incremental money for it, they ask a lot of questions, and you learn a lot about what does it really mean to have this be ready. So we’re – we’re excited to have real clients signed up for those and have those in production and being used. And there is revenue attached to that. It is not materially enough at this point to be really showing up in our aggregate sales numbers is something that is a material driver. But over time, we would expect it to be more important. The third piece is productivity. And we have 50-plus AI projects going on across Broadridge, about half of those on the revenue side, half are on the productivity side. We are seeing some nice pickups in coding. We’re seeing some nice pickups in when you think about bringing all the events together globally for some of the things that we do and how we source that. But again, too small to be really notably impinging on our margins or other sort of broad cost metrics. It’s still pretty early days. So I wouldn’t – I’m not seeing really a measurable impact probably on this call is not about FY 2026, but when we thinking about FY 2026, I wouldn’t look for a measurable impact in 2026 but I’d look for us to do a lot of things that could begin to help after that. And I’d be very remiss I didn’t talk about the governance that we have around all of this. Very important thing for our client. Everyone wants to know where their data is that it’s being used in the right way. And so that’s also a key focus for us.
James Faucette: Great, appreciate that. And then on the wealth segment, just wondering if you can give us an update on where you are for your targets to add incremental module sales within wealth and how that’s tracking?
Tim Gokey: Yes, James, we talked about wanting to have, relative to the sort of baseline of a couple of years ago, an incremental $20 million to $30 million of wealth sales. And when we look at our pipeline right now, it is quite a bit up since six months ago and a nice increase since 12 months ago. So we feel, we’re on track for that $20 million to $30 million this year. It’s across lots of different things, a couple chunkier things inside there, but it’s across a lot of different areas, both in the U.S. and Canada.
James Faucette: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to clarify a couple of things on – I think you called out in GTO that there were lower license sales revenues, and that was a three-point headwind in the quarter. But then I think actually you called out in the third quarter guidance that there’s going to be some changes in license sales that’s going to impact capital markets like I thought you said low double digits. So would you mind just maybe helping me reconcile kind of the flip flop [ph] there?
Ashima Ghei: Absolutely. Yes. Just for context, Dan, license revenues on a full year basis are not as impactful for us there about 5% of GTO’s total recurring revenue. But you’re right, they do cause some quarterly noise, and that’s what I was aiming to clarify in my notes. The – for this quarter specifically, we did see a three-point drag due to license revenue growth, specifically in capital markets. And we do expect it to have an impact on the third quarter. Because of the noise, we will see strong growth in the third quarter in Capital Markets, we’re expecting low double-digit growth, and we will see low single-digit organic growth on the Wealth Management side, just specifically for the third quarter. But again, across the year, it all evens out. It’s not a material driver, just some quarterly noise.
Dan Perlin: Yes. No, I just wanted to clarify that because historically, I don’t feel like it has maybe that much of a swing on the specific [indiscernible] yes, yes, okay. That’s great. And then, Tim, I just had a question for you. Again, you talked a lot about the market backdrop and the strength. What I’m wondering specifically though is as we think about maybe two things, one, kind of a potentially more robust M&A backdrop. How does that flow into the business, all else equal, if these deals start to flow in over the next six to nine months, you see a bunch of the stuff happening. Can you just remind us how that impacts your business and where it would show up kind of in the P&L? And then the other piece is just on the regulatory horizon, are there any things that we need to be mindful of that could be changes with this new administration that could potentially impact your business, both good or bad as a whole? Thank you.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Dan, just first of all, on how increased capital markets activity, where it specifically flows into Broadridge. M&A really doesn’t affect things that much, if there’s a public company that goes away, I guess that could reduce positions a little bit, but so much of this is private companies, as you know. IPOs is a nice sort of incremental positive that creates more positions. We do have a – it’s not a large business, but in serving corporate issuers, we do help them with the prospectuses and sort of things around the specific disclosure. The other place is really on the event-driven side where sometimes with M&A if it needs to come to a shareholder vote, then we’d see activity there. And that can be a pickup. But it doesn’t tend to be a hugely material piece. On the regulatory side, I think it is – obviously, there’s a lot going on with the new administration. I think all of us are looking at that and trying to understand the full impact. There is sort of the positive market sentiment we just talked about, which for the reasons we just discussed is a positive. When we look at the administration’s biggest priorities around taxes, tariffs, immigration, cultural issues, and those things are broadly neutral to our business. And they know they have a window to get things done. So they’re very, very focused on those core issues. When you look at the things that are in our space, they’re not really the primary issues for the administration. However, it’s going to be a broadly deregulatory environment. It will be a new environment. So I think we should anticipate change. Some of the topic areas that we’re certainly tracking digital assets, they are definitely – probably will be action on digital assets that’s an opportunity to make crypto more accessible to Main Street investors and that could create an opportunity for disclosure over time. So we’re certainly tracking that, likely probably action around reform with proxy advisory firms, we saw that in the previous Trump Administration. Certainly, we’re making, making clear to everyone that we’re not a proxy advisory firm, but also that sort of leads to opportunities around shareholder engagement, around a lot of inquiries around our shareholder voting platform and pass through voting. So those things could be some nice things, and the last one is just continued progress on digitization, which as, you know we’ve invested in. So obviously a lot going on, we’ll know a lot more in coming quarters as the new SEC Commissioner is approved. We do think that Paul Atkins is a strong choice to lead the SEC. He’s been a Commissioner before, very knowledgeable, very trusted by markets. And then I’ll just remind you that historically we’ve worked with both sides of the aisle, really providing technical assistance and that when there’s change, our clients need to adapt to it and we help them with that.
Dan Perlin: That’s great. Thank you both very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: Hey, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but just a few little more house-keeping items. So event driven proxy revenue for the year, is that tracking towards the low $300 million range? Is that right? And then any reason why it wouldn’t kind of revert back to a more normalized range in fiscal 2026?
Ashima Ghei: Yes. I think your math is right. Add up to 55 to 60 a quarter over the next couple of quarters, that’s kind of where we are. The thing with event driven is its choppy, right? It’s hard to predict exactly what it’s going to be in any quarter or in any year. We typically have more visibility about event within the next three to four months. But beyond that, I would expect 2026 event to be in line with our average for the – long-term averages.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just in terms of the postage increase, I’m just trying to get a better feel of how that affects margins. When do you lap that postage rate increase? And are there others that are already planned that would drive distribution higher? I guess, ex-postage increase, would you expect distribution to kind of grow in the 3% to 5% range a year?
Ashima Ghei: Yes. So this time for the quarter, like we shared most of the distribution increase was driven by postage rate changes. The postage rate change came into effect in July. So we have been seeing it for a few months now. It’s hard to predict exactly what the postage rate changes would be. There was some discussion about something else may be coming through. It’s hard for me to plan for. What I will say is, yes, if you exclude the impact of postage rate changes, we’re looking at low-single-digit growth in distribution as we continue to see more and more digitization both on the regulatory side and on our customer communication side. We’re seeing more digital growth than print.
Tim Gokey: And Peter, we’ve been – I think we’ve been sort of thinking about for probably a decade as to when will distribution growth ex-postage turn negative. And I think the print to digital strategy of helping clients think about their future communications platform and what they want to do with that. So as they lose volume, the opportunity to take that over, rationalize it, bring it to a new cloud based platform that can do the remaining print as it runs off, but provide a much better digital experience than they’ve had before. That combination is one of the things driving our digital business. So you’ve heard us talk a lot about wealth and focus, but the other sort of big theme is working with clients sort of to help them with that transition. And that does end up feeding more print volume into our platform at the initial stages of that. And so despite what we thought would happen, the distribution piece has continued to remain positive.
Ashima Ghei: Yes. And I’ll just close off because you mentioned margins, right? The expected impact of distribution is baked into our margin guidance, both as we think about the 20% margins on average as well as if we exclude the impact of it when we talk about the core margin expansion of 50 basis points plus.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. All right. Thank you both.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to quickly follow-up on the earlier question about the new administration’s priorities. Like have you seen any change in your client behavior from potential deregulations, specifically in your GTO segment? And if you can remind us, like how reduced level of regulations? How has that impacted client behavior and your GTO bookings?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Puneet. It’s Tim, thank you for that question. I think it’s too early to tell. I think our clients themselves are sorting things out. I think they are happy, first happy with maybe some things that won’t happen that were scheduled to happen. Obviously, I think, that clients have been very concerned about upcoming capital rules, like the next phase of Basel III and other things that would significantly increase the amount of capital that they would have to carry and therefore be, real detriment to trading activity. So, I think stopping or slowing down some of that is sort of Phase 1. I think as you look at a more deregulatory environment, I think the other piece is the environment has been so punishing for public companies over the past decade that there’s been such a move to private assets. And I think some of the deregulatory motion here could help that balance out a little bit between the advantage of being public versus being private. So I think there are lots of threads, I think they’re all things that will take a while to unfold.
Puneet Jain: Understood. Thanks for that. And then as you think about your capital budgeting plans for next fiscal year, how are you thinking about like M&A versus investments? And for the investments, how should we think about ROI or like payback period of those investments?
Tim Gokey: Yes, let me just take that and I’ll let Ashima add in. I think, when you think about this, Puneet, we have to sort of segregate between investments that are sort of part of our P&L and they go on our balance sheet versus M&A, which is sort of out of free cash flow and share buybacks. And so when we think about the former, it’s really around what’s our investment capacity to continue to invest for the future while delivering 100% free cash flow and good returns, earnings returns to shareholders. So, we really sort of prioritize within that framework. As we think about how we deploy our strong free cash flow. I think our principles for capital allocation are similar to what you’re aware of from the past. Our business model, strong free cash flow conversion, remain investment grade. And then really think about balanced capital allocation with a clear priority of what do we need to invest internally according to that algorithm. I just spoke about how to continue to grow our dividend with earnings. And then what’s the balance between high return, M&A and the remainder in share buyback. And we’re certainly seeing that play out this year. We think we’ll see it play out next year. Those principles have been constant and they have resulted in a pretty different mix at different times, but they’ve led over time to a nice balance between dividends, M&A share buybacks. I think if you look at the M&A market right now, it is. It’s we’ve been excited with some of the things we’ve been able to do, like SIS. There are a lot of assets coming to market, but it’s still very unclear what the clearing price for those will be and whether they would fit into our economic criteria. So, if you do see us execute on something, it’s going to be because we found something really compelling. And if we don’t find something compelling, we’re very comfortable buying back our shares.
Puneet Jain: Thank you.
Tim Gokey: So I think that was our last question. Is that right? Yes. Okay. So with that, I want to just thank everyone for being with us today. Thank you for your interest in Broadridge. We are excited about the strong quarter we presented. We’re excited about our future momentum, how we’re continuing to work with our clients, our associates, and delivering returns for our shareholders. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edings Thibault : Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's first quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our Interim CFO, Ashima Ghei. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and the presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey : Thank you, Edings, and good morning. I'm pleased to be here with you today to discuss our first quarter results. I want to thank you all for joining, especially on Election Day, which reminds us all of the incredible privilege and power of voting. Stepping back, global financial markets remain robust and the demand for what we do remains healthy, driven by long-term trends, including the democratization of investing, digitization of communications, acceleration of trading, growing importance of AI and the data that powers it and ever present regulatory change. At the same time, uncertainty remains high given the U.S. Election and other geopolitical events. It's an environment in which the Broadridge business model stands out, and I'm pleased to report that we are very much on-track to deliver another strong year with consistent top and bottom-line growth, powered by a strong backlog of revenue from sales, continued healthy position growth and resilient trading volumes. So let's dive into the headlines. First, Broadridge reported solid first quarter results. After absorbing the impact of the E-Trade deconversion, recurring revenue grew 4% in constant currency, driven by our governance and capital markets franchises. Adjusted EPS was $1, as we cycled through the E-Trade impact and lower event driven revenues for the quarter. Second, we continue to execute on our strategy to enable our clients to democratize and digitize investing, simplify and innovate trading and modernize wealth management. That execution is driving our results in the form of continued product innovation, a growing pipeline and strong sales. Third, we're strengthening our business with targeted investments, including the acquisition of SIS, which closed last week. SIS will grow our Canadian business and accelerate our ability to bring wealth innovation to that market. Fourth, as I said a moment ago, Broadridge is on-track to deliver strong full year results. We're raising our fiscal ‘25 recurring revenue guidance 6% to 8%, reflecting our recently completed acquisition of SIS and strong organic growth over the balance of the year. We're also reaffirming our guidance for adjusted EPS growth and strong closed sales, and we are on-track to achieve our three year financial objectives. To sum up, our business is performing well. So let's dive into that performance on Slide 4. I'll start with our governance business, where we continue to drive democratization and digitization, deliver innovation and help our clients adapt to regulatory change. ICS recurring revenues rose 5% in constant currency, driven by strong revenue from sales and continued growth in investor participation. Looking across our product lines, we reported strong growth in data driven fund solutions and issuer solutions. Investor participation continues to drive healthy position growth. Equity record growth for companies whose meeting was processed during the quarter was 3%. Our fiscal first quarter is our seasonally smallest quarter and is more impacted by the mix of companies hosting their annual meetings, which this quarter included fewer large cap growth companies. Underlying trends, including double digit-growth in managed accounts, remained robust, and we continue to see mid to high single-digit growth overall for the first half and, as Ashima will share with you, for the seasonally larger second half. Fund and ETF position growth, which is less seasonal, was 6% in the first quarter. Underlying fund position growth trends remained stable with continued strong growth in passive fund positions and double-digit growth in money market fund positions. With the Fed having cut rates late in the quarter, it's too soon to assess whether lower rates will drive positive fund position growth. New sales were the biggest driver of our governance revenue growth, which reflects our focus on driving innovation and enabling clients to adapt to regulatory change. During the quarter, we onboarded hundreds of fund clients onto our new tailored shareholder reporting solution, helping them communicate more effectively with their clients. That success is not only contributing to our revenue growth, it's driving growing interest in our digital composition capabilities. We also introduced our new governance client experience during the quarter, giving our broker clients a single dashboard to monitor their critical communications across proxies, fund documents and other communications. This new cloud based experience leveraged the investments we made in our wealth platform, highlighting the broader benefits we are seeing from that investment across Broadridge. A key factor in the success of our governance and communications business has been our ability to drive the digitization of investor and customer communications. At last year's Investor Day, we highlighted our Wealth and Focus platform, which transforms the full spectrum of wealth client communications by creating personal interactive digital communications combined with streamlined physical statements for those that so choose. We're now lapping the first full year of client implementations. And as we scale up the volume of communications, the impact on client engagement rates has been even better than in our initial trials. We're seeing open rates 20% higher and click through rates more than 5x that of standard communications. That's up from the initial numbers we shared with you last year, which means an even better experience for investors. Turning to capital markets, where we are simplifying and innovating trading, recurring revenues grew 5%, driven by new sales and higher trading volumes. Since the end of the summer, markets have been driven by the interplay of growth and inflation, as I'm sure you can all attest. That uncertainty has driven higher fixed income trading volumes. Periods of intense volatility highlight the scalability, flexibility and reliability of our post trade technology as markets react to sudden change. We're also continuing to deliver innovative solutions, again by leveraging the data management investments we made as part of our wealth platform. Our new Tradeverse solution enables trading firms to bring together and harmonize multi asset class trade data throughout the trade lifecycle. Improving data quality and accessibility will enable clients to reduce errors and unlock insights across the front, middle and back office and further simplify their operations. We're also helping clients adapt to regulatory changes in both the EU and the U.S. with a new resilient solution for a global post trade platform and by adapting our distributed ledger capabilities to make it easier for firms to meet centralized clearing requirements for U.S. Treasury. Turning now to Wealth and Investment Management. Recurring revenue declined 4% as the deconversion of E-Trade offset healthier 6% underlying growth. The onboarding of new sales remained the key driver of that growth, which is why I'm pleased to see a strong pipeline of new opportunities across both the U.S. and Canada. This pipeline includes component solutions as well as broader opportunities with larger wealth managers. We continue to see strong interest in solutions that drive operational efficiency and or client and advisor engagement. Last week, we closed an approximately $185 million acquisition of Kyndryl’s SIS business to further expand our wealth business in Canada. Over the years, we've built a strong Canadian technology business providing core back office functions, including clearing and settlement, serving many of the largest banks, broker dealers and wealth managers in Canada. More recently, we've expanded for retail bank distribution as well, and in addition, a suite of component solutions that enrich the advisor and investor experience. The acquisition of SIS gives us additional attractive clients. It also gives more opportunity for the broader set of wealth components that we're bringing to all our Canadian clients through a common integration layer, APIs and component-based approach to drive productivity for advisors, enhance investors' experience and streamline operations. A great example is a multi-year transformation we're doing for a large Canadian bank. We're working with them to create a unified one bank experience by linking their wealth and investment accounts to the retail banking clients. We recently completed the transition of more than a 1 million accounts as part of this implementation, creating a simplified and enhanced end user experience and a more efficient and streamlined set of internal processes for the bank. We're excited about the potential to bring more of that innovation to an even larger set of Canadian financial services firms. I'll wrap up my review of our business with closed sales. Broadridge recorded a first quarter record $57 million in closed sales. That performance is even more impressive given our fourth quarter and fiscal ‘24 results, and it underscores the breadth of our products and how our solutions are helping our clients grow and drive efficiency. During the quarter, we saw strong demand for customer communications and class action services and governance and for selecting components in capital markets and wealth. I was excited to see another sale of our distributed ledger repo solution to a major bank, which is a great example of how our innovation is driving sales. Most importantly, our pipeline of new sales opportunities remains strong. I'll close with some summary callouts on Slide 5. First, we delivered solid first quarter results. Second, Broadridge is executing on our long-term growth plan. We're helping our clients address the growing number of new investors to drive digitization and to adapt to regulatory change. We're delivering innovation for capital markets clients and expanding our wealth management business. Third, our plans are anchored in long-term trends that are driving the financial services industry, including the democratization and acceleration of trading, the growing importance of AI and the data that powers it, and the need to adapt to an ever evolving regulatory environment. That long-term focus has enabled Broadridge to become a trusted and increasingly transformative partner for our clients, creating significant value for our shareholders. We have driven steady and sustainable top and bottom-line financial results through the ups and downs of financial markets and through administrations of both parties. Fourth, our execution has us on-track to deliver another year of strong and sustainable results in fiscal ‘25, including 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth constant currency and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. And longer-term, we remain on-track to achieve the three year financial objectives we laid out at our last Investor Day, which will mark the fifth three year cycle in which we've delivered on our goals. Before I turn it over to Ashima, I want to thank the 15,000 Broadridge associates around the world. Their hard work, focus on serving our clients and success in bringing innovation to our industry is what powers our growth. Thank you. Now, I'll turn it over to Ashima. Ashima?
Ashima Ghei : Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin my discussion this morning with four key callouts. First, Broadridge delivered solid first quarter results. Recurring revenue growth, constant currency of 4% included 170 basis points headwind from the E-Trade deconversion. That impact will subside in the second quarter, and we expect organic recurring revenue growth to strengthen over the balance of the year. Second, our key revenue growth drivers remain strong. Closed sales rose 21% over a very healthy Q1 ‘24. And our forward position growth testing, which now includes the second half of the year, continues to support our mid to high single-digit outlook. Third, we are raising our recurring revenue growth outlook for the year to 6% to 8% from 5% to 7%. Our increased guidance reflects both the acquisition of SIS, which closed on November 1 and is expected to add 1 point to our growth and strengthening organic growth for the balance of the year, as I noted earlier. We expect organic recurring revenue growth of 6% to 7% over the next three quarters, driven by our $450 million sales backlog, mid to high single-digit position growth and the lapping of the E-Trade deconversion. Fourth, as a result, we continue to expect to deliver strong fiscal year ‘25 results, including 50 basis points plus of underlying core margin expansion, 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth and $290 million to $330 million of closed sales. With that, let's get to the numbers on Slide 6. Recurring revenues rose 4% on a constant currency basis, virtually all organic. Adjusted operating income decreased 7%, driven by lower event driven and the impact of the E-Trade deconversion. AOI margins were 13% and adjusted EPS was $1 per share, both modestly above our expectations, driven by timing of investment spend. Finally, as Tim noted, we delivered closed sales of $57 million, up 21% from last year. Let's move to Slide 7. Recurring revenue grew 4% to $900 million. Our growth was driven by a strong contribution from new sales, partially offset by lower growth in Wealth and Investment Management. Let's turn to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. ICS recurring revenues rose 5% to $493 million. Regulatory revenues rose 6%, driven by fund position growth of 6%. As a reminder, equity proxy revenues are not a meaningful driver of revenue growth in the first quarter, given the seasonally low volume levels. Data Driven Fund Solutions revenue increased 6%, driven by growth in our Retirement and Workplace solutions and our data and analytics products. M&A contributed one point to fund solution growth. Issuer revenue also grew 8%, led by strong growth in our shareholder engagement solutions. And customer communications revenue growth was 3%, as we continued to benefit from onboarding new clients. Looking ahead, we continue to expect ICS recurring revenues to grow in-line with our 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth outlook, driven by revenue from new sales and mid to high single-digit position growth. Turning to GTO, revenues rose 2% to $407 million. Capital Markets revenues grew 5%, driven by the growth of our global post-trade capabilities, which benefited from higher fixed income trading volumes as well as our BDCs front office solutions. Lower license revenues were a modest headwind. Wealth and Investment Management revenues declined 4% as we continue to cycle through the impact of the E-Trade deconversion. Excluding that impact, revenues rose 6%, powered by growth of our back office capabilities as well as our component solutions. The E-Trade deconversion impact is expected to decline from the 10 point impact in Q1 to a 4 to 6 point headwind in the second quarter, which will be the last quarter with any impact. As Tim noted, we closed the acquisition of SIS on November 1 and expect to record SIS revenues in our Wealth and Investment Management product line. Including the benefit from SIS, we now expect overall GTO revenue growth at the high-end of our 6% to 8% recurring revenue growth outlook, including low double-digit growth in Wealth and Investment Management. Next, let's turn to Slide 9 to look at -- to take a look at our key volume indicators. Broadridge continues to benefit from the secular growth in investor participation across both equities and funds. Equity position growth was 3%, driven by managed accounts and in-line with our testing at the end of fiscal 2024. First quarter equity position growth was impacted by the mix of companies hosting their annual meetings. This is not unusual given the much smaller number of proxies processed in the quarter. For context, first quarter volumes accounted for only 6% of the annual total in fiscal ‘24. It's important to call out that we expect first half position growth will be firmly in the mid to high single-digit range, in line with our prior testing. And looking further ahead, our forward testing is showing continued mid to high single-digit position growth during the more meaningful second half of the year as well. Mutual fund and ETF position growth was 6%, and our current testing is indicating continued mid-single-digit growth. Turning to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes rose 10% on a blended basis, led by double digit growth in fixed income volume. I'll wrap up my discussion of recurring revenue growth on Slide 10. Revenue from closed sales remains the biggest driver of our recurring revenue growth at 6 points. As we onboard revenues from our $450 million backlog, net growth was partially offset by 4 points of losses, including the deconversion of E-Trade, which accounted for almost half of our overall losses. Internal growth contributed one point, primarily driven by fund position growth and higher trading volumes, which more than offset lower 30e3 regulatory fee revenues. As a result, organic revenue growth was 3%. Rounding out the recurring revenue growth drivers, the two tuck-in acquisitions we made in May and July contributed 20 basis points. I'll also remind you that the acquisition of SIS did not close until November, so it did not contribute to our first quarter growth. And changes in FX reduced our reported growth by 20 basis points. With the recent weakening of the dollar, we now forecast FX to be a modest positive for growth over the balance of the year. Let's close our discussions of revenues on Slide 11. Total revenue was flat at $1.4 billion, as 2 points of growth from recurring revenue were offset by a decline in event driven revenue and modestly lower distribution revenue. Event driven revenues were $63 million in-line with our 7 year quarterly average and $27 million lower than an unusually high Q1 ‘24. Looking ahead, we continue to expect full year event driven revenue to be at the high end of our historical levels, driven in part by a major mutual fund proxy campaign, which is expected to occur in the second quarter. Low to no margin distribution revenues declined 3%, representing a 1 point headwind to total revenue growth. The impact of higher postal rates was more than offset by a decline in mail volumes linked to our event driven activities. We now expect distribution revenue growth to be in the mid to high single-digit range for fiscal ‘25, driven by higher postal rates and customer communication print volumes. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was 13%, a decline of 90 basis points from Q1 ‘24. This was driven by the decline in event driven revenues, the E-Trade deconversion and ongoing reinvestment. Together, these factors more than offset the operating leverage we generated from higher recurring revenues and the benefits of our fourth quarter restructuring initiative. The net impact of changes in float income and distribution revenues reduced AOI margins by approximately 30 basis points in the quarter. For the year, we remain on track to generate 50 basis points plus of underlying core margin expansion. Let's move on to sales. Closed sales were $57 million, up $10 million or 21% from Q1 ‘24, driven by strong demand for our governance solutions. Closed sales are the biggest driver of our long-term growth, so I'm encouraged by a strong start to fiscal ‘25, especially coming off our record fiscal ‘24 sales. Turning to our cash flows. I'll start with a reminder that Broadridge's cash flow generation is typically negative in the fiscal first quarter and strengthens throughout the year. Q1 ‘25 free cash flow was negative $158 million a decrease from negative $76 million in Q1 ‘24. The decline was driven by an increase in cash taxes and severance payments related to our fourth quarter ‘24 restructuring initiative as well as lower net income. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 95% to 105% in fiscal 2025. Turning next to capital allocation on Slide 15. During the quarter, we invested $32 million in capital spending and software and returned $93 million to shareholders in our quarterly dividend. We also have made two tuck-in M&A investments. The first was [Indiscernible] to strengthen our issuer business, which closed on July 1, and then we also closed the acquisition of SIS on November 1 for approximately $185 million. We remain committed to balanced capital allocation. The combination of our quarterly dividend payments and the acquisition of SIS is expected to absorb approximately $600 million of our cash, giving us ample capacity to fund additional tuck-in M&A and or repurchase additional shares over the balance of the year. Let's start to wrap by reviewing our outlook for fiscal ‘25 on Page 16. As I said in the beginning of my remarks, Broadridge is on-track to deliver strong fiscal ‘25 results. We are raising our recurring revenue guidance to 6% to 8% from 5% to 7%, and our guidance now incorporates the impact of the SIS acquisition. We continue to expect adjusted operating income margin of approximately 20%, adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%, and closed sales of between $290 million to $330 million. Additionally, we expect 27% to 28% of our earnings to be generated in the first half of the year, in line with our performance over the last 10 years. Finally, let me summarize my key messages. Broadridge delivered solid Q1 financial results. The demand and secular trends driving our growth remain strong, and our testing is showing continued mid to high single-digit equity and mid-single-digit fund position growth for the year. Last, we are on-track to deliver strong fiscal ‘25 results. We are raising our recurring revenue growth guidance to reflect the benefit from the acquisition of SIS, and reaffirming our adjusted EPS and sales guidance, highlighting the strength of our business and financial model. With that, let's take your questions. Chuck?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to revisit the guidance there for a second. I think it's pretty clear on the raising of the recurring numbers around the acquisition and then E-Trades, I guess, headwind kind of abating. But not raising the EPS again kind of suggests that the incremental margins associated with what's being brought on are lower or there's something else that's offsetting it? I think you mentioned a couple. But maybe if you could talk about some of those puts and takes to kind of reconcile why we did a top line raise but not something else in earnings?
Ashima Ghei : Sure. I'll take that, Dan. Thanks for your question. Happy to provide some color on the guidance. You're absolutely right. We are raising our recurring revenue growth guidance to 6% to 8%, right, like you pointed out. It reflects the acquisition of SIS, and it also reflects our additional comfort and confidence sitting where we are at the end of Q1 given the sales activity, given the position growth that we're specifically now targeting 6% to 7% organic growth over the balance of the year. We are also feeling good about our event activity. Having said that, we think about high level of high margin event activity as a means to create investment capacity. So what we're really targeting is in-line with our guidance, 8% to 12% EPS growth and seeking the opportunity to reinvest for further growth opportunities.
Tim Gokey : And I would just add to that. I think the obviously, a key part of the rise is the SIS acquisition. And in the first year, we expect that to be neutral to EPS. So it's really the other factors that Ashima was talking about in terms of the reinvestment on event and doing good about organic really leaves us right in that same range.
Dan Perlin: Got it. That's great. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on M&A and your appetite here. I mean, you have done a couple of deals, relatively small tuck-ins. You clearly have a lot more capacity. And I think in the past couple of quarters, you kind of alluded to maybe environment getting a little bit better, in terms of maybe prices and opportunities that you see out in the market, that pipeline getting bigger. So just as we sit here today, I'm just curious where you are thinking you might want to place some incremental dollars this year?
Tim Gokey : Yes. Thanks, Dan. Just starting with the principles that you well know, which is we're an organic growth company. Our growth is primarily there and we have a long runway given the addressable market we have. But M&A has been an attractive way to meet the needs of our clients. And over three years, we're expecting sort of 1 to 2 points contribution to recurring revenue from M&A. If you look at where the market is right now, first of all, we're excited that we've been able to make some compelling purchases, including SIS. And certainly, we're seeing many PEs bringing things to market. We're tracking a pretty strong pipeline of opportunities. And I think as always, the art is in finding those deals that meet the combination of our financial criteria and where we think we are really the right or the best owner. And that's obviously all in the context of balanced capital allocation, mid to high-teens ROIC. So we're definitely looking at things. We're definitely keeping that financial framework in mind. And so if you do see us execute, it will be because we see something that we think is compelling. And if we don't see the right opportunities, we remain very comfortable with repurchasing broader shares.
Operator: The next question will come from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you for those clarifications on the outlook, etcetera. Wanted to touch really quickly on digital and then some developments in the market generally. You've got digital revenue growing double-digits in fiscal year ‘24 and digital revenue on average is converting faster and the better onboarding efficacy you referred to last call. I was surprised to see customer communications growth in the quarter consistent with fiscal fourth quarter. What's the driver there? And is there still line of sight to that business accelerating to mid-single-digit or even high single digit growth in this coming fiscal year?
Tim Gokey : Yes, James, thanks very much for that question. It's a good one, and I do want to reiterate that we really do see our BRCC revenues on-track to pick up from the FY’24 levels, in the remainder of the year. And really that is driven by new sales and it's driven by growth in digital. We had a quite significant sale in the fourth quarter that was -- we call it, center of excellence, but it's a full lift out of all of the print and digital capabilities of significant financial services provider. That revenue was onboarded late in the first quarter, so it didn't really impact the first quarter, but it will impact the rest of the year and it really shows the value proposition of that print to digital conversion. Also, we talked -- I mentioned in the script around wealth and focus, which we featured at our Investor Day last year, generating very positive feedback and pipeline. So we're pretty confident in the outlook for higher growth over the balance of ‘25 driven by that onboarding of recent sales wins, which as I say are already onboard. So we feel pretty confident in mid to high single-digit growth in BRCC for the full year.
James Faucette: Got it. Appreciate that. And then just more on a high level and longer-term question. We saw an article during the quarter with one of the heads of international post-trade, which effectively from an at least I took that there while it's not really an acute issue right now, [he] was starting to see T+1 lead to increased costs for brokers, particularly as it relates to securities, lending and FX. What is Broadridge or how is Broadridge helping to mitigate this dynamic? And what are some of the takeaways the industry is focused on before that rollout in Europe and the rest of the world?
Tim Gokey : Yes, James, very interesting question. And it's interesting because I think there's a bit of a dichotomy here between the U.S. and Europe. The T+1 implementation went very smoothly here in the U.S, the sale rates and straight through processing rates and same day confirmation rates all went up quite a bit. And I think people were expecting there to be some issues and there weren't. Now Europe has yet to do T+1, and they're looking at when to do that. And -- but what they're seeing is just some of the tension between T+1 in the U. S. Is not in Europe and how is that causing sort of disconnect in some of those ancillary services and it's being tapered over at this point with people. And so I think we are hearing the same thing that that's causing some challenges for people. I think in terms of how we can help, it's a little bit of a question of how quickly they'll move to T+1 and sort of eliminate that disparity in the dates between here and there. And in the meantime, we obviously we have a managed service for so for our clients who are where we're doing that for them on both sides, we can help them with our BPO. And if there's going to be a significant timing gap, then it would be creating some technology to help.
Operator: The next question will come from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So some of like the consulting companies have definitely gotten more positive on outlook for financial services in the U.S., like the large banks, capital market clients. Are you also seeing any changes in backlog conversion into revenue or the flow of deals from pipeline into backlog? Are you seeing any change in clients' behavior as it relates to how they take decisions?
Tim Gokey : Yeah, Puneet. Thank you very much. It is -- if you think about project execution, we didn't see the slowdown that some other people have reported in project execution. We definitely saw, this is going back a ways now a lengthening of sales pipeline and it taking longer to get to closure. This may be because more of the mix of the things that we do are around regulatory and cost and things that are, that our clients feel like they really need to get done. And so once they sign, they sort of maybe were more at the top of the list for implementation. So we didn't see the same implementation delays that others are seeing. I think, more broadly though, if we just talk about the business environment out there. We are really pleased by the -- by what we’re seeing in terms of sales closes. And that strong start to the year on the sales side increases our comp for the full year. We're seeing that in governance and communication solutions. We're seeing it in select areas in capital markets and wealth. And just while I'm on sales, a couple of things that I think are worth noting is just that we're seeing those sales in the areas where we're investing digital communications, class actions in the front office and wealth. And the pipeline is really good. And if we compare our pipeline multiplier now to where we were last year at the same time, it's just as strong. And then with the backlog, $450 million as of August, that really gives us confidence in our outlook and provides good visibility into our recurring revenue over the medium term, giving us confidence in our three year outlook. And I just one final comment just on that revenue to sales to revenue conversion. It is an area that we're really focused on, and I think we're actually seeing improvements this year over last year. Part of that is on the client side, part of that is on our side.
Puneet Jain: Got it. And then, on the other side, ICS side within regulatory business, like the stock record growth came at 3%. You expect that to improve. How much visibility you have? Or what confidence you have that stock record growth improves from here to mid-single-digits?
Ashima Ghei : Yeah. So Puneet, I'll start by just reminding you. I know you know this, but I'll just start off by reminding that the stock record growth that you saw for Q1 reflects the growth for those specific issuers that set out their proxies in the July to September time period, right? They typically end up being very small companies and 1 or 2 large issuers really make a swing in the growth rates. The 3% was actually in line with what we'd expected at the end of last year, given the mix of companies that we were aware of. Just like we're expecting Q2 now to be at the high single-digit growth rate, which together across the first half of the year, we're expecting to be solidly in the mid to high single-digit growth rate. Our testing for equity has proven to be reliable, especially when we're looking at 2, 3 quarters out, we have a fairly good idea because we do it at an issuer level. We have a fairly good idea of how it's going to trend out. As we sit here right now, we've started testing a much more material second half of the year as well, and it's showing mid to high single-digit growth. So I feel pretty good about it.
Tim Gokey: And Puneet, I'd just add that I think the bigger picture here is about the broad drivers that remain very positive, especially the momentum in managed accounts. The overall market environment as Ashima said, the testing has been pretty accurate showing a strong full year. We're also seeing this on the fund side, where it's more mid-single to high single-digit. And then beyond that, we have all the innovation that we've talked about with voting choice and direct indexing. And so I think overall, I think the thing we want people to take away is that the positive trends are giving us confidence in the year, but also in the longer-term duration.
Operator: The next question will come from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: A follow-up question on SIS. Can you provide the specific revenue contribution that you expect from that business this year? And -- SIS, would you have still raised your constant currency recurring revenue guide for the year?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I'll start on this and let Ashima add in anything. I think first of all, just since you -- the number for SIS is just a little shy of $60 million for this year in this full year. But when we look more broadly, when you look at our overall wealth and investment management business, we really like the position we have in Canada, it's an attractive market. We serve many of the leading institutions, lots of small ones, too. We're excited to add these important new clients, but we're also excited about the opportunity to leverage our wealth platform investment into the Canadian market. And we're bringing that technology that's already built. We have a bigger base of clients to provide it to. And this really underscores our commitment to our wealth business to being a leading technology provider to Canada. On the -- would we have increased guidance without this. I think what we're signaling is increased confidence on the organic side. I'm not sure that it would have been so much that we would have changed our guidance. So the increase that you're seeing here is largely related specifically to SIS. And -- but we feel -- what we want to make sure is that none came away feeling looking doing all the math and saying that we think like we're weakening on the organic side, that's sort of the answer of the method you're trying to convey because we're really seeing nice trends for the rest of the year.
Ashima Ghei: Yes. And Patrick, I'll also add a bit more specifics about SIS, like you heard, we expect -- it's about $185 million purchase price. We expect it to add a little over a percentage point to Broadridge growth overall. To the question earlier, we do expect it to be slightly dilutive to Broadridge margin, but are not expecting any material impact to earnings as a result of this. Of course, it will be accretive to wealth growth, leading to low double-digit growth for the wealth business and GTO growth coming in at the high end of the 5% to 8%. But just SIS itself, the guide is over -- a little over 1 percentage point to Broadridge growth, slight dilution to margins and no impact to earnings.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Terrific. That's very helpful. And then looking at your core sales number, typically, your fiscal first quarter represents less than 15% of your full year sales activity. But this past quarter, close sales was closer to 20% to the midpoint of your full year fiscal '25 outlook. Was there any unusual pull forward this quarter? Or are things perhaps just trending maybe a little bit better than what you would have expected?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick, it's always good to get a strong start on the year. I don't think I want to signal any increase in our expectation. I think the $290 million to $330 million is a really good range for us. I wouldn't call it pull forward, but there's always the timing of sort of the medium-sized deals that can fall in 1 quarter versus another. And so I just want you to take away that we feel like we have a good start to the quarter. We feel we have a good first half, and we're feeling good about the full year.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Chuck. I just want to thank everyone on the call for your interest in Broadridge, especially so on Election Day. Have a great morning.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-08-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day! Welcome to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everybody. And welcome to Broadridge's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Ashima Ghei. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we'll be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides in a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. It's great to be here to discuss our strong fiscal ‘24 financial and operating results. I'm also pleased to be joined by Interim CFO, Ashima Ghei. Ashima took over on July 1 from Edmund and we continued to wish good luck in his next endeavor. Importantly, I've had the opportunity to work closely with Ashima over the past two and a half years as she played a leading role in driving the strong results of her ICS business. Previously, she was in American Express for 18 years, and she has brought a strong combination of deep insight and experience to her role as CFO of ICS here at Broadridge. Ashima, welcome.
Ashima Ghei: Thank you, Tim. Great to be here.
Tim Gokey: I'll start my review this morning with a quick comment on what we're seeing in the market. Over the past six months, the market has been stable to improving. Our clients have been moving proactively to digitize communications, simplify and modernize their technology infrastructure, and enhance investor engagement. These trends played to Broadridge’s strengths, and they drove record closed sales for the quarter and for the year. This past week has seen much higher volatility, with questions about the pace of rate easing and sustainability of growth. It's too early to know if this represents a market turn, but if it does, these kinds of environments are where Broadridge's resilient recurring revenue business model really stands out. I'm confident that Broadridge is going into fiscal ‘25, poised to deliver another year of sustainable growth backed by a record backlog of sales already closed, a strong pipeline, and resilient volume trends. We're executing on our growth strategy and investing in our products and capabilities. So in any scenario, I feel very good about how we're positioned. With that as context, let's review our strong results and strategic progress. I'm happy to report that Broadridge is executing on our strategy to democratize and digitize Governance, to simplify and innovate in capital markets, and to modernize wealth management. Our clients look to us as trusted and transformative partner to help them adapt to regulatory change, reduce cost and complexity, and drive innovation. That trusted and transformative position, along with strong execution, is driving record closed sales. For the year, Broadridge reported 39% growth in closed sales to $342 million. That's both record sales and record sales growth. It's also enabling Broadridge to continue to deliver strong and sustainable growth. For the full year, adjusted EPS rose 10% on 6% organic growth in recurring revenues. As we've seen all year, that growth was accompanied by strong free cash flow conversion, ending the year at 102%. Higher cash flow and our strong balance sheet enabled us to fund tuck-in M&A investments, and we purchased $450 million in Broadridge shares. I'm also pleased to announce a 10% increase in our annual dividend, the 12th double digit increase in the last 13 years. Finally, the combination of strong execution and sales growth has Broadridge positioned to deliver another year of strong and sustainable growth in fiscal ‘25. Our guidance includes 5% to 7% organic recurring revenue growth, and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth, with $290 million to $330 million of closed sales. Now, let's dive into how we generated these strong results, starting on Slide 4 with our governance business. We continue to make strides in executing our strategy to drive the democratization and digitization of governance. For FY’24, our ICS business reported 5% recurring revenue growth, driven by data-driven fund solutions, issuer and digital communications. Part of driving democratization is enabling the continued growth in equity and fund investments by Mainstream investors. Full year equity position growth was 6%, including 7% in the fourth quarter, in line with mid-to-high single-digit trends of the past decade or more. That growth was driven by managed accounts, which continued to be a key area focus for Wealth Advisor, while self-directed position growth was flat. Mutual fund and ETF growth was 3% for the full year, driven by demand for passive funds. While growth picked up to 6% in the fourth quarter, demand trends remained mixed. Money market fund positions, which account for less than 5% of the total, grew by 17% in the quarter, suggesting that many investments remained content to be in cash. Recall that investors tend to have only one money market fund versus multiple equity or bond funds. So growth in money markets tends to lower overall position growth. Beyond position growth, Broadridge is driving democratization by helping our fund clients implement voting choice for their shareholders. We are now enabling more than 100 separate funds to offer their investors a greater say in governance, up from only eight a year ago. We're also seeing strong interest in Europe, where funds see voting choice as a competitive differentiator. Our virtual shareholder meeting capabilities are also making shareholder meetings more accessible. We recently hosted more than 6,500 investors and guests on our VSM platform for the meeting of a mega cap tech company. We're playing a role in enabling investors to weigh in on the governance in some of the largest and most widely held companies in our market, including Disney earlier this year and Tesla in the fourth quarter. I'm especially pleased with the success of our tailored shareholder report solution. As most of you know, beginning last month, tailored shareholder reports replaced the 100 plus page annual and semi-annual reports that fund shareholders previously received with a condensed and more digestible two to three page report. While, it's a big step forward in enabling funds to communicate more effectively with their shareholders. It doesn't come without added cost or complexity. Funds now need to manage a much greater number of individualized reports that first need to be digitally composed and then distributed to shareholders. To meet that demand, we created solutions to lower the print and distribution costs of these new communications and streamline the higher value digital composition and digital tagging work. Our ability to deliver compelling solutions in the face of a looming regulatory deadline was critical for our clients, and the sales of our TSR Solution contributed strongly to our overall sales growth this past year. It's a great example of how Broadridge is bringing innovation and value added services to do more for asset management clients. Finally, our printed digital strategy is driving digitization in our customer communications business. After crossing over the 100 million digital revenue threshold in fiscal ‘23, we delivered another year of double digit growth in ‘24 driven by continued on-boarding of new clients to a Wealth InFocus Digital Solution. In the fourth quarter, we reached agreement with a major financial services firm to bring its digital communications infrastructure onto our platform. This was an existing Broadridge print client who sees Broadridge’s digital capabilities as an opportunity to accelerate client engagement and drive additional savings. New sales like this give our BRCC business a clear runway for growth in ‘25. Now, let's move to our Capital Markets franchise. We continue to make strong progress against our goal of simplifying and innovating across the trade life cycle. Capital markets revenues crossed the $1 billion revenue milestone, rising 8% for the year, driven by strong growth in BTCS and by the onboarding of new global post-trade clients. In the front office, our bank clients face the pressure to drive ever-increasing trade volumes at lower spreads from a faster settlement across multiple asset classes and geography. We're meeting that need by delivering a state-of-the-art global SaaS platform that gives trading firms best-in-class order management, execution, scale, and reliability. We're now extending those capabilities to the derivatives market by developing new futures and options solutions. We also continue to help our clients reduce the cost and complexity of their back office operations for their global post-trade capabilities. In fiscal ‘24, we brought a leading global bank, the international operations of a major European bank, and a leading Nordic bank onto our global post-trade platform. By combining multiple existing platforms and dozens of markets, Broadridge is enabling these clients to simplify their operations, reduce complexity, and optimize capital. Only Broadridge can deliver that kind of global simplification at scale, and our success is driving a strong pipeline of additional post-trade engagements. Driving simplification also means helping our clients adapt to regulatory change, and the transition to T+1 at the end of May was a notable example. The move to a shortened settlement cycle across North American equities and corporate and municipal bonds was the culmination of initiative that began in 2020. The goal was to reduce systemic risk or lowering clearinghouse collateral requirements and enhancing operational efficiency. For Broadridge, it was another opportunity to showcase the benefits of metallization. For more than a year leading after the change, our teams focused on delivering rigorous testing, meticulous planning, and robust client communication. A year ago, we set up a T+1 test environment that enabled clients to thoroughly test their own preparedness, and we led and participated in industry-wide initiatives along with the DTCC and CDS. The results have been a seamless transition for our clients, marked by significant improvement in industry-trade date affirmation rates, a 30% reduction in certain collateral requirements, and increased liquidity. Finally, we're driving innovation across trading through the adoption of AI and distributed ledger technology. We're seeing growing interest in our AI solutions, including our now-patented BondGPT capability and our OpsGPT console. Our distributed ledger repo platform is delivering reduced external transaction fees, lower sales, and increased liquidity. We added two new clients onto our DLR platform in fiscal ‘24, increasing our monthly average trading volume to $1.5 trillion. Now let's turn to Wealth and Investment Management on Slide 6. In Wealth, we are helping our clients modernize and transform on their own terms with our modular suite of capabilities. Wealth and Investment Management revenues rose 7% in fiscal ‘24, driven in part by the go-live of our UBS contract at the beginning of the year. Partially offsetting this growth was the de-conversion of Morgan Stanley E-Trade. After a three-year journey, we helped Morgan Stanley complete the transition of the E-Trade platform last fall. More broadly, the sales of our Wealth and Investment Management solutions rose more than 40% in fiscal ‘24, including a strong contribution from our Wealth platform solutions. Our pipeline continues to grow, and we're seeing continued demand for tools that help increase advisor effectiveness, enhance client engagement, and drive operational efficiency. Last quarter, we announced the acquisition of Kyndryl SIS business in Canada. The SIS platform provides front, middle, and back-office technology for Canadian financial services firms. The addition of the SIS clients to our existing business in Canada will accelerate our ability to bring new capabilities, including our wealth solutions, to the Canadian market. That deal is now moving through the Canadian regulatory review process, and we expect it to close in the first half of fiscal ‘25. I'll close my review of our fiscal ‘24 execution with closed sales. Broadridge reported record closed sales of $342 million, including fourth quarter sales up more than 70% to $157 million. We benefited from strong demand for our tailored shareholder reports and digital capabilities in ICS, and from strong growth in both capital markets and wealth in GTO. It's a direct reflection of the steps we've taken to help our clients adapt to change and grow their business. It's gratifying to see our investments translate into growth. Our strong sales performance is a clear sign that as clients begin to reinvest themselves, they see Broadridge as a trusted, transformative partner to help them operate, innovate, and grow. And with a strong pipeline going into next year, we expect another year of strong sales in fiscal ‘25. I'll wrap up my review with some closing call-outs on Slide 7. First, Broadridge is executing on our growth strategy. We're driving the democratization of investing by ensuring that a growing number of Mainstream investors get the critical information they need to understand their investments and make their voice heard. We're powering important corporate elections and extending voting choice. As an upcoming change in regulatory fund reporting, we stepped up to develop innovative, tailored shareholder report solutions. In digital, we started a journey years ago to combine world-class digital solutions with our low-cost print network. And in GTO, we have acquired, built, and invested in our front and back office solutions to help our clients’ trade faster, engage with their clients, enhance adviser productivity, and reduce operational complexity. We're delivering new capital markets capabilities in derivatives and extending our global reach. We've enabled faster settlement times for dozens of clients and trillions of dollars of assets. We're driving innovation with AI-Enabled solutions and distributed ledger technology. We're live with our Wealth platform. We're driving the sales of our modular solutions and we're leveraging the technology more broadly, including as we extend and grower out business in Canada. Our execution on these strategies drove record-close sales, 6% recurring revenue growth, and double-digit adjusted EPS growth in fiscal ‘24. Looking ahead, we expect another year of strong and sustainable growth in fiscal ‘25, and we're on track to deliver on our three-year financial objectives. Most importantly, we continue to see a long runway for future growth. Technology trends are enabling more investors to participate in the market and giving them access to increasingly sophisticated investments. Digitization is transforming the way businesses engage with their clients. Trading continues to accelerate, and banks look to reduce the cost and complexity of their operations. Regulators around the world are constantly updating rules to modulate behavior and improve disclosure for all investors. And every one of those trends is shaped by the power of data and AI. We've positioned Broadridge to help our clients meet the opportunities and challenges these trends create. We're executing on a growth strategy to do even more as we attack our $60 billion and growing vented market opportunity. The power of mutualizing change to increase speed and reduce cost is true in almost all economic environments, and our resilient business model is particularly strong in periods of higher volatility. I've never been more optimistic about Broadridge's future. Before I hand over to Ashima, I want to thank our associates. As I've talked about today, Broadridge is executing on multiple fronts, and none of that would be possible without the hard work and client focus of everyone at our company. So, thank you for your work in serving our clients today and for helping to transform our industry for tomorrow. Ashima.
Ashima Ghei: Thank you, Tim. It's great to join all of you to discuss the strong results and to review our guidance for fiscal ‘25. Broadridge has a long track record of delivering strong and sustainable top and bottom line growth with strong shareholder returns, and this year was no different. Fiscal ‘24 recurring revenue grew 6% constant currency, and adjusted EPS grew 10%. Before I go through the results, I want to call out the key items that give me confidence that we are on track to deliver on our fiscal ‘25 guidance and our three-year growth objectives. First; sales and backlog. Record closed sales of $342 million drove a 13% increase in revenue backlog, giving us strong visibility into our revenue growth in fiscal ‘25 and ‘26. Second, position growth. Equity position growth was 6% in ‘24, and fund position growth was 3%. Our current testing shows a modest improvement in those trends with continued mid-to-high single-digit growth in equities and mid-single-digit growth in funds. Third; expenses, investments and margins. We have a long history of driving operating leverage. This quarter, we completed a restructuring initiative that will position us to continue to fund long-term growth investments, grow core margin and deliver earnings growth. Fourth and last, capital allocation. In fiscal ‘24, we repurchased 2.3 million shares for $450 million and have recently announced three tuck-in M&A investments. That capital will contribute directly to our top and bottom line growth. These four areas position us well to deliver our three-year financial objectives and our fiscal ‘25 guidance which calls for 5% to 7% recurring revenue, constant currency growth, almost all organic and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. With that let's go through the numbers on Slide 8. Fiscal ‘24 recurring revenues grew to $4.2 billion up 6% on an organic constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income grew 9%. Adjusted EPS grew 10% to $7.73 and we reported record closed sales of $342 million which drove our recurring revenue backlog to $450 million. Turning now to the fourth quarter headline numbers. Recurring revenue grew 5% on a constant currency basis to $1.3 billion. Adjusted operating income grew 5% and AOI margin was 28.8%. Adjusted EPS rose 9% to $3.50 and closed sales rose 74% to a fourth quarter record $157 million. Moving to Slide 9, fourth quarter recurring revenue rose 5% to $1.3 billion driven by a combination of converting revenue from sales and mid-single digit position growth. For the full year recurring revenue growth was 6% essentially all organic and in line with our three-year organic growth objective of 5% to 8%. Let's turn to the next slides to review the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. In Q4 ICS recurring revenue grew 6% powered by growth across all four product lines. We also saw the benefit of the timing delays we'd called out in our Q3 results which added 1 point to fourth quarter growth. For the full year ICS recurring revenues were up 5% to $2.6 billion. Regulatory revenue grew 7% in Q4 and 5% for the full year in line with position growth. Looking ahead we expect continued mid-single digit revenue growth in fiscal ‘25 in line with our position testing. Data-driven fund solutions revenue increased by 7% in the fourth quarter and for the full year driven by growth in retirement and workplace solutions and our data and analytics products. The acquisition of AdvisorTarget which closed on June 1st made a very modest contribution to growth. Issuer revenue grew 5% in Q4 and 7% for the full year led by growth in our registered shareholder solutions and disclosure products. Customer communications recurring revenue rose 3% in the fourth quarter and 2% for the full year as we continue to execute our print to digital strategy. Digital revenues grew double digits for both the quarter and the year. We expect customer communications growth to accelerate in fiscal ‘25 driven by a combination of digital growth and new client wins. Looking ahead to fiscal ‘25 we expect stronger ICS recurring revenue growth driven by revenue from strong fiscal ‘24 sales, continued mid-single digit position growth and strong growth in digital which will more than offset the loss of 33 revenues and lower float income. Turning to GTO on Slide 11, Q4 recurring revenue growth was 4%. For the full year GTO revenues grew 8% to $1.6 billion. At the high end of our three year 5% to 8% organic growth objective, driven by strong growth across both our capital markets and wealth businesses. Capital markets revenue grew 6% in the fourth quarter. Strong growth in revenue from sales and higher trading volumes more than offset lower license revenue. Full year revenues increased 8% powered by strong growth in BTCS and revenue from sales from new global post-trade clients. Wealth and investment management revenue increased 7% for the full year. Fourth quarter growth was flat, as revenue from new sales was offset by the E-Trade deconversion and lower license revenue. We expect the impact of E-Trade will continue to weigh on the wealth and investment management growth through the first half of fiscal ‘25, especially in the first quarter. Looking ahead to fiscal ‘25, we expect GTO revenue growth to be at the low end of our 5% to 7% recurring revenue guidance range, with stronger growth in capital markets and lower growth in wealth and investment management. Excluding the impact of E-Trade, wealth and investment management growth would be at the higher end of the 5% to 7% recurring revenue guidance. Now, let's turn to slide 12 to review volume trends. Position growth returned to mid to high single digits for both equities and funds in the fourth quarter. Equity position growth rose to 7% in the fourth quarter, in line with our testing. Full year growth was 6%, driven almost entirely by double digit growth in managed accounts. Our fiscal ‘25 first half testing continues to show healthy mid to high single digit growth. Fund position growth metric rebounded to 6% in the quarter. Full year fund position growth was 3%, driven by growth in passive funds and double digit growth in money market funds. Fund flows have strengthened in recent months and our current testing of underlying fund positions is indicating a modest pickup to between 4% to 5%. Turning to trade volumes, trade volumes grew 15% on a blended basis in Q4, driven by both higher fixed income and equity volumes. For the full year, trading volumes were up 13%. Let's now move to Slide 13 for the drivers of recurring revenue growth. For the quarter, recurring revenue growth was 5%, virtually all organic, and balanced between net new business and internal growth. Revenue from closed sales provided 5 points of growth. Our recurring revenue retention rate was 97% for the quarter and for the full year. Adjusting for the E-Trade deconversion, retention rates remained at 98%. And internal growth, primarily positions and trading volumes contributed 3 points. Lastly, we closed two small acquisitions in our ICS segment. Advisor target contributed less than 5 basis points to fourth quarter revenue growth and CompSci closed at the beginning of July. We expect these two acquisitions will contribute approximately 20 basis points to fiscal ‘25 recurring revenue growth. I'll finish the guidance on revenue on Slide 14. Total revenue grew 6% in Q4 to $1.9 billion, and recurring revenue was the largest contributor, with 4 points of growth. Event-driven revenue was $76 million and contributed 1 point to Q4 growth. Event-driven revenue benefited from higher levels of mutual fund proxy and equity contest activity versus the fourth quarter of last year. Low to no margin distribution revenue increased 4% and contributed 1 point to total revenue growth, driven by higher postal rates. Remember, these have a dilutive impact on our adjusted operating income margin. So let's turn to margins on Slide 15. Adjusted operating income margin for Q4 was 28.8%, as the positive impact from operating leverage was offset by the timing of annual expenses. On a full-year basis, adjusted operating income margin was 20%, up 20 basis points from fiscal ‘23. The combination of operating leverage and the benefits from our fiscal ‘23 restructuring enabled us to absorb the deconversion of E-Trade and higher amortization from our wealth platform, while increasing our investments in long-term growth and meeting our earnings objectives. The net impact of higher float revenue and distribution, which have little impact on earnings, increased margins by 30 basis points. During the fourth quarter, we completed the restructuring program we began last year to realign some of our businesses and streamline our management structure. We incurred $56 million in fourth quarter charges, which were not included in our calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. We estimate that these actions will generate over $100 million in annualized cost savings, which will position us to fund investments, further scale our business, and deliver earnings growth. Rounding out the fourth quarter non-GAAP items, I would also note that we incurred $10 million in charges to settle various legal matters. Let's move ahead to closed sales on Slide 16. Broadridge had a very strong sales year. Fiscal ‘24 sales rose 39% to a record $342 million, driven by a very strong fourth quarter, where closed sales grew 74% to $157 million. As you heard from Tim, we benefited from strong sales of our tailored shareholder report solutions and digital, as well as strong growth across both our capital markets and wealth and investment management solutions. These strong sales lifted our revenue backlog to $450 million, equal to 11% of our fiscal ‘24 recurring revenue. I'll now turn to cash flow on Slide 17. Broadridge generated free cash flow of $943 million in fiscal ‘24, up 26% from fiscal ‘23. Free cash flow conversion increased to 102% from 90% in Fiscal ‘23 and 42% in ‘22, returning to a more historic levels after a period of higher investment. We expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 95% to 105% in fiscal ‘25. Let's move next to capital allocation on Slide 18. We continue to take a balanced approach to capital allocation. In Fiscal ‘24, we made platform investments of $41 million and deployed $113 million on capital expenditures and software spend. Fiscal ‘24 also marked a return to tuck-in M&A. In total, we enhanced our data and analytics solutions with the $35 million acquisition of Advisor Target and closed the smaller acquisition of CompSci on July 1 to augment our issuer capabilities. In May, we announced the proposed acquisition of SIS from Kyndryl for approximately $200 million. SIS is a leading Canadian wealth and capital markets technology platform with annual revenues of $80 million to $85 million. The acquisition is expected to close during the first half of our fiscal year and will not have a significant impact on our margins or adjusted EPS during the first year of operation. Given the inherent timing, uncertainty of regulatory review, we have not included it in our guidance. We will add SIS to our Fiscal ‘25 guidance after it closes. After internal and external investments, we return excess capital to shareholders. We returned $781 million to shareholders in Fiscal ‘24 through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $300 million of shares, bringing our total gross repurchases in Fiscal ‘24 to $450 million. Finally, we repaid $60 million of debt, ending the year with a 2.2x leverage ratio, below our long-term target of 2.5x. Last night, our Board approved a 10% dividend increase to $352 per share. As Tim noted, this is our 12th double-digit increase in the last 13 years, which emphasizes both, our sustained earnings growth and our long-term commitment to balanced capital allocation. I'll close my prepared remarks this morning with some detail on our guidance on Slide 19. We expect another year of sustainable recurring revenue growth, core margin expansion, strong adjusted EPS growth, and very healthy closed sales in fiscal ‘25. Let me walk through each of those points, starting first with revenue. We expect recurring revenue growth constant currency of 5% to 7%, almost all organic, driven by new sales as we onboard our $450 million revenue backlog. We expect ICS recurring revenues to be at the higher end of that range, with GTO lower. We expect event-driven revenues to be at the high end of our historic range, driven by a proxy campaign at a major mutual fund complex in our second quarter. Distribution revenues are forecast to grow at low double-digit rate, powered by higher postage rates and stronger BRCC print volume. We expect these low-to-no margin revenues to have a dilutive impact on our reported margins. Second, let's move to margin. We expect adjusted operating income margin will be approximately 20%. We anticipate the combination of higher operating leverage and disciplined expense management will enable us to deliver over 50 basis points of underlying core margin expansion, in line with our three-year financial objectives. We expect this to be partially offset by the impact of higher distribution revenues and lower float income. Third, EPS. We expect adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%. Embedded in this outlook is an expected tax rate of 21%. Fourth, we expect another year of strong closed sales. Our guidance range of $290 million to $330 million reflects continued growth from our fiscal ‘24 results, excluding sales of tailored shareholder report solutions. And lastly, I will remind you that our guidance does not include the impact of SIS. Taken together, our Fiscal ‘25 guidance highlights the strength of the Broadridge business model. Now before I conclude, let me offer some insight on our first quarter. We expect our first quarter earnings will account for 10% to 11% of our full year adjusted EPS, at the low end of our historical range, driven in part by lower event-driven revenue versus Q1 of ‘24 and the E-Trade impact. So let's wrap up with a quick summary of the key takeaways from our strong fiscal ‘24 results. First, Broadridge delivered another year of strong and sustainable recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth. Second, our record closed sales highlight the strong demand for our solutions and give us increased visibility into future growth. Third, we are putting our strong free cash flow to work for shareholders, with another double-digit dividend increase, strategic and value-creative acquisitions, and share repurchases. Finally, Broadridge is poised to deliver another strong year in Fiscal ‘25, keeping us well on track to achieve our three-year growth objectives for the fourth consecutive cycle. With that, let's move to Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin : Thanks. Good morning. Tim, I just wanted to ask you, and you touched on this a little bit in the prepared remarks, but we are seeing a pretty material uplift in volatility here, and I appreciate the recurring revenue model. The question is really, in times where we’ve seen this kind of volatility in the past. What have kind of the client behaviors been, and how has the business kind of performed, and are there things structurally different about the business today that you think if we look at other historical periods where we had this heightened volatility, we might have more stable hands, so to speak, this quarter around? Thank you.
Tim Gokey: Yeah Dan, thank you. Thank you very much for that. And obviously, we have no special knowledge about whether what we're seeing is just a moment or is something more significant. But I do think, and I highlighted this in my prepared remarks, that one of the most attractive features of our business model is its resiliency. And when you look at our fee revenues, they are 94% recurring, and the highest driver there is revenue from sales, and we have a $450 million backlog of things that are already contracted. And, when you look at position growth, it's been pretty resilient through a variety of economic cycles. It has sometimes gone down. In global financial crisis, it went down, it didn't go below zero, but it still stayed positive. We're hedged on interest rates, and volatility benefits us on trading. So, I think if you compare where we are now to where we've been in past periods of volatility, it's really not a lot different. The fundamental components around resilient business model, high recurring revenue, revenue from sales, all of those really remain intact. High trading, that volatility debt is a little bit of a plus in the near term. Sometimes when it's volatile, that causes position growth to slow a little bit, but that's all very speculative at this point, and those things really don't move our broad numbers. So that's why we were pretty confident today around our guidance on 5% to 7% recurring revenue growth, 8% to 12% earnings.
Dan Perlin: That's great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. And Ashima, congrats, and welcome to the call. I just want to touch base on the strength in bookings trends. I think you hit $340 million in closed sales for fiscal ‘24, which was above the range. I think the midpoint you had said was $300 million for the year. So just, maybe just revisit what – if you take it a step back and revisit the key drivers and the strength, and then really where you are seeing in demand right now, going forward in terms of drivers and areas of real demand for the new bookings and new closed sales.
Tim Gokey: Yeah Darrin, thank you. Thank you very much. Look, we are really proud of the ‘24 sales results with the $342 million. Really driven in ‘24 by four drivers, tailored shareholder reports, digital solutions, strong growth in both capital markets and wealth and investment management. And tailored shareholder reports were an important part of that story, but we like the other stories too. And if you pull out the one-time impact of tailored shareholder reports, sales were at record levels, and we expect that to grow off of those sales, excluding TSR. You know, what we really like is that the sales that we're seeing are aligned with the investments that we have been making, investments in regulatory, investments in digital, investments in capital markets, especially on the front office side, and in wealth. And each of those areas saw strong growth this year. Each of those areas has a nice pipeline for next year. So as we think about where we're seeing that demand that you mentioned, you know we've talked about the bigger themes of helping our clients grow their revenue or helping our clients reduce cost, and the sub-solutions in each of those areas really hit on those. So looking ahead, we're expecting these trends to continue to be very positive, excluding the impact of tailored shareholder reports. We expect to continue to grow our sales in FY ‘25, and we feel good about the 290 to 330 based on our strong pipeline.
Darrin Peller: All right. Very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask on wealth. It seems like on the wealth front, you alluded to strong pipeline growth for some of the new wealth management solutions. Are you still on track to deliver the $20 million to $30 million of incremental module sales, and how should we be thinking about incremental opportunities down the road there?
Tim Gokey: Yeah James, thank you very much. We were really happy with how our wealth business continued to perform, obviously 7% up for the past year as we benefited from the onboarding of UBS, partially offset by E-Trade. We do see continued momentum in ‘25 with really being at the high end of that 5% to 7% if we pulled out the E-Trade impact. Remember, E-Trade happened sort of a little bit after the end of the first quarter last year, so the first quarter this year will be impacted. Look, it is strong sales, and it is with clients who want to, we always call it ‘transform on their own terms,’ which is to be able to use a modular approach as a way to long-term transformation. And obviously, the sales are up 40% year-on-year. That was right near that sort of $20 million goal, so not at the 30, but near the 20. We really like though the pipeline of opportunities, and our pipeline right now is 30% higher than it was 12 months ago. And if you remember, that pipeline was up quite a bit over the pipeline the year before. So I think we're continuing to see that nice build. Then really, as we get into SIS in Canada, that's going to really add to the long-term opportunity. We're looking forward to being able to bring our investment on the wealth platform with SIS to accelerate and bring that to the Canadian market as well.
James Faucette: That's great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain : Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. It seems like the advisor target and CompSci deals are different from your prior or typical deals. As you noted, they are both small tuck-in in nature, as well as both of them are in digital areas. Should we expect more deals like this as your M&A priority over the near term?
Tim Gokey : Yeah, thanks Puneet. It's a great question. Just stepping back, I like talking about M&A, but let's just remember we're an organic growth company. Our growth is primarily organic. There's a long runway given the $60 billion TAM. But that said, as you pointed out, M&A has been an attractive way for us to meet new needs for clients. Remember, for context, we're calling for sort of 1 to 2 points from M&A over the long term. When you look at advisor target and CompSci, they are perfect examples of a buy versus build philosophy. When we look at an area where there's a client need that we think we're the right person to meet, then we look, do we have a platform that's really one that we can build on? Or is there, a really good set of entrepreneurs in the market who've taken something and gotten it to a place where then combining it with us would help them accelerate and help us fill out our product line. It's faster to buy it than it is to build it. So, that's been very successful for us in the past. When you think about sort of the mix of M&A going forward, it's interesting this year because you had AdvisorTarget and CompSci, but you also had SAS, which is a real company with real revenue, nice margins, and it's that sort of portfolio mix, and you've seen that over time. So we've been – we were really proud of our track record over time with M&A. We've done 40-some transactions, but it's always been disciplined in terms of the financial returns. It's always been very strategic in terms of the areas and how – why we're the best owner and those are the things that won't change.
Puneet Jain : Okay. Thank you. Then quickly if I can ask, like, is the duration of backlog, $450 million, any different from what it generally is and that has been in the past?
Ashima Ghei: Yeah. So Puneet, I'll take that. Our backlog includes a backlog in our ICS business and our GTO business. As you know, typically ICS sales convert a lot faster than on the GTO side. As we've looked at our revenue guidance for fiscal ‘25, we've taken some of that into account and the accounting on conversion from that sales backlog.
Tim Gokey : And Puneet, I'd just add that when you look at the revenue, and this is part of the prepared remarks, but the backlog as a share of recurring revenue, it's 11% this year. If you look back last year, it was 10%. So it's not dramatically different but incrementally better.
Puneet Jain : Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : Hey, good morning. A question on margins. I'm just kind of curious about the lack of margin expansion embedded within the fiscal ‘25 guide, given that the $1 million savings from restructuring I think would boost margins by 1.5%, all else equal. So maybe can you talk about or quantify the margin headwinds from distribution revenues and float income in fiscal ‘25, and then maybe bigger picture, how confident are you still in your kind of three-year, 50 basis points per year margin outlook?
Ashima Ghei : Thanks Patrick. I'll take that one. So you know this, Broadridge has a long history of being able to fund long-term investments, while delivering on our earnings objectives, and margin expansion is a super important part of that story. We've delivered on average 80 basis points of annual margin expansion over the last 10 years. Having said that, we do see margin expansion as a means to an end. What we are really focused on, is on delivering sustainable double-digit earnings growth, while investing in our long-term growth opportunities, both of which we effectively achieved in fiscal ‘24 and is what we are guiding towards for fiscal ‘25. So as we think about fiscal ‘25, you are right in pointing out, we're guiding to 20%. We do expect to see the impact of float income coming in lower. We've factored in a couple of rate cuts into our estimate. We expect the impact of distribution. But we do expect the benefits from the restructuring program that we just did and core margin expansion to allow us to fund our long-term growth investments, still getting us right on track with the 8% to 12% sustainable earnings growth.
Tim Gokey : And Patrick, I'll just add in that, and actually that was great. I think as you pointed out, we have overcome a number of, when you think about the three-year number of one-off impacts with VMAP [ph], with E-Trade, with rates coming down now. So there are a number of things. At the same time, we feel really good about the core margin expansion next year and no reason to see why that wouldn't continue to be the case in the future. I just step back to say we're an organic growth company. We think of every client as a 1990-year client, and part of that promise is always to be investing in what's next. That's a great formula for our clients, associates, and shareholders. So we are making investments in governance, in digital, voting choice, in the front office. We have the ability to flex those up and down. That's one of the ways we've been able to be really resilient over time.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Perfect. Thank you. And then just a quick clarifying question. So the 5% to 7% recurring revenue growth outlook for the year, that embeds 0.2% contribution from the two smaller tuck-ins and nothing from the SIS deal. Do I have that correct?
Ashima Ghei : That's correct.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey : Yeah, thank you operator. As you can tell, we believe that the Broadridge business model is resilient. That resulted in strong fiscal ‘24 results with outlook for another strong year in fiscal ‘25 and for a three-year period. We believe we're executing on a growth strategy. We have long-term trends behind us that we're very well positioned in a $60 billion and growing market. Thank you very much for your interest in our company. We look forward to reporting our next set of results to you later this fall.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's third quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our Chief Executive Officer; and our Chief Financial Officer, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard callouts. One, we'll be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. It's great to be here to review our third quarter results and update you on our full year outlook. Overall, I'm pleased with the performance of our business in a complex environment. We see a market in which the underlying fundamentals are solid, where capital markets and retail investor activity are beginning to strengthen, and where our clients are highlighting the need for continued technology investment. While all that is going on, those same clients are being careful with their spending as they weigh the new higher for longer scenario as well as other tail risks. These trends play to Broadridge's strength. Our testing is indicating that healthy markets are driving a pickup in investor participation and position growth, and are delivering innovative solutions across governance, capital markets and wealth. Sales continue to be strong, highlighting our clients' willingness to move ahead with solutions that address revenue, cost or regulatory needs. My conversations with clients make it clear that they see Broadridge as a partner in helping them grow their business and adapt to change. It's a strong position, and it will be further enhanced as we put our cash flow to work with a balance of capital returns and targeted M&A. So, let's dig into the quarter. First, Broadridge reported 4% recurring revenue growth and 9% adjusted EPS growth. Those results were modestly impacted by the timing of annual meetings, which pushed some governance revenues into the fourth quarter. Second, we continue to execute against our strategy to drive the democratization and digitization of investing, simplify and innovate trading, and modernize wealth management. Our strategy is supported by long-term trends, including position growth, which we continue to see in the mid to high single digit range. Third, that execution is coming through in our closed sales, which rose 29% in the quarter and are now up 19% year-to-date. We expect that positive momentum to continue in the fourth quarter. Fourth, we remain on track to achieve our objective for 100% free cash flow conversion for the full year. That positions us to use our capital to increase share repurchases and to fund strategic tuck-in M&A. Finally, as we move through our seasonally large fourth quarter, Broadridge is on track to deliver another year of steady and consistent growth, in line with our long-term financial objectives. We are reaffirming our outlook for fiscal '24, adjusted EPS at the middle of our 8% to 12% range, with recurring revenue growth at constant currency at the low end of our 6% to 9% range. With strong year-to-date sales, we also expect record closed sales of $280 million to $320 million. Now, let's turn from the headlines to slide four to review highlights of our execution, starting with our governance franchise. ICS recurring revenue rose 1% in the third quarter as the timing of regulatory communications impacted our quarterly growth. In regulatory communications, revenues were flat despite 5% equity position growth. As many of you know, the peak period for proxy communications falls right at the end of March, so any shift in the annual meeting schedule can have an impact on quarterly revenues. This year, with Easter in the last week of March instead of April last year, we saw a substantial number of companies push back to date for their annual meeting. That change led to a shift of regulatory revenue from March to April, or from the third to fourth quarter. This timing shift will have no impact on our full year results. Outside of timing, position growth trends were mixed. As I noted, equity position growth was 5%, in line with our testing, driven by double-digit growth in managed accounts. Fund and ETF record growth declined to negative 1% for the quarter. Quarterly fund position growth can vary more widely than the full year number, because it is impacted by the timing and types of communications that are distributed during any particular quarter. More broadly, the cumulative impact of lower fund flows and the shift to money market funds that began over a year ago has weighed on growth, especially for active funds. Year-to-date fund record growth was 2%. Looking ahead, fund flows are improving and our testing indicates a modest pickup in the fourth quarter. As Edmund will outline, for the year, we expect stock record growth of 6% and fund record growth of 3%. Driving and enabling the democratization of investing is a key part of our long-term growth strategy. There's no better opportunity to demonstrate that -- what that means than in a large and very visible proxy fight. As part of the Disney contest, Broadridge processed and distributed multiple rounds of communications to millions of registered and beneficial shareholders holding almost 2 billion shares on behalf of hundreds of our broker/dealer clients. Each vote was subject to multiple reviews and a process verified by an independent accounting firm so that all sides could be highly confident in the accuracy of the Broadridge votes. Vote tallies were available daily to all participants. The process culminated with an annual meeting posted on Broadridge's virtual shareholder meeting platform and the outcome was known immediately when the meeting closed. Contests like Disney are a great showcase for issuers, investors, our broker/dealer clients and regulators of how Broadridge's significant investments in technology and digital communications, combined with our commitment to accuracy, enhance investor confidence in our markets. Outside of highly visible contests, we continue to enhance investor engagement by supporting the growth and voting choice across funds. In recent months, we've gone live with five of the largest asset managers across a mix of both retail and institutional focused funds and ETFs. This, in turn, is leading to strong interest to extend this service from more asset managers and for a wider set of fund categories. We're also continuing the rollout of our tailored shareholder report solution as we help the funds industry navigate regulatory change. We're in production testing now and we go fully live beginning in July. Turning to capital markets. Revenues rose 8% to $266 million, driven by strong growth in BTCS, which continues to deliver on the pillars of our original acquisition case. During the quarter, we signed a leading U.S. and global bank as the first client for global futures and options SaaS platform. This new capability will build on our existing products and significantly expand our derivatives trading solutions. It also represents another step forward in our goal of expanding BTCS' capabilities across asset classes and to our U.S. client base, which was a key part of our long-term growth plan at the time of the acquisition. On the post-trade side, we completed the implementation of our global post-trade platform for a leading Nordic bank. Our platform consolidates the bank's legacy in-house systems, streamlining its operations across 25 European markets and 10 custodians across both equities and fixed income. This particular bank was a long-term BTCS client. So, it's also another example of leveraging our front office relationship to extend our solutions across the trade life cycle. We also continue to see nice traction with our digital ledger repo and in AI with our BondGPT and OpsGPT solutions. Turning now to Wealth and Investment Management. Revenues rose 11% to $159 million as strong growth from UBS and the license revenue was partially offset by the E-Trade transition. In the first full year since the rollout of our wealth platform, we are seeing significant interest in our broad suite of wealth capabilities, and that's driving strong sales momentum with year-to-date Wealth Investment Management sales up 75%. I'm especially pleased to see strong interest in Canada for wealth component capabilities. Canada accounts for approximately a third of our Wealth and Investment Management revenues, and we see a long-term opportunity to adapt our wealth tools for Canadian firms. Moving to sales. Closed sales rose 29% in the third quarter and are up 19% year-to-date. We benefited from strong sales of our digital and print solutions for the new tailored shareholder reports, and we continue to see significant print and digital opportunities in customer communications. Our pipeline remains at record levels as clients focus on solutions that drive revenue growth, like our front office trading tools, and meet their regulatory requirements like tailored shareholder reports. That combination of strong sales and a record pipeline is giving us increased confidence in our ability to achieve record closed sales in line of $280 million to $320 million full year guidance. Let's move to slide five for some additional thoughts on our quarter and outlook. First, we are poised to deliver another year of mid single digit organic recurring revenue growth and double-digit earnings growth, right in line with the long-term growth goals we laid out at our Investor Day in December. In a quarter impacted by the timing of annual meetings, we reported 9% adjusted EPS growth. Now one month into the fourth quarter, we have high visibility into our remaining volumes. For the full year, we're tracking to recurring revenue growth of 6%, adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10% and record closed sales. Second, our growth continues to be driven by long-term trends, increasing investor engagement, the demand for digitization, accelerating trading, regulatory change, leveraging data and AI, and the need to modernize wealth management have all combined to drive strong sales over the first three quarters. As a result, we're going into our largest sales quarter with a strong pipeline and increasing visibility. Position growth has moved from pandemic highs and overall trends remain in line with the mid to high single digit growth rate of the past decade. Looking beyond the fourth quarter, the outlook for financial services firms appears to be improving. Capital markets activity is picking up and innovation is driving sales growth as our clients increase their level of investment. At the same time, strong equity markets are driving investor engagement and fund investors are beginning to rotate out of money market funds, both of which bode well for future position growth. Third, we're executing on our growth strategy. We are driving shareholder engagement and governance, enhancing our digital capabilities and customer communications, delivering innovative new capabilities in capital markets and are expanding our ability to drive growth and wealth across North America. We're also investing to strengthen our product teams, sales capabilities and technology capabilities including of course AI. Fourth, we're on track to achieve our 100% free cash flow conversion objective and the combination of strong free cash flow and our investment-grade balance sheet positions us to return additional capital to shareholders. We're also seeing a growing number of attractive M&A opportunities to further complement our organic growth. Finally, Broadridge remains well-positioned to drive long-term growth. We remain on track to deliver on our three-year growth objectives of 7% to 9% recurring revenue growth constant currency, 5% to 8% organic, and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth with fiscal '24 right in line with those goals. And with continued execution supported by long-term demand trends, we are well-positioned to continue to grow beyond FY '26 as we attack our $60 billion and growing market opportunity. I want to close by thanking our associates around the world. The market for what we do continues to evolve and Broadridge will be evolving as well. We're seizing the opportunities in front of us. And your focus on serving our clients, as shown by our strong accomplishments this quarter and over a long period, continues to set us apart. Thank you. And with that, let me turn it over to Edmund.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that I'm pleased with the third quarter results relative to our full year guidance. While third quarter recurring revenue growth was impacted by the timing of annual meetings, we are entering the seasonally larger fourth quarter in a strong position. Through three quarters, we reported 6% recurring revenue growth, 11% adjusted EPS growth, and have received 98% of proxy records through April. That gives us a high confidence interval in our ability to deliver 6% recurring revenue growth, approximately 20% adjusted operating income margin and adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10%. Of equal importance is our cash flow performance for the year. We are on track for 100% free cash flow conversion, which will allow us to return a total of $700 million to $800 million to shareholders through the dividend and with share repurchases of $350 million to $450 million. So, with clarity on fiscal 2024, in my view, what matters most to achieving our three-year financial objectives are the wins that we have at our back, which are driving positive momentum in the business. First, closed sales through the first three quarters are up 19% over last year. And our healthy pipeline reinforces our conviction that we will achieve 15% to 30% sales growth in our full year '24 guidance. Second, while our testing shows 6% equity and 3% fund and ETF position growth for full year '24, the early testing for Q1 '25 is consistent with more recent increased retail market activity and our long-term outlook of mid to high single digit growth. Third, we continue to focus on actively managing our expenses and finalizing our restructuring effort in the fourth quarter to create investment capacity for organic growth in fiscal '25 and '26, while delivering continued earnings growth. Finally, our free cash flow conversion is definitively back at historical levels, positioning us to supplement our organic growth with accretive tuck-in M&A or return capital to shareholders. As a result, when I look ahead, I see strong momentum in the Broadridge business. Strong closed sales, driving five to eight points of growth from new sales, position growth supporting two to three points from internal growth, M&A investment contributing additional growth, and active expense discipline that will enable Broadridge to continue to invest in organic growth and deliver continued earnings growth. We continue to execute the Broadridge financial model and that gives me confidence that we remain on track to deliver again on our three-year financial objectives and on mid- to high teens ROIC. So, now turning to the financial summary on slide six. You see the performance for the third quarter. Recurring revenue rose to $1.1 billion, up 4% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 7%. And AOI margins of 21.4% expanded 40 basis points. And adjusted EPS rose 9% to $2.23. Finally, as Tim noted, we delivered third quarter closed sales of $80 million, up 29% over Q3 '23. On slide seven, you see that recurring revenue grew 4% to $1.1 billion in Q3 '24. Recurring revenue growth driven by converting our backlog to revenue and growth in GTO was impacted by proxy communications that were delayed into our fiscal Q4. So, for more context on this point, March is typically a heavy month for proxy communications, accounting for almost a quarter of our full year positions. As Tim mentioned, in 2024, we saw a modest delay in the timing of annual meetings, which pushed volumes from March into April. While that lowered our Q3 revenue, we have since processed virtually all of those delayed positions, and that will benefit regulatory revenue in the fourth quarter. On slide eight, we can see recurring revenue growth across our ICS and GTO segments. In Q3, ICS recurring revenue grew 1% largely impacted by the quarterly noise that I just mentioned. Regulatory revenue was flat as mid single digit equity position growth in revenue from sales were partially offset by the timing of the annual meetings. As I explained earlier, while these timing variances have no real impact on full year revenues, they can result in quarters that vary from our reported position growth. We continue to expect full year regulatory revenues to be in line with mid single digit position growth. Data driven fund solutions revenue increased by 4% due to higher float revenue in our retirement and workplace products as well as growth in our data and analytics products. Issuer revenue was up 3% driven by strong sales of our disclosure solutions and higher float income in our registered shareholder solutions. Our Q3 registered shareholder solutions were also impacted by the timing of the annual meeting cycle. So, I will note that the issuer business has grown 10% year-to-date and we still expect high single digit full year revenue growth. Customer communications revenue rose 1% as growth in higher margin digital revenue was offset by the lower growth of lower margin print. We expect volumes to increase in the fourth quarter as we onboard new clients. For the full year, we expect low single digit top line growth driven by double-digit growth of higher margin digital revenue and low single digit print growth. This is in line with our print-to-digital strategy, which should yield expanding margins and continued low double-digit earnings growth. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect ICS at the high-end of our organic growth objectives, with recurring revenue growth of 7% to 9%, driven in part by the benefit of timing differences. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenue grew 9% to $425 million. Capital markets revenue increased 8%, led by new sales in higher equity and fixed income trading volumes. I will also note that we continued to see strong performance in our front office BTCS solutions, which again had double-digit recurring revenue growth in the third quarter. Wealth and Investment Management revenue grew 11%, powered by the UBS contract and higher license revenue, partially offset by the E-Trade transition, which began late in the fiscal first quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to expect capital markets growth in the fourth quarter to be impacted by growing over high Q4 '23 license revenue. And we will also have another full quarter impact from the E-Trade transition in our wealth business. That said, GTO recurring revenue growth is 9% year-to-date, giving us high confidence that full year growth will be well within our 5% to 8% organic growth objectives for both businesses. Turning to slide nine for a discussion of volume trends. Equity position growth was 5% in the quarter, in line with our testing. Growth was driven by continued double-digit growth in managed accounts. We are now in the peak period for annual meetings and proxies. And through the end of April, we've received record data for 98% of proxies that are expected for the year. This data gives us high confidence in our outlook for position growth. For the full year, we expect equity position growth of approximately 6%. And while still early, our testing data is extending in the Q1 '25 and is showing mid single digit growth, continuing to support our outlook for mid to high single digit equity position growth. We continue to be encouraged by expanding investor participation in financial markets serving as a long-term tailwind that drives growth in our business. Fund and ETF positions declined by 1%. For the full year, we expect position growth of 3% with slower growth in passive funds and declines in active funds. Turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes grew 11% on a blended basis in Q3. Once again, we saw a difference in asset classes with increased volatility driving double-digit fixed income volume growth, now 11 consecutive quarters, and more modest equity volume growth. Let's now move to slide 10 for the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenue grew 4% constant currency. Revenue from net new business contributed three points of growth. Internal growth, primarily trading volumes, expanding client relationships and float income, offset by the timing of proxy communications, contributed one point. Foreign exchange had a non-material 20 basis point positive impact on recurring revenue growth and based on current rates, we expect a similar benefit in full year recurring revenue growth, relative to fiscal year '23. I'll wrap up the revenue discussion with a view of total revenue on slide 11. Total revenue grew 5% in Q3 to $1.7 billion, with recurring revenue being the largest contributor, delivering three points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenues contributed one point to total revenue growth. Distribution revenue grew 4% due to postal rate increases, which are a headwind to our adjusted operating income margin. We continue to expect distribution revenue to grow in the high single digit range, driven by the continued impact of postal rate increases. Event driven revenue was $67 million, up 29% over last year and adding one point to revenue growth. As anticipated, we saw more normalized levels of mutual fund proxy activity and elevated contest activity, including our work with Disney in Q3. With the combination of increased mutual fund proxy activity and higher contest activity, we now expect $260 million to $280 million in full year event driven revenue. In our Q2 call, we mentioned that we expected event driven revenue to trend above our historical levels for the full year. We modestly increased growth investments in Q2 based on the above trend event driven revenue. We continue to make investments in Q3 as we are committed to investing in long-term growth, while still delivering on our short-term fiscal '24 adjusted EPS guidance. Turning now to margins on slide 12; adjusted operating income margin was up 40 basis points from prior year to 21.4%. The net impact of higher distribution revenue and higher float income, which have an immaterial impact on earnings growth as I detailed at Investor Day, increased margins by 20 basis points in the quarter. Adjusted operating income margin continued to benefit from the operating leverage on our higher recurring and event revenue and the benefit from our restructuring initiative that we began in Q4 '23 to realign some of our businesses and streamline our management structure. As part of the initiative, we exited a small non-core GTO business in Q3 '24 and we remain on track to complete the restructuring initiative and have the remaining restructuring charge by the end of the fiscal year. The restructuring charges are excluded from our calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. We have a long track record of disciplined expense management. This discipline, along with the operating leverage inherent in our business model, allows us to invest in long-term growth investments and meet our earnings growth objectives. Looking ahead, we continue to expect adjusted operating income margin to increase year-over-year to approximately 20%. Let's move ahead to closed sales on slide 13. Third quarter closed sales were $80 million, up 29% from $62 million in Q3 2023, and bringing our year-to-date total to $185 million, 19% above Q3 year-to-date '23. Our strong performance on closed sales has been in product areas where we've been investing and innovating, such as tailored shareholder reports, BTCS, and wealth. We continue to see clients willing to invest in areas that either drive revenue, lower cost or address regulatory requirements. With the performance through three quarters and our five-year history of closing on average 40% of full year sales in the fourth quarter, we continue to have high confidence in meeting our full year guidance of $280 million to $320 million, again, strengthening our revenue backlog and providing strong momentum entering fiscal year '25. I'll turn now to free cash flow on slide 14. Q3 '24 free cash flow was $167 million, $5 million better than last year. Through three quarters, free cash flow is a positive $259 million, relative to $47 million in the first nine months of 2023. These results are being driven by our continued strong earnings growth and lower client platform spend. Free cash flow conversion was 108% in Q3 '24, up from 63% last year. This is consistent with our expectations and has us on track for free cash flow conversion of 100% for fiscal year '24. On slide 15, you can see that over the first nine months of the year, we invested $109 million on our technology platforms and converting clients to our platforms. Additionally, before option proceeds, we returned $424 million in capital to shareholders due to dividend and share repurchases year-to-date. And given our expectations for 100% free cash flow conversion, we are positioned to return additional capital to shareholders in fiscal year '24. We continue to estimate $350 million to $450 million in total share repurchases for the full year, which includes an additional $200 million to $300 million in the fourth quarter. And let me put this into context for you. While we are still early in this current fiscal '24 to fiscal '26 three-year cycle, our capital allocation is unfolding right in line with our expectations. As I said at Investor Day, we are in a strong capital position, on track to generate approximately $3 billion of free cash flow, with another $1 billion available at our 2.5 times leverage objective. After the dividend, we are off to a strong start, balancing investment for growth with capital return to shareholders, which we expect to reach $700 million to $800 million this year and we remain well-positioned to execute accretive tuck-in M&A. We expect that this balanced capital allocation will increase ROIC to mid to high-teens level over the next three years. Turning to guidance on slide 16. We continue to execute the Broadridge financial model in fiscal '24. With two months left and high visibility in the fiscal '24 position growth, we expect recurring revenue growth constant currency to be approximately 6% for the full year, at the low end of our guidance range. We continue to expect AOI margin expansion to approximately 20%. Adjusted EPS growth at the middle of our 8% to 12% range, and closed sales of $280 million to $320 million and I'll also note that we remain on track to drive 100% free cash flow conversion and have capital return of $700 million to $800 million through dividends and share repurchases in fiscal 2024. To bring all of this together and highlight what it means to our financial objectives, I will conclude by emphasizing what I said earlier. First, the results through the third quarter and the visibility into the fourth quarter, give us confidence in delivering a fiscal 2024 in line with our guidance, marking a strong start to the fiscal '24 to fiscal '26 three-year cycle. Second, we have positive momentum in our business, including strong sales demand, growing investor participation, the actions we are taking to create investment capacity and sustain our steady and consistent growth, additionally, we have the capital capacity for accretive tuck-in M&A to supplement our organic growth. Finally, those two items, fiscal year '24 performance and positive forward momentum, position us to deliver on our three-year financial objective. And with that, let's take your questions. Andrea?
Q - David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. I'll ask my question and the follow-up both upfront. So first, given the solid early demand for OpsGPT and BondGPT, where do you see the biggest opportunity to increase Gen AI-related product development? And then the follow-up, since you've deleveraged the balance sheet, now we're a few years post the Itiviti acquisition, where do you see the greatest white space for your acquisition opportunities?
Tim Gokey: David, thank you very much. It's Tim and thank you for the question on AI. It's an area that we're pretty excited about, as you know and we have talked about being a leader in AI in our space. We've talked about how we're bringing that to -- really into all of our products. We think in the future, every product will be part -- will have AI as part of it and then to introduce commercial products as well and use it for internal efficiency, and do all that in a safe way. We are really pleased by the progress of OpsGPT and BondGPT. With OpsGPT, we're in production with our first client and we're actively engaged with another five. BondGPT, we have three proofs-of-concepts underway, eight additional discussions. So there's lots of good activity around those. We're also doing things in the asset management side with our global demand model, where we have six of the largest 50 asset managers already signed up and an additional 10 of the largest 100 in contracting. So, I think people are really attracted to these use cases. When we see sort of the biggest areas going forward, I think it's really deepening in these sort of unique areas that -- where it really makes sense for us to be the one to invest. It doesn't make sense for others to invest in the sort of depth of capital markets or in some of these marketing areas in asset management and we think there's real opportunity for us there. We're excited about how it's going to drive things in the fixed income world. When you think about this in the future, it's really there will be a commodity part of it where it's part of just having a good product, and then there will be a more exclusive part of it where, if you have proprietary data, you can really leverage something and create something unique and we think there are definitely areas where we have proprietary data. So we continue to be excited about AI. It will be a while for it to sort of begin to show in the economics, but we begin to be excited about it. I think on the M&A side, let me just turn to that, I think that's a really important question and David, as you know, our growth is primarily organic and we have a long runway for that with the $60 billion market opportunity and as you know, our three-year objective for M&A is sort of one point to two points and we've been on this sort of pause post our BTCS acquisition, but now as you point out, having reached our leverage and our free cash flow conversion goals, we do have flexibility to invest. And I think in past calls, I have been cautious about buyers and sellers coming together on price and I do think now, looking at the market that, that logjam is beginning to break up. We are beginning to see more tuck-in opportunities that have the potential to meet both our strategic and financial criteria and as you know, we always look for opportunities that tightly align with our strategy where we're the right owner and that's IRR sort of in the really attractive mid-to-high teens well in excess of our cost of capital. So we do think that there will be opportunities this year. We think there'll be opportunities when you look across the areas that we do. Wealth management has some very interesting things going on. Data and analytics have some very interesting things going on and we're beginning to see all the PE firms really polishing up their properties to make them look attractive to strategics like ourselves and so we think there will be a stream of opportunities. We'll be very, very selective. If you see us do something, you'll know that we're doing it because it's very attractive and will -- and enough opportunities out there that we can be very disciplined in doing things that we think will have very good returns for shareholders.
Edmund Reese: And I'll just add, Tim, the opportunities are out there. David, we have two months left in this fiscal year, which is why I highlight the fact that the majority of our capital will be allocated towards share repurchases in this fiscal year, but as I said a number of times in my prepared remarks, we're in a really, really strong position because of the point that you made on being at the right leverage ratio and the capital we're generating through our free cash flow. So as Tim said, there are very attractive opportunities out there as we go into our next fiscal year and I think we'll be in a great capital position to be able to supplement our organic growth with M&A.
David Togut: Understood. Thanks so much, Tim and Edmund.
Operator: The next question comes from Will Vu of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
William Vu: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. This is Will on for Darrin here. I had two related to some of the bookings trends. First and foremost, you guys in the past have talked about some of the underlying bookings being more -- or being less transformative. And I was curious as to if you guys can comment on some of the more recent characteristics within your pipeline. Are you seeing any deal sizes expanding or any of that. And then my second question being, as we look on the wealth management side, kind of curious how -- what opportunities are really resonating with some of your prospective customers that you're seeing on this end? Thanks.
Tim Gokey: Will, thanks. It's Tim. I'll take those. I think on the booking trends, we are -- I do think that the main thrust continues to be lots of, I don't want to say exactly bite-sized opportunities, but very manageably-sized opportunities. And so we do have some that are, call it, more than $5 million, but we don't have any of these sort of mega things that will take many years to influence. So we really feel good about sort of that flow that we're seeing. We are seeing in areas of demand, and I mentioned this a little bit in the script, but we're seeing it around things that will drive revenue, certainly on the BTCS side, certainly around adviser tools, securities class action, other things that really drive revenue nicely. We're seeing things that drive costs, lots of activity around print to digital and of course, regulatory with tailored shareholder report. So all areas that really align with the investments that we've been making and so that really makes us feel good about the return on the investments that we're going to see. And I think that, that really -- your sort of second part of the question was about wealth management and I think that is just emblematic of getting return on areas where we've made significant investments. As you know, a very attractive market, we've talked about the $16 billion market, how it's growing, and we're getting really good traction with a whole series of component sales. Our sales were up 75% for the year. Our current pipeline is over $200 million. And when you say sort of what opportunities are people looking for, I think that it's a combination of each has sort of a different specific pain point and want to address it, but at the same time, they're looking to sort of say, how do I begin to put in place a digital road map and sort of a North Star that they can build to over time? So, I think the open API framework, the enterprise integration service layer, all of those things in terms of how we can bring things together, they really like that as a vision. Meanwhile, they tend to say, let me start with an existing pain point like tax, like client onboarding, like corporate actions, some things that are very tangible. And so we have great conversations going on both here in the US, but also lots of good conversations in Canada. So we feel really good about the outlook there.
William Vu: That's great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey. Good morning, guys. When you kind of think about the factors that are driving 6% recurring revenue growth this fiscal year as compared to the high end of your range of 9%, what are the factors that are kind of resulting in revenue coming towards the lower end of the range and then how does that inform your outlook point for next year?
Edmund Reese: Good morning, Patrick. Thanks for that question. I did want an opportunity to dive deeper into that. So, thanks for the question. We are tracking, to your point, 6% at the low end of what I would highlight is a strong organic recurring revenue range and there are two items that are really impacting that. First, I would say, is position growth. You know that our outlook was mid to high single digit position growth, and you just heard both Tim and I talk about 6% equity position growth and fund growth at about 3% for the full year. So that's one thing relative to the outlook that we had. The second, as you know, a strong component of our recurring revenue growth is converting sales to revenue and there I'd highlight lower revenue in our customer communications business. But again, you heard me talk about starting to see that tick up in the fourth quarter as we onboard new clients. So, I think the key point for me is that we do have positive momentum going into fiscal '25 and '26 with sales, which impacts next year revenue, estimated to be up 15% to 30%, and position growth starting to tick up. I was very deliberate about mentioning Q1 '25 testing data showing mid single digit at this point. I think that's a good trend, because as we know, it normally ticks up. So, look, delivering 6% in fiscal '24 and momentum going into fiscal '25, I think has us in a pretty good place relative to the three-year objectives. The second part of your question is like would it -- it's all focused on the go forward and what it means for the outlook. And for me, as you know, I like to put that in terms of our three-year objectives. And as I just mentioned, we have great line of sight into fiscal year '24. And I would say that's a strong start on the three-year cycle. And I'll just remind you, we're coming off a year of 7% recurring revenue growth and 9% adjusted EPS growth, and now sort of on track to deliver approximately 6% and 10%, respectively. And so, those numbers are right in line with our guidance, right in line with the growth algorithm as we think about the long-term objective. And I just talked about the drivers of growth being stable and the momentum that we have moving forward. So, we feel good about where we are relative to the three-year objectives. And as our usual practice, we'll come back and talk more specifically about '25 in a more robust way on our Q4 call.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. I appreciate that. A quick follow-up. Just to make sure I'm understanding your commentary on timing and shareholder meetings getting pushed into April from March. So that would show up in the regulatory revenues line and the issuer revenues line, but no impact to data driven fund solutions or customer communications. Am I understanding that correctly?
Edmund Reese: That's primarily right. You're very astute in picking it up. Those are the two areas that we called out. So, you'll see it in both of those businesses in the registered shareholder solutions and issuer, and then obviously, the regulatory business.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: All right. terrific. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Tim Gokey: Thank you very much, Andrea. Thank you to everyone on the call. Thank you for your interest in Broadridge. As I said earlier, we're now well into our seasonally largest quarter. We're looking to delivering full year results, as Edmund just said, of 6% recurring revenue growth, double-digit EPS growth. That's going to mark a strong start to our three-year objectives. And we will look forward to seeing you in August.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Second Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault : Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's second quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our Chief Financial Officer, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard call-outs. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey : Thank you, Edings. Good morning, and it was great reconnecting with so many of you at our Investor Day in December. As you heard, we are more optimistic than ever about the near- and long-term growth opportunity that lies ahead. You'll hear many of those same themes today as I discuss our positive second quarter results and fiscal year outlook. Before I do, let me comment on the unique and complex moment in which we find ourselves. At Davos 2 weeks ago, it was energizing to talk with our senior clients about the opportunities and challenges they see ahead. A lot of the discussion was on the promise of AI and how we move our industry forward. Broadridge's recent announcement of OpsGPT to leverage generative AI to transform Capital Markets operations was particularly timely. At the same time, the geopolitical challenges and uncertainties in the environment are clear which makes our highly recurring and resilient business model, all the more attractive. Against this backdrop, it was rewarding to hear our clients continues to think of Broadridge as an important partner for innovation and growth as well as for efficiency and resilience. And with that, let me turn to the quarter. First, Broadridge's second quarter results marked another step toward our growth plans for both fiscal '24 and the next 3 years with healthy organic growth across both segments that was in line with our long-term goals. Second, physician growth trends remained positive, with stronger fund position growth and mid-single-digit equity position growth. Third, we are executing against the growth plan we shared last month at our Investor Day by driving the democratization and digitization of investing, simplifying and innovating trading and modernizing wealth management. Fourth, we generated strong free cash flow in the quarter, keeping us on track to achieve our 100% FY '24 conversion objective and Edmund will discuss return more capital to shareholders. Finally, as we enter the seasonally larger second half of our fiscal year, we expect to deliver another strong set of results. We are reaffirming our guidance for 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth, and importantly, strong closed sales. Now let's turn from the headlines to Slide 4 to review our results, starting with our governance franchise. ICS recurring revenue rose 6% in the second quarter. New sales were the biggest driver of growth, a direct result of our focus on delivering innovation across our governance business. We are seeing growth from adding new broker-dealer clients and from sales of our global insights data to asset managers. We're seeing continued momentum in our regulatory composition and disclosure business, and we're benefiting from a strong growth in our digital solutions and customer communications. Increasing investor participation remains an important driver for our regulatory revenues, which rose 8% in the second quarter with mid-single-digit position growth across both equities and funds. In a seasonally small quarter, equity position growth was 6%. The biggest driver continues to be managed accounts, which represent just under 50% of physicians and which continues to grow at double digits compared to low single-digit growth for self-directed accounts. Fund and ETF physician growth increased from last quarter to 5%, and the slowdown in the growth of passive funds was offset by a pickup in the number of active fund positions. Looking ahead, as Edmund will outline, we expect mid-single-digit physician growth in the second half in both equities and funds as investor participation remains healthy. In December, you also heard us discuss the growth opportunities in our other ICS product lines. In Q2, we saw strong growth across issuer and data-driven fund solutions. In customer communications, strong growth in high-margin digital revenue offset lower print. I was particularly pleased with the continued digital transition as you all recall, is a key part of our strategy. In Q2, a significant proportion of this transition was driven by the successful onboarding of one of the largest U.S. wealth managers to our wealth and focused platform. This is a platform we highlighted at our Investor Day, and it was great to see our printed digital strategy playing out.  Four months then, wealth and focus is delivering lower costs and increased investor engagement for our client with industry-leading open rates and click-throughs. Capital markets revenues rose 10% to $262 million. Our focus on optimizing trading and connectivity in the front office continues to pay dividends in the form of strong growth in BTCS. On the post-trade side, we were helping to simplify our clients' back-office technology. I was pleased to see a new win at a regional bank who will be using multiple Broadridge products to drive their transition to self-clearing. We also continue to drive innovation in capital markets with distributed ledger and AI capabilities. Early this month, we launched our OpsGPT AI solution. OpsGPT uses generative AI to synthesize complex transactions, settlements and physicians data to enhance clients' sales resolution. As clients focus on reducing the cost and complexity of their operations, especially in the accelerated world of T+1, they see Broadridge as a natural partner given our deep subject matter expertise and early investment to leverage AI. This progress in innovation, combined with strong BTCS sales in the front office and wins in the back office reinforces how we are successfully helping our clients simplify and innovate in trading. Turning now to wealth and investment management. Revenues rose 4% to $143 million as strong growth from UBS was partially offset by the E-Trade transition. In early January, we onboarded the first client for alternatives workflow module. As you know, alternatives are one of the fastest-growing asset classes. Wealth managers are offering these products to a rapidly growing set of investors. But many of the back-office processes remain antiquated. We are seeing strong interest in alternatives workflow as wealth firms seek to address this growing opportunity and challenge. Moving to closed sales. Closed sales rose 12% for the first half.  As you know, the second half of the year typically accounts for the bulk of our closed sales. And I'm pleased to note that our current pipeline sits at record levels. As important, we're starting to see more movement within the pipeline, increasing our confidence in the second half. While our clients remain cautious, we are seeing them invest in products that drive revenue, improve productivity and meet regulatory requirements, which plays to the strength of our solutions. In governance, we have built a strong pipeline around our digital and print solutions for the new tailored shareholder reports. We're also experiencing increasing demand for our global insight data products from asset managers and we continue to see significant print and digital opportunities in customer communications. Capital markets clients are beginning to look to a world beyond the implementation of T+1, which is driving growing interest in our post-trade capabilities. And in wealth, we saw significant sales in the first half as we begin to convert our strong pipeline. The net result is that we remain on track to deliver strong closed sales for the year, in line with our guidance of $280 million to $320 million. Let's move to Slide 5 for some final thoughts on our quarter and outlook. First, I'll reiterate that Broadridge delivered second quarter results that keep us on track for continued growth with more than 6% recurring revenue growth constant currency and strong free cash flow. Second, those of you who attended our Investor Day last month, heard me talk about how we have made investments over the years to align our business with clear long-term growth trends, including the democratization of investing, the digitization of communications, the acceleration of trading, the growing importance of data in AI and an evolving regulatory environment. Being aligned with those drivers enables us to help our clients operate, innovate and grow. And in so doing, deliver steady and consistent growth for our investors. This quarter again illustrated how we are executing against those priorities in governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management. Among these drivers, AI, in particular, has the potential to drive step changes in client outcomes. We have committed to be a leader in AI within our space. In the not-distant future, AI will be incorporated into all products, and we are at work doing that across Broadridge. More fundamentally, companies with unique data will be in a differentiated position. And we believe that our position at the center of financial services gives us a unique opportunity to provide industry solutions that will make a difference. That's a win-win formula for our clients and our shareholders. The products we've already introduced, including BondGPT, OpsGPT and distribution AI are a first step in that direction. Third, based on all that progress, we are reiterating our guidance for both recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth as well as our outlook for closed sales for the full fiscal year. Fourth, we remain on track to deliver free cash flow conversion of 100% this year, while funding the internal investment we need to continue to deliver innovation to our clients. That's an approach that will enable us to retain our investment-grade rating, fund internal investment and deliver a strong and growing dividend, while we execute strategic tuck-in M&A and as Edmund will discuss return additional capital to shareholders. And that brings me to my last point, which is that Broadridge is well positioned to deliver on the 3-year financial objectives we laid out in December, including 79% recurring revenue growth, constant currency, 5% to 8% of which are organic, 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth as well as to continue to grow beyond FY '26 as we attack our $60 billion and growing market opportunity. Before I close, I want to thank our 15,000 talented, knowledgeable and hard-working associates. Yesterday, Broadridge was recognized as one of Fortune's most admired companies. This is the tenth time we've been recognized and that's a direct result of our associates' commitment delivering great service, resiliency and innovation that makes our clients and our industry stronger, and that enables better financial lives for millions of investors every day. Thank you. And with that, let me turn it over to Edmund.
Edmund Reese : Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased to be here to discuss the results for the second quarter. But before moving into the detailed review, it's important to highlight with the first half signals. For the seasonally larger second half and full year fiscal '24. First, we continue to execute the Broadridge Financial model in the second quarter results have us right on track to deliver another strong year of recurring revenue growth, margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth, right in line with our guidance. Second, strong free cash flow of positive $91 million through 2 quarters highlights the capital-light nature of our business and increases our confidence and our 100% free cash flow conversion objective in fiscal '24. Third, the combination of strong free cash flow and modest M&A in fiscal '24, means that we expect higher capital return to shareholders through increased share repurchases in the second half of fiscal '24. And finally, the demand for our products is strong. First half sales were up 12% over last year, and our pipeline and current client discussions reinforce our conviction that we will meet our full year objectives. Additionally, our equity position testing shows mid-single-digit growth for the full year. So we continue to be encouraged by expanding investor participation in the financial markets, serving as a long-term tailwind for our business. These 4 items are the meaningful and significant signals from our results and the performance through the first half. So now turning to the financial summary on Slide 6, you see the performance for the second quarter.  Recurring revenues rose to $899 million, up 6% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 1% as we modestly increased growth investments given above-trend event-driven revenue. AOI margin declined 100 basis points to 12.4%. Adjusted EPS was up 1% to $0.92. And finally, we delivered closed sales of $58 million in the quarter, bringing our first half total to $106 million up 12% over the first half of fiscal '23. Let's get into the details of these results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 7. Recurring revenue was within our full year guidance range and grew 6% to $899 million in Q2 '24. Our recurring revenue growth was driven by a combination of converting our backlog to revenue, fund position growth in ICS and double-digit trade volume growth in GTO. And on Slide 8, we can see recurring revenue growth across our ICS and GTO segments. ICS recurring revenue grew 6% to $493 million, driven by new sales, position growth and float income. Regulatory revenue grew 8%, led by healthy fund and equity position growth and revenue from new sales. Data-driven Fund Solutions' revenue increased by 9% due to higher float revenue in our retirement and workplace products as well as growth in our data and analytics products. Issuer revenue was up 15%, driven by higher float income in our registered shareholder solutions and revenue from strong sales of our disclosure solutions. Customer Communications revenue was flat, with strong growth in higher-margin digital business was offset by a decline in lower margin print revenues. We expect print volumes to increase in the second half of fiscal '24 as we onboard new clients. And I will again pause here to note that customer communications continues to execute on its print to digital strategy, replacing declining print volumes with higher-margin digital revenues. Over the long term, we expect the combination to result in low single-digit top line growth with expanding margins and continued low double-digit earnings growth. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenue grew 8% to $405 million. Capital markets revenue increased 10%, led by new sales in equity and fixed income trading volume growth. I'll also note the continued strong performance in our front office BTCS solutions, which again had double-digit recurring revenue growth. Wealth and investment management revenue grew 4% as revenue from the UBS contract was partially offset by the successful transition of E-Trade to the Morgan Stanley platform. which occurred late in the fiscal first quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to have high confidence in both businesses and full year GTO growth being in line with our 5% to 8% organic growth objective. With second half growth in both capital markets and wealth more weighted to the third quarter, driven by the timing of license revenues relative to last year. Turning to Slide 9 for a discussion of volume trends. Position growth for both equity and funds remained at healthy levels in the second quarter. The long-term trends that we highlighted at Investor Day, more investor participation in financial markets and more positions per investor underpin that growth. Equity position growth was 6%, driven primarily by double-digit managed account growth and more modest growth in self-directed accounts. As we approach the spring proxy season, which typically generates over 80% of our equity communications, our testing is now extending into the second half of the year, giving us insight on the full year relative to our mid- to high single-digit range. Equity position testing shows mid-single-digit growth for the second half of the year. As a result, we now expect mid-single-digit position growth for the full year of fiscal '24 keeping us on track to deliver our guidance of 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth. Mutual fund and ETF position growth improved from Q1 '23 to 5%, again driven by passive funds. We expect to see continued mid-single-digit growth for the second half of the year. And turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes rose 12% on a blended basis with strong growth in fixed income trading volumes, which benefited our capital markets revenue. And let's now move to Slide 10 for the recurring revenue growth drivers. Recurring revenue growth of 6% constant currency was all organic and in line with our 5% to 8% 3-year organic growth objective. As I mentioned during Investor Day, we have a decade-long history of delivering 6 points or better of revenue from closed sales each year. In Q2 '24 had 8 points of contribution with 6 points in ICS and 10 points in GTO, including a boost from wealth management. With continued high retention from existing customers, revenue from net new business contributed 4 points of growth. Internal growth contributed 2 points to recurring revenue growth, including 1 point from position growth. Foreign exchange had a 0.5 point benefit on recurring revenue growth. So I'll wrap up the revenue discussion with a view of total revenue on Slide 11. Total revenues grew 9% in Q2 to $1.4 billion, with recurring revenue being the largest contributor powering 4 points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenues contributed 3 points to total revenue growth. Distribution revenue grew 9%, primarily due to postal rate increases which are a headwind to our adjusted operating income margin. We continue to expect distribution revenue to grow in the high single to low double-digit range, driven by further postal rate increases. Event-driven revenue was $55 million and added 1 point to growth. As anticipated, we saw more normalized levels of mutual fund proxy activity compared to lower levels in Q2 '23, driving a 47% increase in event-driven revenue over last year. I will also note that while contest activity is immaterial through the first half of the year, we expect the combination of increased mutual fund proxy activity and higher contest activity will now have us trending modestly above our historical $230 million to $250 million level for the full year. As I mentioned earlier, we have the flexibility to ramp up or ramp down investments based on performance, and we modestly increased growth investments in Q2 based on the above trend event-driven revenue. We are well positioned to stay committed to investing in long-term growth while still delivering our short-term fiscal '24 adjusted EPS guidance. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was down 100 basis points from prior year to 12.4%. Adjusted operating income margin continued to benefit from the operating leverage on our higher recurring in event revenue and the benefit from the Q4 '23 restructuring initiative to realign some of our businesses, and streamline our management structure. The net impact of higher distribution revenue and higher float income, which have an immaterial impact on earnings growth as I detailed at the Investor Day, contributed the positive impact of 45 basis points in the quarter. Those benefits were offset by the timing of other expense items and the impact of our growth investments as our outlook on the full year gave us the confidence to invest in product enhancements in our digital technology platforms. Looking ahead, we continue to expect adjusted operating income margin to increase year-over-year to approximately 20%. And I'll remind you that we remain focused on disciplined expense management and creating investment capacity. So we continue to expect to complete the restructuring initiative that began in Q4 '23 and have the remaining restructuring charge by the end of the fiscal year. This restructuring charge will be excluded from our calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. Let's move ahead to close sales on Slide 13. Closed sales were $58 million in the quarter, bringing the first half total to $106 million, up 12% from the first half of 2023. I was also pleased to see a strong start to the second half with continued sales growth in January. More importantly, the pipeline momentum that Tim mentioned gives us increased confidence in meeting our full year objective. And I'll turn now to free cash flow on Slide 14. Q2 '24 free cash flow was $168 million, $64 million better than last year. For the first half, free cash flow is a positive $91 million relative to the negative $115 million in the first half of 2023. These results are being driven by our continued strong earnings growth and lower client platform spend. Free cash flow conversion, calculated this trailing 12-month free cash flow over adjusted net earnings was 110% in Q2 '24 up from 51% last year. This is consistent with our expectations and has us on track for free cash flow conversion of 100% for fiscal year '24. On Slide 15, you can see that we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation policy. For the first half of the year, we invested $66 million on our technology platforms in converting clients to our platforms. Additionally, through the first 6 months, before option proceeds, we returned $330 million in capital to shareholders due to dividend and share repurchases. Given our expectations for 100% free cash flow conversion, we are positioned to return additional capital to shareholders. Based on our current outlook for limited M&A in fiscal 2024, we estimate $350 million to $450 million in total share repurchases, which includes an additional $200 million to $300 million in the second half. So moving to guidance on Slide 16, along with some concluding thoughts. We are successfully executing the Broadridge financial model in fiscal '24 and therefore, reaffirming our full year guidance on all of our key financial metrics. We continue to expect 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, constant currency, adjusted operating income margin of approximately 20%, adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12% and closed sales of between $280 million to $320 million. And I'll note that embedded in that full year guidance is high single-digit year-over-year adjusted EPS growth for both Q3 and Q4. In addition to the guidance for fiscal '24, it's important that I highlight our high free cash flow business model. We are investing for the long term beyond 2024. And after 6 months in our fiscal year of strong free cash flow conversion, we are confident in our ability to consistently generate 100% free cash flow conversion. That free cash flow conversion, combined with our current outlook for limited M&A in the next 2 quarters, positions our capital return through dividends and share repurchases to reach a total of $700 million to $800 million in fiscal 2024. And finally, the drivers of growth, both strong demand and investor participation, combined with the investments that I mentioned earlier, give us confidence in meeting our 2024 to 2026 objectives in driving sustainable long-term growth.  So with that, let's take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette : Great. I just want to check some quick math on the Wealth segment. It looks like client losses were about a 3-point drag to constant currency recurring revenue growth. And if I presume that those losses were concentrated in the wealth business, without them that business probably would have grown about 6% to 7%. Are we kind of looking at that arithmetic about right?
Edmund Reese: So James, first, and thanks for the question on wealth. I think there's a couple of points to make in your question there. First, just generally for Broadridge. As I talked about during Investor Day, and as you see here, we just have a long history of retaining 97% to 98% of our existing recurring revenue. And when I set aside transitioning E-Trade to Morgan Stanley, I think we're right in line with that. And even with it, we're 3 points of contribution. So that's sort of the first point. I think that you can do the math on the wealth segment, we gave a good sense about exactly what the incremental wealth revenue would be for the year, just over $75 million. We said that would largely be offset by transitioning E-Trade. And so it gives you some sense about what the losses would be with -- knowing those 2 components.
James Faucette : Got it. Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then more broadly, I guess, obviously, constructive to see the year-to-date closed sales number. And I think you had previously spoken about some of that being adversely impacted by European tech discretionary weakness. But you've now reiterated the closed sales outlook. Your tone seems particularly bullish on that. So can you give a little more insight into maybe if there is an improvement in the overall demand environment, what you think is motivating that? And how Broadridge is -- are there incremental opportunities for Broadridge to take advantage of?
Tim Gokey: Yes, James, it's Tim. I'll take that one. And first of all, thanks for the question because I think we do feel really good about where we are on this. And as a reminder, obviously, closed sales don't have much impact on this year. This year is really supported by the conversion of our strong backlog, the $400 million we talked about at the beginning of the year. So this is all a question about future growth. And we saw a strong first half. January was strong. The -- and the one thing I just want to point out for you and our listeners is that, that growth that we've seen so far really came from the areas that we've been investing in, like the front office and like wealth management, which is really nice to see. And as we look at the second half, we're having really good conversations around tailored shareholder reports, around digital communications, continued front-office discussions, continued wealth discussions. And it's true that we've heard caution from other tech companies and that we have been seeing weakness in Europe previously and that sales cycles remain extended. I think partly what we're seeing now is, as we said, those conversations were extended, but they didn't go away and some of those are now coming through. And we're seeing that clients really are willing to spend on areas that drive revenue, that lower costs, that have specific regulatory needs, all of those really fit very well. So we are seeing that conversion of that strong pipeline improving. And you should have heard in the tone, and we do feel a lot -- some very good confidence in achieving our sales guidance of $280 million to $320 million, which is obviously a nice uptick on last year and really returns us to the long-term growth trend there.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI.
David Togut : Tim and Edmund. I'll combine my 2 questions upfront. The first is really on headwinds and tailwinds. The first part is really on revenue. Edmund, you talked about event-driven revenue likely coming in above the historical trend line average of $230 million to $250 million. So that seems like a nice tailwind and then the other, you seem to be guiding more toward the bottom half of your range on record growth mid-single digit versus the 6% to 9%. So maybe you could just walk through those walk through those 2 dynamics and how they might balance out in the guide? And then the second is really on expenses. SG&A, as you called out in your remarks, was up more than revenue in support of the ramp in event driven. Can you talk about the evolution of operating expenses in the back half of the year?
Edmund Reese: Yes, thanks for the question. I think it's an important one and gives us an opportunity to emphasize our confidence in being in line with the full year guidance that we have. Your first question is really on headwinds and tailwinds relative to the overall guidance and how we think about event as part of that. Let me first maybe make a comment on the event and then talk about the overall recurring revenue guidance itself and the headwinds and the tailwinds. On event, thus far, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, through the first half of the year, we have seen strong event. And while headlines might suggest sort of higher contest activity, it was really driven by a recovery in the mutual fund proxy activity given the low levels that we saw in Q4 '23, we expect that to continue in the back half of the year. And there could likely be some more contest activity. But I did mention that we started increasing investments in Q2 in this current quarter because of the outlook on the full year, including the outlook on the event-driven revenue. And it's good when we have these types of transparency earlier in the year, because, as you know, we have a number of unfunded investments that when we are performing above our expectations. We go deeper in that list and increase those investments. We're able to do that because it drives long-term growth and still allows us to be within our overall guidance of 8% to 12%. And so I think as we think about strength and event being above those levels, we'll continue to look for opportunities to invest while we have the opportunity to do it. Overall, on the recurring revenue guidance, as I've said before, I think it really comes down to 3 items in those 3 items are our ability to be able to convert our revenue backlog to revenue and as you know, we've had a long history of being able to do that, driving over 6 points of growth from that, and we had a very, very strong quarter. So I continue to feel very confident that we will be right in line with our expectations there. We had included in our guidance, mid- to high single-digit position growth. The testing is now showing mid-single-digit growth. So that allows us to stay right in line with the guidance. And I think the third item that I'll mention here has been float income, which really is a first half event and no change to that thinking. So I think halfway through the year, we're still very comfortable about where we are and still being within that 6% to 9% range. On expenses, look, I am really, really pleased about not just the long history of being able to drive margin expansion here. I know you know very well, 50 basis points over the last 10 years, including 77 basis points in our last 3-year objectives. But we have been able to execute based on the operating leverage that we have in the business based on our move to digital, based on the initiatives that we have been taking to realign our businesses and not only deliver margin expansion but create investment capacity. I do not get hung up in any particular quarter when it comes to margin expansion. As I think about the full year, it is playing out just as we expected. We still expect to be approximately at 20% AOI margin. But more importantly, we're creating that capacity to be able to invest in the items that Tim mentioned in his prepared remarks. So we'll be right there as the year completes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital.
Dan Perlin : I just wanted to maybe revisit the wealth expectation as we just go into kind of the third and fourth quarters here. So you said that E-Trade kind of came off, I think you said late in the quarter. And so I don't want to get over our skis kind of jumping into the March quarter. So the expectation is that the 143 that you printed, it could step down from there despite the fact that new sales look pretty robust in that area? Is that a fair assumption? As we think about modeling that second half?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Dan, it's Tim. No, we don't see it stepping down. It is -- E-Trade was off for pretty much the entire quarter. And so I think the balance you saw in this quarter will be similar going forward. There may be some other factors up and down, but the net of those 2 is positive.
Dan Perlin : Okay. Got it. That's super helpful.
Edmund Reese: And I'll just add to Tim's point, then you heard me mention that we do expect both the capital markets and the wealth management for the full year to be within that 5% to 8% sort of longer-term 3-year objectives. We feel good about that. And I think that will be more weighted for both of those businesses, again, to the third quarter relative to the fourth quarter.
Dan Perlin : Got it. That's super helpful. Tim, this is kind of a bigger picture question. You alluded to it a little bit, but you said you talked to a bunch of clients at Davos, we turned the page on the calendar here. So just the operating environment, the expectations, the pace of commitment from clients. I'm just trying to figure out where the pockets of, I guess, incremental demand in your view, will come from? And then maybe the speed with which you think clients are willing to put capital back into their business.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And I -- these days, it's a little bit embarrassing to talk about Davos, I guess, but it is a great opportunity to connect with a bunch of clients all at the same time. So it was a really useful set of discussions. And I think the nice demand that we're seeing for the second half, it really is those 2 factors I talked about before, which is it's a little bit of catch-up of discussions that were already taking place. And then it is -- then is new discussions. And we are seeing -- and it is -- people are being cautious. So they're really looking at areas where they see very tangible returns or they have very specific needs that they need to address. And many of our products fit into that arena. But we're -- as we look at incremental demand going forward, there is a big industry change around tailored shareholder reports. We have a great solution for that, that really saves our clients' money over any other way they could implement it. That is not only going to be a nice driver of sales in the second half, but it's really improving our whole relationship with the fund industry as being part of the solution. The digital communications, those conversations continue to be very robust really across all of our wealth management firms as they are looking to how do they better engage their clients and do so at lower cost. And with the conversion of one of the large wealth management players and the success of that, that I think is a great proof point on that. The -- and while we're just talking about communications, I don't want to actually skip over the fact that the -- when you look at our omnichannel communication strategy, it had the 2 parts that had the long-term conversion to digital, but had a pretty extended midterm period of that market is still 50% unvended. And there are a lot of in-house players that are basically losing scale as the world goes more digital and are, therefore, choosing to outsource. And we have some of those conversations going as well. So I think all sides of the communications will have some nice sales in the second half. Continued strength in front office. A lot of discussions there. As you know, we're sort of but number three, but numbers one and numbers two are really not investing in their business, and our clients are looking for long-term partners and so having a lot of great discussions there. And then the wealth side, double sales in the first half, and I said a really good discussions around the components that we have -- that we've talked about with clients having those components in their hands to trial them in a sandbox environment, seeing how they play out. And so we see really some really nice strength across multiple dimensions of the strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller : Just maybe a quick follow-up on the wealth side. When you think about the cross-selling opportunities and what you -- what kind of progress you've been making that either is embedded in the closed sales now or obviously could be embedded in the year ahead. Maybe just comment again on how that's been progressing after UBS is now more --
Tim Gokey: Darrin, it's Tim. Thank you because it's a -- we think it's a great topic for us. We talked at our Investor Day about how the pipeline has really accelerated over the past year is now at over $200 million. And so then the question has really been about how to begin to convert that pipeline into sales. And what I just talked about is as we have live software and it makes a huge difference for our clients to be able to demo, hands-on keys, have a sandbox, see the software with their own data inside. And so I think that is one of the things that has really led to the strong first half and why we feel like we have a good traction in the second half. And it is across a pretty broad set of components. Remember that for UBS, there were 29 different components that we invested in and modernized and brought to the cloud. And so whether that's tax or it's client onboarding or its corporate actions, many clients see a little bit different path in terms of what their immediate need is and sort of their -- on their transition to sort of a north star. And so we're having just lots of good conversations both in the U.S. and in Canada. So it's -- we feel good about where we are.
Edmund Reese: And just one point to add to Tim. We quantified what we expect in terms of incrementality from wealth at $28 million to $30 million in incremental sales, and we still, as Tim just said, we feel very good about that number.
Darrin Peller : And then just one quick follow-up. Just to revisit the BRCC, the customer communications business. I know you talked about the obvious digital transformation from print. I mean, maybe just help us understand how to think about the growth profile of that business. I know it's -- it had been challenged a little bit after you first closed the deal and then it went to pretty strong positive growth rates pretty consistently. I think it was flat right now. Just remind us again what your expectations are for that?
Tim Gokey: Yes.And I just have to put in one more time in plug that we really think this quarter was a great demonstration of how our broader omnichannel communication strategy is working. And the growth rates will be ticked up and down, as you just said, Darrin, in any particular quarter. But longer term, what we are -- that strategy is really the one we talked about from before, which is to leverage our scale, our synergies and technology to be the low-cost provider in the industry. To consolidate print, which is still 50% unvended as in-house operations lose scale and then to drive print to high digital footprint -- drive from print to high-margin digital. So that remains the strategy. As we think about how all that plays into sort of long-term growth expectations, we continue to see not any given quarter, but over many quarters, we expect sort of low single-digit top line growth with expanding margins and low double-digit earnings growth. So that's really sort of the profile you should expect from that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson.
Peter Heckmann: Going back to tailored shareholder reports and some of the compliance market there. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the opportunity around tailored shareholder reports for Broadridge? I'm sure it's dependent upon the wins, but I guess, how do you feel your position there?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Peter, thank you. And remember that when the industry moved to 30e-3, we got a sort of an uptick. We argued against it, but we got a sort of a $30 million uptick. And we had commented that when the -- when the world moved away from 30e-3 that we would have a headwind of about $30 million in revenue. And what I'm really pleased about is as we look at the -- now is the help our clients solve the issues that tailored shareholders, and I'll come back to this in a second, the issues that it creates. I think we're going to see that revenue more than replaced, which is very nice. The challenge that clients face with tailored shareholder reports, just to remind people what it is. It's taking the 150-page or so annual and semiannual reports that people receive and it is saying, what are the key data points that are inside there that people really care about and creating a condensed, much more readable sort of 2- to 3-page summary that is much more digestible for investors. So that's good. The challenge it creates for our clients is that those reports, the new regulation has them the wires tailored. It has to be specific to the share class that, that client has. So in the past, you would have gotten a report and you have a table and you said, we'll have to look up your share class and try to figure out for you what it means now has to be specific to you. That dramatically increases the number of SKUs. We talked in an earlier call about a fund we talked to you that had something like 120 to 150 different reports and now that's going to be 1,200 different reports. That makes it very hard to print the reports in advance and inventory level. So the solution that we have is because we've invested in digitizing all of this and a digital database of all the latest regulatory reports, we can -- for that percent of things that is print, which is -- a lot of this is digital, it's 80% digital, but there's still a lot of print. We can print that in line right in our facility and put multiple things in the same envelope significantly savings on creating significant savings on all the inventory but also all the postage and the envelopes and all of that. And so that ability to consolidate multiple reports into a single envelope all digitally in line, it creates a very significant savings for our clients over any other way of doing it. So we're having a really -- a high percent of funds are coming to us for that. And in fact, many funds that used to do this themselves on the registered side are also coming to us for that. So that's the whole sort of output and mailing side of things. The other thing I'm really pleased, though, about is moving upstream into the composition side of things. And historically, that work has been done by others, by Donnelley Financial and by Confluence. And one of the other unique things in the regulation is that the reports need to be tagged with XBRL and -- which is great for digital delivery and extraction of data points. That can be a very laborious process. And the composition engine that we have is pretty unique in that it's -- first of all, it's built in a way that makes it very easy to have many versions, same thing. And is also built with the XBRL tagging sort of natively embedded in it so that you don't have to come back as a second process. So it's a much better solution on the composition side. We're a newer player there, but we've seen a lot of client interest and that's really enabling us to move upstream to have a much deeper relationship with the asset managers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : So for GTO, in past quarters, I seem to recall you guys speaking to a 5% to 7% growth outlook for that business both in, I think, fiscal '24 as well as the medium term. And today, I heard you speak to 5% to 8% growth. So I'm curious if anything has changed in terms of your outlook for that business? And then I think specific to this year, is faster or higher trading volumes may be a bigger contributor to growth than you had previously anticipated?
Edmund Reese: Patrick, thanks for that question. We did. I'll emphasize that we did come out at an Investor Day and one of the big changes and an important change for us is moving our growth objectives, our 3-year growth objectives for organic growth from 5% to 7% to 5% to 8%. Now the strong growth that we expected in fiscal '24 has a lot to do with that. But the investments that we've been making in the strength that we've been saying, Tim said earlier, our front office capital markets business and even the strength in wealth management, given the incremental sales that we have, we think that GTO will be a contributor there as well. Those are our objectives of 5% to 8% over the next 3 years. And I think you're going to see each of the GTO businesses playing -- performing right in line with that, both capital markets and wealth management here.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : All right. And as you guys are to being able to modulate your investment spend due to higher event-driven revenue. Can you maybe give a little bit more detail on kind of the type of spending that represents? Are you bringing on more consultants? Are there other kind of very short-term expenditures that you're able to ramp up?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick, it's a great question. It is one of the things that we're very clear with all of our businesses on is that the investments we're making are our onetime investment. So we have -- we, as do many firms have a whole set of relationships with external providers for building technology consulting, other kinds of things. And so when we have the ability to incrementally invest, it is not adding associates that are going to be here for the long run, but it is really going deeper into projects that may be already underway and accelerating those, but leveraging largely third parties for things that are already in motion that we can accelerate.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brendan Miles from JP Morgan.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: I'm on for Puneet. Jane, by the way, of course, from JP Morgan. So can for all the updates on wealth, it's been really cool, I've been following the stock to wash so like the J curve on your investments in the platform unfold on the free cash flow generation. So that's exciting to see. Quickly on cap markets kind of bouncing off this last question. It seems like it was a great quarter in capital markets. Could you just give us a quick update on the state of the market in that business? And then maybe like a technical question quickly on AI, I -- can I ask a question. For the OpsGPT and BondGPT's are products that you guys are rolling out, I understand you have access to like tons of incredible data. Is that data just kind of data that's in your custody? Or is it data that you own?
Tim Gokey: Yes. So let me just start with the last one and then come back to the broader capital market because I'm pleased to be able to talk about AI. It is an area that we're investing in, as I talked about earlier, we expect to be a leader in our space, and it is a real natural place for mutualization where -- because we're doing this for many clients, a particular activity and because really getting value out of this often depends on the nuances of a specific activity. we can invest more than it makes sense for any one client to invest, and we can have better data than any one client would have. So it's a really nice opportunity for a mutualized benefit and to -- and for the benefit of our clients. Now in terms specifically of the data, we obviously -- we do house lots of data across clients. We are being very careful on this in terms of how we leverage our models that we are at this point, doing that client by client. It is -- we are -- it is -- that data is owned by our clients and we're extremely careful about that. Could there be a longer opportunity with client permission to have across those pools, that could be possible in the future, but it is would be specifically with our clients' permission. When we look at things like OpsGPT, today, when there's, say, a fail, there's a whole research process that it kicks off and you have knowledgeable and fairly expensive ops people looking up in this database and then that database and then cross referencing it. And by working out what's the reason for the fail and then contacting the other party about it? That sort of research process can be easily automated here. And it is not that sort of looking at the Internet of things like that, it's using AI to write SQL queries to real databases to get real data to put that together and join it and be able to present an answer to an ops professional who can quickly validate it and really cut out tons of time. And this is just -- we're just scratching the surface in terms of what will be possible. But I think our clients are very excited about it and very excited about the idea that we'd be taking on this investment really on behalf of the industry to really help drive a lot of efficiency. And remember, we're a technology company, not so much a people company. So as we make things more efficient, that's not coming out of our personnel that's really helping our clients save money. So that's AI, and I'm sure we'll be talking about it a lot more. The other part was just the state of the market on capital markets?
Edmund Reese: For the drivers of growth in capital markets, and I'd probably hit 3 things, and thanks for asking the question, Brendan, because it does allow me to come back to an item that Patrick mentioned. But there are probably 3 things that I'd point out there. One is the continued double-digit growth in our front office capabilities as we brought on BTCS, we just continue, as Tim talked about earlier, to see strength in that business. Two, and this is the case across each of our different business units is our ability to be able to convert the revenue backlog into revenue, particularly given the investments that we have been making in our post-trade solutions. We continue to see strength in our capital markets post-trade solutions converting new clients into revenue. That is a strong boost for that business. And the third, and this is a point that Patrick mentioned, we did see strength in some of the trading volumes in the quarter. We go into our planning cycles not expecting significant growth from trading volumes almost assuming flat. But as I mentioned, the fixed income trading, in particular, has continued to have strong growth over the past couple of quarters, and that is also driving a boost in capital markets. And again, most importantly, having us very confident that, that business, along with wealth will be within our 5% to 8% objective here.
Tim Gokey: And I'm sorry, I have to just add one other thing, which is -- when you take our capital markets -- capital margin is a very esoteric business. You take our capital markets team put in front of any even very top tier client. And it is a very impressive team. And the -- you see that in the innovation with digital ledger repo, with LTX, with AI across all those areas that are at the leading edge of where capital markets are going, front to back, we are showing real thought leadership and having great conversations with clients.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey : Jamie, thank you very much, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. As I hope you heard, we see a long runway for growth ahead. And as we enter our seasonally larger second half, we are on track to deliver another strong year and to continue to make a difference for investors everywhere and for our clients, our associates and our shareholders. Thank you very much for your interest this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Kate, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's first quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. I'm pleased to be here to discuss our strong start to fiscal 2024. Clearly, the economy and our world remain in a volatile and difficult place. Despite the uncertain economic environment, our business continued to perform well in the first quarter, which speaks to the long-term trends and needs driving our growth as well as the strength of our business model and the execution of our team. I'll start with the headlines. First, Broadridge reported strong financial results. Recurring revenue grew 8%, all organic, with strong growth across governance, capital markets and wealth. Adjusted EPS rose 30% driven by strong recurring revenue growth, timing of event-driven fees and continued expense discipline. After a slower finish to last fiscal year, closed sales rose $19 million to a first quarter record of $48 million. Second, while markets have remained uneven. Continued growth in investor participation drove equity and fund position growth of 8% and 3%, respectively. Third, we continue to execute our strategy to enable our clients to democratize investing, simplify and innovate trading and modernize wealth management. That execution is driving our results in the form of strong sales in our Government Solutions and strong performance of BTCS, and a growing pipeline in our Wealth Management business among many examples. Fourth, our commitment to balance capital allocation has always been a key part of our value creation strategy. In recent years, we've invested heavily to build out our wealth and capital markets platform capabilities. That investment is moderating. And in fiscal 2023, we repaid a portion of the debt from our BTCS acquisition and ended the year at our target leverage. Now we're returning to our more historical mix of investment and capital allocation. Type-4 investments declined significantly from last year's level, and we repurchased $150 million of our shares in Q1, our first share repurchase since fiscal 2020. Finally, with a strong start to the year, we are reaffirming our full year fiscal 2024 guidance. We expect recurring revenue growth of 6% to 9%, continued margin expansion, and another year of 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth and closed sales of $280 million to $320 million. Those are the headlines for the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 4 to review how we drove these strong results, starting with our governance franchise. Our ICS recurring revenue grew 6%, driven by a combination of revenue from sales, increased investor participation and higher interest income. Looking across our product lines, solid growth in our regulatory solutions was complemented by strong results in data-driven fund and issuer solutions. In Customer Communications, double-digit growth in our digital communications revenues more than offset a temporary slowing in print growth. The biggest driver of our growth remained revenue from new sales as we develop new solutions like our digital products and enhance our existing products. We're winning with both new clients and expanding our relationships with existing clients. Increasing investor participation also remains a positive driver for our regulatory business despite headwinds from a choppy market and rising interest rates. In what is the smallest quarter of the year, equity record growth remained strong at 8%. Growth within managed accounts remained in the mid-teens, more than offsetting low single-digit growth in self-directed accounts. Fund and ETF position growth was 3%, the underlying trends remain solid with double-digit growth in passive fund positions, offsetting weaker trends in actively managed vehicles. Our forward testing continues to indicate a mid to high single-digit outlook for equity positions and mid single-digit growth for fund positions. Equity driven activity also picked up in the quarter, event-driven activity also picked up in the quarter. I'm especially proud of the work done by our issuer business as part of the recent large cap spin-off. Not only did we seamlessly process critical communications for more than five million beneficial and employee shareholders. We also provided the digital composition and print work for the required filings. It's a great example how Broadridge can bring the full power of this network together to help public companies execute critical transactions. We also appointed new leadership for our ICS business, elevating Doug DeSchutter and Mike Tae to the role of co-presidents, as part of a long-planned transition. Mike and Doug are proven leaders, and they bring a long track record of execution to their new roles. Our governance business is in strong hands. Turning to capital markets. Our sell-side clients are seeking to expand their agency and principal trading capabilities and they're turning to Broadridge for our help. Capital Markets revenues rose 9% to $249 million, driven by strong growth in BTCS, and higher trading volumes. We also help our clients simplify their back-office operations. And during the quarter, we completed the rollout of our global post-trade platform for a large global bank. Step by step, we've worked with that client over the past few years to transition away from seven different disparate platforms covering 75 separate markets around the world, each of its own operational support and settlement structure, into a single unified Broadridge platform. This is a strong example of how we are helping our clients simplify their operations, reduce expenses and optimize capital utilization by modernizing their infrastructure. Wealth Management revenues grew 14% to $154 million. As we highlighted on our last call, we began recognizing revenue from UBS at the beginning of the first quarter. For some time, we've been discussing our move to a component-based approach, which we are calling transformation on your terms. I'm pleased that we are seeing success with this approach. Our pipeline continues to grow, and we have now sold one or more components to seven additional clients beyond UBS and RBC. These component sales give us confidence in our progress and the opportunity to expand these clients over time. Finally, we reported strong closed sales in the first quarter, driven by a combination of underlying demand and sales that moved from fiscal 2023. I was especially pleased to see sales growth across all of our franchise, including higher wealth sales and strong growth in BTCS. In an uncertain market, clients remain willing to invest in new capabilities, especially those that can deliver near-term benefits or to enhance the go-to-market strategies, including governance tools, enhance trading capabilities and adviser productivity tools. As a result, while time to close is sometimes longer, our conversations with clients remain strong, and our pipeline continues to grow. Let's move to Slide 5 for some closing thoughts on the quarter. First, Broadridge is off to a strong start to fiscal 2024. We reported strong first quarter results, including 8% recurring revenue growth and 30% adjusted EPS growth. We're executing against our strategy to enable the democratization of investing, simplify and innovate trading and modernize wealth management. Second, our growth is being driven by long-term trends and strong execution, continue to benefit from increasing investor participation and clients investing in new regulatory solutions, faster and more efficient trading and the modernization of wealth management. We have invested to ensure that we can help our clients benefit from these trends. That combination of long-term drivers matched with a clear investment and growth strategy is driving real value for clients and strong results for our shareholders. Third, we remain committed to balanced capital allocation, with our core priorities of retaining our investment-grade credit rating, funding, internal investment, growing our dividend, in line with earnings, completing tuck-in M&A and returning excess capital to shareholders. With our wealth platform investment now complete and target leverage achieved, we are confident that we will be able to return additional capital to shareholders going forward, and return to mid to high-teens ROIC. The $150 million share buyback we completed in the first quarter highlights that confidence. Fourth and last, we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal 2024, and we remain well positioned for long-term growth. Our business has a long track record of delivering consistent top and bottom line growth and strong shareholder returns. Today, we are better positioned than ever to continue delivering even more value to our clients, and we're looking forward to sharing a newer set of three-year objectives at our upcoming Investor Day this December, in New York. Normally, I close my remarks with a thank you to Broadridge associates around the world. It's an acknowledgment of their work and focus on driving positive client outcomes. But today, I first want to thank and remember one associate in particular. Bob Schifellite passed away in September after a brief illness, while in the process of a long-planned transition away from his role, as President of our ICS business. He joined our governance business almost 40 years ago, and he was a principal architect in building the strong governance franchise, we know today. He was a passionate advocate for our clients, a champion of our culture, and most of all, a good friend and mentor to me and so many others at Broadridge. So I want to thank and remember, Bob, for his work in building our company. And I want to thank all of our associates for the work they do every day to serve our clients drive the transformation of our industry and enable better financial lives for millions. Edmund, over to you.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim. And thank you, in particular, for those comments on Bob. There is no doubt that he will be missed. Good morning, everyone. I’m really pleased to be here to discuss the results from another strong quarter and a strong start to fiscal 2024. Before reviewing this quarter’s results, let me share a few key points. First, Broadridge delivered strong top line growth, led by strong recurring revenue in line with our expectations and higher event driven revenue. Second, and as a result, we expect to generate approximately 25% of adjusted EPS in the first half of fiscal 2024. Third, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2024 guidance. And finally, we resumed share repurchases in Q1 as we are confident in our ability to drive 100% free cash flow conversion and return more capital to shareholders. As you can see from the financial summary on Slide 6, recurring revenues rose to $871 million, up 8% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 33% and AOI margin expanded 220 basis points to 13.9%. Adjusted EPS was up 30% to $1.09. And I’ll remind you that while higher interest expense partially offsets operating income growth, the interest rate impact at the Broadridge level is fully offset by higher float income in our ICS segment. Continuing with the results. We delivered closed sales of $48 million, up $19 million over Q1 2023. And finally, I will note again that we repurchased $150 million of Broadridge shares as part of our balanced capital allocation model. Let’s get into the details of these results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 7. Recurring revenues grew 8% to $871 million in Q1 2024 and was at the higher end of our full year guidance range of 6% to 9%. Our recurring revenue growth was driven by a combination of converting our backlog to revenue and double digit trade volume growth. Let’s turn now to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continued to see growth in both ICS and GTO. ICS recurring revenue grew 6% to $469 million. Regulatory revenue grew 5% and was led by fund and equity position growth. More importantly, position growth remains in line with our expectations, as I’ll detail in a moment. Data-driven fund solutions revenue increased by 9%, primarily due to higher float revenue in our mutual fund trade processing unit, which we have rebranded to be Broadridge Retirement and Workplace. Issuer revenue was up 19%, driven by growth in our registered shareholder solutions and customer communications recurring revenue was up 2%, propelled by continued double-digit growth in our higher margin digital business, which more than offset lower growth in our lower margin print revenues. And while we do expect print volumes to pick up over the balance of fiscal 2024, we continue to expect print revenues to decline over time and be replaced with higher margin digital revenue. As a result, over the long-term, we expect our customer communications business to have low-single-digit top line growth with expanding margins and continued low-double-digit earnings growth as it execute on its print to digital strategy. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenues grew 11% to $402 million. Capital markets revenue increased 9%, led by continued strong performance in BTCS and elevated equity and fixed income trading volume growth. Wealth and investment management revenue grew 14%, powered by the onset of revenue recognition related to the UBS contract, partially offset by the successful transition of E-Trade to the Morgan Stanley platform, which occurred at the beginning of September. Looking ahead, we continue to have high confidence in full year GTO growth being in line with our historical 5% to 7% growth objective. Now let’s turn to Slide 9 for a closer look at volume trends. As you can see by our results, investor participation in financial markets has continued to increase despite the market volatility. Equity position growth was 8%, driven by continued double digit growth in managed accounts. Our testing of position growth continues to prove reliable as Q1 was in line with our expectations. We have now extended our testing into Q2 and Q3, and those results support our outlook for mid to high-single-digit growth for the full year. Mutual fund position growth moderated from Q4 2023, but grew 3%, driven by strong growth in passive funds. Based on our testing, we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth for the full year. Turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes rose 15% on a blended basis, led by double-digit volume growth in both equities and fixed income, which benefited our capital markets business. Let’s now move to Slide 10 for the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenue growth of 8% was all organic and grew above our 5% to 7% growth objective for a six consecutive quarter. Revenue from net new business contributed 5 points of growth. Internal growth, primarily trading volumes, expanding client relationships and float income contributed 3 points. Foreign exchange had a non-material 15 basis point positive impact on recurring revenue growth. And based on current rates, we expect a similar benefit in full year recurring revenue growth relative to fiscal 2023. I’ll finish the discussion on revenue on Slide 11. Total revenue grew 12% to $1.4 billion, of which recurring revenue was the largest contributor with 5 points of growth. Event driven revenue was $87 million and added 2 points to growth. As expected, event driven revenue increased sequentially and was above our seven year average. Event driven activity in the quarter was particularly strong and benefited from the timing of mutual fund proxy activity and significant corporate actions. We continue to expect more normalized event driven revenue for the remainder of the year and for the full year to be $230 million, $250 million in line with recent years. Low to no margin distribution revenues contributed 5 points to total revenue growth. Distribution revenue was elevated and reached 14%, with half of that growth coming from postal rate increases, which have a dilutive impact on our adjusted operating income margin. We continue to expect distribution revenue to grow in the high-single to low-double-digit range, driven by further postal rate increases. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was 13.9%, a 220 basis point improvement over the prior year period powered by a combination of operating leverage on our higher recurring and event driven revenue, higher float income and continued discipline expense management. Excluding the net impact of higher distribution revenue and higher float income, which was accretive to margins in Q1, we delivered over 100 basis points of margin expansion after absorbing the amortization from our wealth platform. This performance gives us confidence in our ability to both fund long-term growth investments and still meet our earnings growth objectives. We continue to expect adjusted operating income margin to increase year-over-year to approximately 20% as we overcome the dilutive impact of higher distribution revenue. Let’s move ahead to closed sales on Slide 13. Closed sales were $48 million, $19 million higher than Q1 2023. We were encouraged by our strong start to the year with higher sales across all three of our franchises. We saw strong BTCS sales in GTO and strong customer communications and regulatory sales in ICS. As Tim noted, our pipeline remains strong as we continue to see strong interest from clients in our technology solutions. I’ll turn now to cash flow on Slide 14. I’ll start with a reminder that Broadridge’s cash flow generation is typically negative in the fiscal first quarter and strengthens throughout the year. Q1 2024 free cash flow was negative $76 million, a $142 million better than last year, driven by a reduction in client platform spend, which I’ll discuss in a moment. Free cash flow conversion, calculated as trailing 12 month free cash flow over adjusted net earnings, was 103% in Q1 2024. This is consistent with our expectations of free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% for full year 2024. On Slide 15, you’ll see that we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation policy that prioritizes our investment grade credit rating, internal investment, a strong and growing dividend and strategic tuck-in M&A that meets our financial criteria with excess capital being returned to shareholders through share repurchases. Our total capital investment for Q1 2024 was $34 million, including platform investment of $20 million, down significantly from the prior year’s $163 million. We returned $86 million to shareholders through the dividend, and with no M&A activity in the quarter. We returned an additional $150 million to shareholders through share repurchases, our first share repurchase activity since fiscal year 2020. Turning the Guidance on Page 16. As I said in the beginning of my remarks, the strong start to fiscal 2024 gives us the confidence to reaffirm our full year guidance on all of our key financial metrics. We continue to expect 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, constant currency, adjusted operating income margin of 20%, adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%, and closed sales of between $280 million to $320 million. Additionally, we expect approximately 75% of our earnings to be generated in the second half of the year with 25% in the first half in line with our performance over the last 10 years. Finally, let me summarize my key messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q1 financial results. The demand and secular trends driving our growth remain strong, and our testing is showing continued equity and fund position growth into the second half of the fiscal year. We expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% in fiscal 2024, allowing us to invest for growth and return capital to shareholders in line with our balanced capital allocation model. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2024 guidance, highlighting the strength of our business and financial model. And with that, let’s take your questions. Operator, back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Good to see the strong start to fiscal 2024. Looks like you’re running at about 3x the EPS growth targeted for the year as a whole, 30% versus 8% to 12%. Granted, 1Q is your smallest quarter of the year, and fourth quarter is the most important. Can you unpack the drivers of outperformance between recurring elements, which seem to be expense discipline, recurring revenue growth and some that are non-recurring, like event driven fees and obviously E-Trade was on your system perhaps a little longer than anticipated. But it looks like you’re on track to outperform versus your annual guide. What’s keeping you a little more conservative?
Edmund Reese: David, good morning to you. Thanks for joining. You asked the question and answered it within your own question. You did a very good job of that. And you said it exactly. I’ll start with one of the points you made, that Q1 is really a small quarter for us. And you know well that our focus is on driving medium to long-term growth and in the short-term meeting our commitments. In the short-term we’re focused on annual growth, and we run the company as an annual growth company. And over the last 10 years, you’ve seen, as I said in my remarks that roughly about 25% of our earnings happened in the first half of the year that’s given the strong proxy season in the back half of the year. And I think 2024 will be no different. And to the question that you ask, it is some of the non-recurring items that’s driving that type of performance. Specifically, in Q2, you’ll see more normalized event driven revenue as we talked about. We said in Q4 that we expected some of the pent-up demand from 2023 coming into 2024, and that’s exactly what we saw. It will be more normalized as we go through the rest of the year. You’ll see the full impact another non-recurring item of converting E-Trade over to the Morgan Stanley platform. And within your question you made the final point that I think is important to point out here is that the more recurring drivers of growth are stable, both for this year and both for the long-term. And I’ll call those out as converting our backlog to revenue. That’s very stable. That drove, as you saw in my remarks, over 5 points of growth here. The position growth and our testing for that remains in line with our expectations both for equities and funds. And to your – another point you made the continued discipline on expense management to be able to get the operating leverage from the scale in our business, to be able to execute on the actions that we’ve taken as we evaluate our cost basis. Those things continue to help us have the kind of growth. I would not get too hung up, the final point you made on the growth in this particular quarter. But on a full year basis, we continue – nothing’s unusual here and we continue to feel very strong and confident about the full year guidance.
David Togut: Appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up. Good to see the improved bookings performance in Q1 after a somewhat soft second half of FY2023, despite the pipelines being strong last year. Was there anything that changed in particular in the first quarter that gives you a better line of sight to your full year bookings target? Or is it just some of these sales cycles just got over the goal line?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Dave, it’s Tim. And thank you for that question. Look, we were really pleased with record sales in Q1. I think as you have heard from others, sales cycles are lengthening, which did drive some slippage from Q4 into Q1. But I think as we look forward, one of the advantages that we feel is really the breadth of our product set, which enables us from a mixed perspective to benefit from a wide range of market conditions. And so we have many chances to ensure that we’re sort of part of the solution to the problems that our clients are facing at any given time. So right now we’re seeing more demand for components and solutions that are addressing cost or are driving near-term revenue less for transformational solutions at this time. But we’re seeing good demand across all three of our franchises. Our pipeline has never been higher. And so that’s why we confirmed the $280 million to $320 million for this year.
David Togut: Understood. Thanks so much. And condolences on Bob’s passing. I remember him well from your Investor and Analyst Day’s.
Tim Gokey: Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Heckmann of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: Hey, just to follow-up, Tim and you addressed this in your answer to the last question. You’re talking about some of the components of the wealth management system. At least I think you’re referring to that when you said that the components that are more designed for cost efficiencies or cost savings are proving a little bit more popular. But could you just dig into that a little bit in more detail. Talk about some of the components in terms of relative demand and then the implementation cycles? Can some of the components go live fairly quickly? And then lastly, I didn’t hear you say it, but I think in the last quarter call you talked about perhaps $20 million to $30 million of new closed sales related to wealth management components. Do you think that’s still a good estimate?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Good. Peter, good morning. I would say, and we can talk about components across all of our franchises, but I think you were specifically asking a little bit more on the wealth side. And we really remain quite pleased with our progress on wealth. And obviously we began recognizing revenue from UBS in July. And on the components, we really started that marketing the components last spring with a really significant kick-off at the Securities Industry Conference, the CIFFA Conference in May, demoing live software, really being able to show clients working components. And so we’re sort of fully into selling mode on that. Our pipeline has built nicely and is quite a bit where it was a year ago. And we’re seeing – I think in the near-term, we’re seeing demand around things that can help drive advisor productivity. We’re seeing demand in corporate and class actions. We’re seeing demand around helping people process alternatives. So lots of things that are meeting some important needs that our clients have. So as I said, we now have clients – multiple clients live with at least one component and others in implementation. I think that shows that component approach is working. As you said, we are targeting $20 million to $30 million in incremental sales, and I think we’re on track to achieve that over time. So I think when you look at how we’re looking about our wealth strategy, we’re really assuming mostly these component sales within every few years, something a little bit larger that will boost sales in that year. But I think right now we’re focused on the component side.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Okay, that makes sense. And then just I didn’t hear you reference it. And certainly historically, Broadridge has been pretty active on M&A. But now with leverage back down below 2.5%, how do you view the M&A pipeline? And do you think we could still see a deal or two happen in fiscal 2024?
Tim Gokey: Yes, it is. I think if you look at the market there’s still a disconnect between buyers and sellers in terms of what the values are. So the landscape in terms of what is available is a little light, I would say. There are some interesting things that we are looking at. So I wouldn’t be surprised if we’re able to transact something in 2024. But the degree of pipeline and activity is definitely way below where it was a few years ago. I think one of the things, Peter, is that with the investments that we’ve made, we’re feeling really good about our ability to drive organic growth through organic investment. And so that balance between organic growth and M&A that may be a little bit different over the next few years than it was in past. But we will continue to look for the right opportunities that meet our criteria.
Peter Heckmann: All right. That’s helpful, Tim. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, guys. Thanks. Maybe we could jump in a little more to the components of the business, maybe just touching first on the communication side. I just want to make sure we understand. I know we saw strong growth in digital offset by slowing print. If you could just give us a little bit of an update on some of the additional color on print trends, sustainability of it and just broadly speaking, that’s a segment that is one that’s shown us some element of improvement obviously, since you – really, since you closed the deal, but it took a little while at first. So just give us a little more color on what you’re seeing there first, please.
Tim Gokey: Sure. Darrin, thank you very much. Thank you for that question. We really liked this quarter because we’re now beginning to see that conversion of print to digital that we’ve been talking about. So this quarter we had a significant client that went live on our next-generation digital solution and moved a lot of communications from print to digital. So they saved a ton of money, and their end clients and advisors are really happy with the new solution and are very engaged with it and seeing real upticks in satisfaction. So on the base of that, we saw lower print volumes on that client, but overall, we saw a double digit increase in our digital revenues and a double digit increase in profitability. So that really shows how this transition can work for us. So I do think – just stepping back a little bit, our main story is that continued flow towards digital. But I do have to put an asterisk on it, which is that we are continuing to see a lot of demand from companies that are seeking to rationalize their print facilities. And so there still is an opportunity sort of in that midterm to be the consolidation point for print, which we'll do and are happy to do as long as the digital comes with it so we get the transition over time. So longer term, we expect to see lower growth in print, with strong growth in digital and strong profitability growth, which is exactly what we saw in the first quarter. But there will be some bumps along the way where we have stronger print volume.
Edmund Reese: And then in the mean – and I'll just add, Darrin, you made a point in your question is worth highlighting that since the acquisition, we've continued to see margins expanding and low double-digit earnings growth as we execute on this strategy for print to digital that Tim just talked about. So we feel very good about that.
Darrin Peller: Quick follow-up just on the positional growth side, specifically on mutual fund, but maybe more – first more, just more broadly what you're seeing and what you're expecting on trends. You guys tend to have a lot of really good data as you always say, in terms of at least the next six months. So just remind us your conviction on what you're seeing now on that front broadly. But then specifically mutual funds, I think, were 3%, I think you said driven by passive – and so – if you could just add color on active mutual fund position trends here broadly and just couple that into the first question on overall position growth.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Darrin. Look, I think that the underlying trends on both numbers, both the equity side and the fund side are positive. And as we've talked about, that includes growth in managed accounts and then over time, things like direct indexing and pass-through voting. And we were certainly happy with the 8% record growth, which I know wasn't your question about what it was, but I have to repeat it. And that was really driven by the managed account side. On the fund side, where it was 3%, we have seen that be a little bit noisier quarter-to-quarter based on timing, and that is really what we think was going on this quarter. Sort of looking inside that, it's – there's good growth in money market funds, not surprisingly given sort of the volatility that is out there. And – but then as we look forward, I think the thing that really is giving us the confidence is the forward testing, which again, is showing the mid-high for equities and the mid single for funds. But really, the long-term trends we haven't really seen any change in those. So we're – that's why we're confirming where we are.
Darrin Peller: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Roswell of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Matthew, is your line muted?
Matthew Roswell: Hopefully you can hear me now.
Tim Gokey: Yes.
Matthew Roswell: Excellent, sorry about that. It's Matt Roswell on for Dan Perlin. Congratulations on a nice quarter. Just a couple of quick questions, hopefully. What was the FX impact in the quarter? And how should we think about it for the rest of the year?
Edmund Reese: Yes. Matt, that's – I'll just be quick on that one. In the quarter, on our recurring – it was not material on our recurring revenue, 15 basis points benefit to us. What we said when we gave guidance in Q4 is that we expected a modest 0.5 point benefit to earnings, and that's not us trying to do our own estimates of FX, but just looking at what current rates sit at today. And I think we're still largely in that range. If you look at our 10-K, and you'll see that a change in the U.S. dollar of 10% against the currencies that matter to our economics, primarily the pound, the Canadian dollar and increasingly with BTCS, the euro and the Swedish corona, there is about a $15 million impact on earnings. So that gives you some sense about what the overall impact can be, but we've been specific about what we think for fiscal 2024.
Matthew Roswell: Okay. And then on the margin expansion for the remainder of the year, is there anything we should look out for in terms of either seasonality or grow over compared to last year?
Edmund Reese: And that's a great one to point out, Matt, because I think looking at the margins in any particular quarter is not – you should certainly be looking at that on a full year basis, given the timing of our investments and the timing of some things that are recurring versus nonrecurring? The short answer of what you should expect is that approximately 20%, which is margin expansion. And there's a couple of things going on there, right. There is setting aside the float income that we see in our ICS business, which is a benefit to the overall reported margin expansion but has no impact to our earnings because we have the interest expense that offsets that. The second component that you see impacting the reported rate is the distribution revenue, particularly with no margin postal rate increases in it that has no impact to our earnings. The impact of those two things together for the full year, we estimate to be dilutive by about 50 basis points and what we said is we'd be able to overcome that and continue to deliver margin expansion in the 50 basis points range absorbing the amortization associated with the Wealth management platform. So you put those two things together, to dilutive impact from the items that I mentioned, our ability to be able to drive margin expansion after absorbing the wealth management platform and you get to this approximately 20%. And I think the first quarter is a strong testament to that. I put those two things aside, we drove 100 basis points with the amortization in our overall results. So we continue to feel very good about that guidance. And finally, I think it's just important – it's important for us to drive that margin expansion because it allows us to both hit the earnings objectives that we have and fund.
Matthew Roswell: Hello?
Edmund Reese: We're still here, Matt.
Matthew Roswell: Okay, all right. Just lost you for a second there. And then I guess the final question I have is just what's the repurchase assumptions in the guidance?
Edmund Reese: Well, look, I think you have seen over the – as Tim said in his earlier remarks, our focus has been on paying down the debt and building out the wealth management in our capital markets platforms now that we are past that elevated investment phase and with the expectation of approximately 100% of free cash flow conversion. When you think about that, we have a dividend that we pay $3.20 a share at our share, as you can expect, just under $400 million of that going towards the dividend. The rest of that capacity will either be devoted to M&A, if we find the right opportunities, as Tim just said, that meet our strategic and financial criteria or return back to investors in the form of share repurchases. So I think those are the components you need to think about what that range of share repurchases is – approximately 100% free cash flow conversion the dividend and the rest of that capacity towards M&A and share repurchases.
Tim Gokey: And I think the only thing I would add to that is we tend to wait on that until we really have high confidence on how the year is coming out. So that from a – it's really almost more of a 2025 question because any share repurchase we do would tend to be later in the year and not affect our weighted average share count for this year.
Matthew Roswell: Excellent, thank you. Thank you for all the color.
Tim Gokey: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of questions here. First, on the announcement of the UBS go live on the DLP platform, is that incremental to the $75 million of contribution outlined previously? Or is that project already contemplated in that number?
Tim Gokey: Great to clarify that is – that's part of the $75 million.
James Faucette: Okay, thank you for that. And then I wanted to ask a more broad-reaching question around competition. I think we all know about the competitive dynamics at play within the proxy space. But there were – have been one or two announcements of more AI-focused players that seem to be pretty well funded that are looking to get into the space. Anything to call out in terms of changes in competitive dynamics or where there may be some incremental investment needed from your perspective?
Tim Gokey: Dave, I don't think there's anything significant that is incremental to what has been out there. I think that we always say that competition has always been significant in this area. And even though people like to talk about us as a market utility, the – we've always had in-house – competition from in-house and from other players. And we think that we win that on the merits by being safer for our clients, more resilient, less cyber risk, smarter in terms of better all-in economics when you take into account all the things we can provide our clients based on our unique network. So we don't really see a change, and we are certainly – we've already talked about on the AI side that we are going to be a leader in AI in our spaces. And we have products in market – AI different products in market, BondGPT on the Bond side, which is one of the earliest products we've got quite a bit of attention and reviews on that. And we're certainly investing to apply AI also on the governance side. So I think to the extent there's something interesting in applying AI in the governance space, we'll be a leader in that.
Edmund Reese: And I also – James, I just want to comment back to your first question, overall across both UBS and across the success that we've been seeing with DLR with our Digital Ledger Repo system. Right now, the economics to Broadridge are not material at all for any of our clients. We've had great success really signing that up, but the economics are still not having a significant material impact on our guidance for fiscal 2024.
James Faucette: Great, really appreciate the color on both those things.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Thank you very much for joining us today to talk about our strong first quarter results. We look forward to seeing you and talking to you at our Investor Day in New York on December 7, when we'll be talking about our outlook over the next three years, which we think will be a pretty productive day. And we have – we're pretty excited to share our forward view. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Timothy Gokey: Thank you Edings and good morning. It's great to be here this morning to review our strong fiscal 2023 results. I'm particularly proud of what b Broadridge has been able to accomplish over the past year and where we stand now as we look forward. In Fiscal 2023, we finalized the rollout of our new wealth platform suite, completed the product integration of our front office trading capabilities, and brought new innovation and digitization to our governance clients. At the same time, we delivered strong financial results and record-free cash flow. We met our leverage target, and we delivered at or above the high end of our three-year financial objectives. The net result is that Broadridge is exiting 2023 poised to deliver another strong year in Fiscal 2024 and well-positioned for continued long-term growth. I'm especially proud of our execution given the uncertain market environment. Our financial services clients are dealing with fallout from the steepest rate increases in decades, a sharp slowdown in investment banking activity, fund outflows, banking crises, and increased regulation. They are reducing headcount and delaying purchasing decisions. Those pressures have had an impact on our sales, as I'll touch on later in this call. On the other hand, recent data points suggest an economy has proven to be more resilient than anticipated, contributing to the clear sense of urgency our clients feel around next-generation technology. They know they need to streamline their operations, increase their digital capabilities, and drive innovation. They want partners’ who can help them accomplish these goals, and they recognize that Broadridge is one of only a handful of scale technology players investing to deliver new solutions built on modern technology. That's great for our business and is driving our record pipeline. So it is an uneven environment. But for Broadridge, it's a market that further highlights the resiliency of our business and the value of our investments for the future. With that as background, let's look at the headlines from the quarter and the year. First, Broadridge delivered another strong quarter. Recurring revenue grew 8%, with strong growth across both our segments. Earnings rose 21%, driven by the combination of strong revenue growth and disciplined expense management. Second, those results closed out a strong fiscal year. In 2023, recurring revenue and adjusted EPS both rose 9%, and free cash flow conversion improved to 90%. Importantly, Broadridge met or exceeded our three-year financial objectives. Third, our ability to deliver strong results, despite an uneven market, was driven by strong execution across governance, capital markets, and wealth, and by the long-term trends underpinning our growth. Fourth, we expect to deliver another strong year in fiscal 2024. Our guidance calls for 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, all organic, and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. We also expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 100%. Finally, I'm delighted to announce a 10% increase in our annual dividend. Dividends are an important part of our long-term capital allocation, and we're proud of our track record of increasing dividends every year since we became a public company in 2007, including double-digit increases in 11 of the past 12 years. As a result of our strong free cash flow, we expect to resume share repurchases in fiscal 2024 and to also have the flexibility to fund tuck-in M&A if the right opportunity arises. As I noted earlier, 2023 was the final year of our latest set of 3-year objectives, so let's turn to slide 5 to highlight our performance against those goals. In fiscal 2020, we reported recurring revenues of $2.9 billion and adjusted EPS of just over $5. Three years later, we've grown our recurring revenues nearly 40% to $4 billion and reported adjusted EPS just above $7. We met or exceeded the high-end of our objectives for recurring revenue growth, adjusted operating income margin, and adjusted EPS growth. Our ability to deliver on those goals becomes even more meaningful, viewed in the context of a longer lens. The fiscal 20 to 23 period marked the fourth consecutive three year cycle in which we have delivered against a similar set of objectives. That track record underscores the long-term trends driving demand for what we do. Broadridge is focused on driving profitable growth and the strength of our recurring revenue business model. Next, let's review our business performance starting with a governance franchise. On slide 5. Our ICS business delivered another very strong year as recurring revenue growth of 9% was powered by combination of revenue from new sales, increased investor participation, and higher interest income. All four product lines reported strong growth. The biggest growth driver remained new sales. Our business benefited from new digital and print wins in a customer communications business and by increasing our relationships with fast growing digital brokers. Our regulatory business also benefited from increased investor participation, which continued to grow at a healthy pace. We saw balanced position growth across both equities and funds. Despite the headwinds from an equity market that for much of the year was lower. After two very strong years, equity position growth of 9% returned to more normalized mid-to-high single digits driven by double-digit growth in managed accounts, and single digit growth in self-directed accounts. Mutual Fund and ETF position growth was also strong at 8% with balanced mid-single digit growth across both equity and fixed income funds. And while we saw growth of passive funds, demand for active funds also continued to be positive. One reason clients are tuned to do more with Broadridge is our commitment to innovation, including our work on driving digitization, and shareholder engagement. For example, we are driving the digitization of wealth management communications with our omni channel wealth and focused product. Our ability to consolidate information simplifies the investor experience, while lowering costs for our clients. Thanks to our investments in digital, Broadridge has become the leading omni channel communications hub. We are enabling a new frontier in investor engagement for funds with our work behind the scenes on voting choice. Over the course of 2023 we've rolled out pilot programs for four of the five largest ETF managers in the United States. We're enabling these fund managers to capture the voting preferences of millions of ETF shareholders, giving them an even stronger voice and the governance of the underlying companies. They are -- we are also helping funds adapt to the new tailored shareholder report regulations by applying our unique digital and inline print capabilities to create a better investor experience at lower cost to fund companies. Those are just some of the examples of the innovative solutions that are differentiating Broadridge driving high client retention and engagement and enabling strong revenue growth for a governance franchise. Now let's move to a capital markets franchise where our BTCS business continues to drive growth. Capital Markets revenues rose 11% to 965 million, driven by strong growth in BTCS, and by the on boarding of new global post-trade clients. Our clients continue to look for ways to simplify their operating model, whether by bringing together disparate platforms at the front office, pursuing global multi asset solutions in the back office, or connecting front to back. We're meeting that demand with a standardized global multi asset trading platform, componentized solutions, deliver unified global book and the front to back integration that enables clients to improve controls and reduce cost and risk by implementing straight to processing. We're also delivering leading edge solutions like distributed ledger repo. Earlier this spring, we saw our clients execute intraday repo transactions on our DLR network. These new capabilities mesh distributed ledger technology with existing market settlement infrastructure to give our clients added flexibility to manage liquidity. We are also developing new AI applications, including an AI enabled interface for a bond trading platform. We're just reducing the friction around pre trade analysis by making it easy easier to identify bonds with similar characteristics. Let's turn to wealth and investment management on Slide 7. Wealth investment management revenues rose 4% to $560 million in fiscal 2023. Our growth was paced by revenues from new sales, driven by demand for modular solutions, especially advisor tools like a digital marketing platform, which more than offset the impact of a significant license sale in the prior year. During the fourth quarter, we finalized our rollout plan with UBS, which enabled us to begin to recognize revenue on July 1 as planned. We have built a suite of solutions that can drive advisor productivity, enhance the client experience, and reduce cost and risk by digitizing operations. It can help wealth firms better acquire, manage and grow client accounts. It's a fully modular suite of components linked by common data layer and common API's. With the new UBS contract in place, we are now focused on our goal of $20 million to $30 million of annualized wealth platform sales. Over the past few months, we've developed a targeted marketing plan to expand our outreach efforts and build on early demand. We're seeing strong near term demand for advisor experience suite, our corporate actions platform and their alternatives product. Deeper in the pipeline, we're seeing significant interest in other modules solutions from wealth managers who want to enhance their client experience, as well as those considering more fundamental changes in how they serve clients. I'll wrap up my business review with a discussion of close sales, where we continue to feel the impact of market uncertainty and longer sales cycles. After 11 years of record sales, closed sales of $246 million were down 12% on fiscal 2022. While U.S. sales were largely on track, we saw many delay decisions in Europe. The good news is that we believe these are delays and that they will have little impact on our long-term growth trajectory. We have not seen projects drop or experienced competitive losses. As a result, our pipeline is at an all-time record and we expect strong sales growth in fiscal 2024. Let's wrap up on slide 8, with some closing call outs. First, Broadridge had another strong year in fiscal 2023 financially and operationally. We delivered strong financial results, including record free cash flow and achieved critical growth and leverage milestones. We also finalized the delivery of our wealth platform and continue to enhance our governance and capital markets solutions. Second, the same long-term trends that have propelled our growth show no signs of easing. Third, we expect to deliver another strong here in fiscal 2024 with continued top and bottom line growth, as well as record close sales and higher free cash flow conversion. With return to more balanced capital allocation in 2024, we expect to make further progress in raising our ROIC to the mid-to-high teens over the next three years. Finally, I've never been more confident in the outlook for a company. As I look across Broadridge, our governance business has a differentiated core offer and innovative new solutions like pass-through voting, digital communications, and tailored shareholder reports. Our capital markets business is driving simplification and innovation in the front and back office. And our wealth business is now bringing the platform of tomorrow to clients today. We've never been better positioned for sustainable differentiation and innovation driven growth. And with the end of our investment phase, return historic free cash flow conversion, balance capital allocation and increasing ROIC to go with that growth. We are well positioned to drive strong returns for our shareholders. I’ll wrap up on that note, but before I turn it over to Edmund, let me thank our almost 15,000 Associates. To those listening on this call, thank you for your focus on our clients. Your work is helping us enable better financial life for millions. Edmund, over to you.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to be here to discuss the results from yet another strong quarter and the strong full year fiscal 2023. Today I'll also provide you with some additional color into our guidance for fiscal 2024 which continues to be in line with our historical three year financial objectives. Before jumping into a review of our strong results and guidance, I want to emphasize some of the significance of some key milestones bones that we achieved in fiscal 2023. First, we completed the investment in our wealth management platform, reduced our client platform spend, and are now going live with our anchor client recognizing revenue in July. Second, free cash flow conversion improved to 90%. Third, we paid down debt and reached our leverage objective, in line with our commitment during the activity acquisition. And fourth, we positioned ourselves to return more capital to shareholders, via higher dividend and the resumption of share repurchases in fiscal 2024. And finally, as Tim noted, we kept our current three year cycle where we delivered at or above the high end of our three year objectives. Those milestones were a direct outcome of our strong fiscal 2023 results. And as you can see from the financial summary, on slide 9 Broadridge’s full year recurring revenue growth was at the higher end of our fiscal 2023 guidance. And with operating leverage in our business and continued disciplined expense management, high single digit adjusted EPS growth was right in line with our full year guidance, despite the lower event driven revenue. On a full year basis, recurring revenue rose to approximately $4 billion, up 9% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 12% and margin expanded 110 basis points to 19.8%, outpacing our annual margin expansion objective despite the drag from increase low to no margin distribution revenue. And I'll remind you that while higher interest rate expenses partially offset operating income growth, the interest rate impact at the Broadridge level is fully offset by higher float income in our ICS segment. Adjusted EPS rose 9% to $7.01. And finally, we delivered close sales of $246 million. Turning to the fourth quarter, recurring revenue grew 8% on a constant currency basis to $1.3 billion. Again, the growth was all organic. Adjusted operating income grew 22% right in line with our expectations, and AOI margins expanded 360 basis points. Adjusted EPS increased 21% to $3.21. And close sales were 19% lower at $90 million. Let's get into the detail of these results starting with recurring revenue on slide 10. Recurring revenue grew 8% to $1.3 billion in Q4, 2023. Our recurring revenue growth was all organic, driven by a combination of converting sales to revenue and mid-single digit position in trade growth. For the full year at 9% recurring revenue growth was at the higher end of our full year guidance range of 6% to 9%. This 9% growth exceeds our 5% to 7% organic growth objective in March three consecutive years of organic growth of at least 8%. In addition to our strong organic growth, the acquisition of BTCS contributed 2.6 points of growth to our fiscal year 2020 to fiscal 2023 recurring revenue CAGR right in line with what we communicated at the time of acquisition. As a result, we also exceeded our total recurring revenue growth objective of sub 7% to 9%, with a three year constant currency CAGR of 11%. Let's turn now to slide 11 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continue to see strong growth in both ICS and GTO. In Q4, ICS recurring revenue grew 7%, all organic to $858 million with solid growth across all four product lines. Regulatory revenue grew 5% to $444 million on the back of continued growth in U.S. equity and fund positions, partially offset by lower growth and international proxy. Data driven fund solutions revenue increased 12% to $113 million, primarily due to higher float revenue and our mutual fund trade processing unit. And Issuer revenue grew 7% to $134 million led by growth in our registered shareholder and disclosure solutions. Our customer communications, recurring revenue was up 7% to $166 million led by new client wins, higher print volumes and very strong double digit growth in our digital business. Our digital customer’s communications business has now surpassed $100 million in recurring revenue, which is a sign that our print, the higher margin digital strategy is working. For the year, ICS grew recurring revenue at 9% with regulatory at 7% in double-digit growth across all other product lines. Turning the GTO on slide 12, Q4 recurring revenue grew by 9% to $401 million. Capital markets revenue grew 12% to $257 million, propelled by higher licensed revenue and BTCS continued fixed income trading volume growth and new sales growth. Wealth and Investment Management revenue increased 4% to $143 million, driven by healthy growth from new sales offset by lower trading volumes and the grow-over impact of higher license revenue in Q4 2022. For the year, GTO grew recurring revenue at 8%, ahead of our 5% to 7% growth objective, driven primarily by double-digit growth in our capital markets business. Now let's turn to Slide 13 for a closer look at the volume trends. We have healthy position growth for both equities and funds in the fourth quarter, consistent with our testing results. Equity position drove flat high teen growth in Q4 2022 and was 6% in the quarter and 9% for the full year, with continued double-digit growth in managed accounts. Mutual fund position growth in the quarter ticked up to 8% and full year growth was also 8%, with continued strong flows in the money market funds. Looking ahead to the first half of fiscal 2024, our current testing for equity positions is showing mid-single-digit growth, which supports our full year outlook of mid-to-high single-digit growth. Turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of that slide. Trade volumes grew 3% on a blended basis in Q4, driven by another quarter of double-digit fixed income volume growth, which benefited our capital markets business and modest declines in equity volumes impacting our retail wealth business. For the full year, trading volume was up 4%. Now I move to Slide 14 for the drivers of recurring revenue growth. For the quarter, recurring revenue growth of 8% was all organic in balance between net new business and internal growth. Revenue from closed sales and our continued high retention from existing customers provided four points of growth. Our recurring revenue retention rate was 99% in the quarter and 98% for the full year. And internal growth, primarily higher positions, trading volumes and float income also contributed four points. Foreign exchange impacted recurring revenue by one point, with most of that coming in our GTO business as you can see in the table on the bottom of the slide. I'll finish the discussion on revenue on Slide 15. Total revenue grew 7% in Q4 to $1.8 billion, and recurring revenue was the largest contributor with five points of growth. Event-driven revenue was $59 million and a one point headwind to Q4 growth. Event-driven revenue increased sequentially and was in line with our 7-year average as mutual fund proxy activity improved. While we're not forecasting any large fund proxy campaigns, we do expect some of the delayed mutual fund proxy activity in fiscal 2023 to come through in fiscal 2024 as event-driven revenue returns to more historical levels. Low than no margin distribution revenues contributed three points to total revenue growth, distribution revenue increased 9% with postal rate increases contributing 8 points of that growth. Given that postal rate increases are passed through, elevated distribution revenue have a dilutive impact on our adjusted operating income margin. Turning now to margins on Slide 16. Adjusted operating income margin for Q4 was 28.9%, a 360 basis point improvement over the prior year, driven by a combination of our operating leverage in our business, higher float income and continued disciplined expense management. On a full year basis, we delivered 110 basis points of margin expansion. The impact of interest income more than offset a 30 basis point headwind from the growth of low to no margin distribution revenue. Excluding both, margins expanded 60 basis points, which is above our 50 basis point long-term objective. As I mentioned earlier, we have a track record of disciplined expense management. This discipline, along with the operating leverage inherent in our business model allows us to invest in our long-term growth investments and meet our earnings objectives. As we exit fiscal 2023, we are undergoing a modest restructuring that will realign some of our businesses, streamline our management structure and impact approximately 2% of our 14,700 associates. As a result, we incurred a $20 million restructuring charge in Q4 2023, and we anticipate that these actions will generate approximately $50 million in annualized savings. Again, allowing us to continue to fund growth investments and deliver earnings growth. Looking ahead, we expect another $15 million to $30 million charge in Q3 2024 as we complete this restructuring initiative and seek to create further room to invest. These restructuring charges are excluded from our calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. Let's move ahead to closed sales on Slide 17. We ended our fiscal year closing $90 million in closed sales for the fourth quarter. For the full year, sales were down 12% off a record fiscal 2022 to $246 million. Closed sales were below our full year guidance, driven by lower international sales. Strong U.S. sales were driven by customer communications, digital solutions and retirement solutions. Our pipeline entering fiscal 2024 is at a record high, and the demand for our technology solutions remains strong. Importantly, the slowdown in sales we experienced in Q4 2023 is fully incorporated into our fiscal 2024 guidance. Our $400 million backlog equal to 10% of our fiscal 2023 recurring revenue provides strong visibility into the revenue conversion from closed sales that will drive fiscal 2024 revenue growth. I'll now turn to cash flow on Slide 18. In fiscal year 2023, we generated $748 million in free cash flow, doubling fiscal 2022 levels. As a result, free cash flow conversion, calculated as free cash flow over adjusted net earnings improved to 90% in fiscal 2023. This improvement was the product of reduced client platform spend and payments from UBS as we finalize the rollout and go-live plan, along with strong working capital management. Looking ahead to fiscal 2024, we estimate free cash flow conversion of approximately 100%. Let me make a note here before we move on to capital allocation. With a new contract with UBS in place, we have now moved our focus to marketing and driving $20 million to $30 million in sales of the wealth management platform components. As a result, we have moved approximately $600 million of software investment from the deferred client conversion line to intangible assets. This is consistent with balance sheet classification of platform technology that will be marketed to multiple clients. We continue to expect to recognize $57 million of annualized amortization expense in fiscal 2024, resulting from our wealth platform investment and this change will have no impact on the free cash flow or the income statement. Let's now discuss capital allocation on Slide 19. We spent $369 million on investments for growth, primarily our wealth platform and returned a net of $312 million to shareholders in fiscal 2023. In addition, we repaid $385 million of debt. The combination of strong earnings growth and lower debt moves our leverage ratio at the end of fiscal 2023 to 2.6 times. This level is consistent with the leverage objective we set when we announced the Itiviti acquisition and is in line with our goal of maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. As a result, we expect to return to more balanced capital allocation in fiscal 2024. To that end, we are pleased that our Board has approved a 10% annual dividend increase to $3.20 per share in fiscal 2024, in line with our targeted dividend pay-out ratio of 45% of adjusted earnings. We have capacity for modest strategic tuck-in M&A and we are also in a position to resume share repurchases for the first time since fiscal 2019. I'll close my prepared remarks this morning with some detail on our fiscal 2024 guidance, which is on Slide 20. Our fiscal 2024 guidance calls for mid- to high single-digit recurring revenue growth, margin expansion strong adjusted EPS growth and a recovery in closed sales. Let's break down the relevant components and drivers of each guidance point starting first with revenue. We expect fiscal 2024 recurring revenue growth constant currency of 6% to 9%, all organic, driven by new sales as we work to onboard our $400 million backlog. For modeling purposes, we expect GTO growth to be in line with our historical 5% to 7% organic range. In our wealth business, we anticipate that we will recognize approximately $75 million in incremental revenues from wealth platform clients. This growth will be significantly offset by the loss of revenue transitioning E-Trade to the Morgan Stanley platform. We are assuming flat trading volumes. We expect event-driven revenue to return to more historical levels in the range of $230 million to $250 million. Distribution revenue is anticipated to grow in the high single to low double-digit range, driven by further increases in postal rates. This continued strong growth in low to no margin distribution revenue does create a margin headwind that I'll discuss in a moment. I'll also note that using the current forward curve for FX suggests a 0.5 point benefit in recurring revenue relative to fiscal 2023. Second, let's move on to margins. We expect our adjusted operating income margin will be up year-over-year to approximately 20%. We expect the net impact of higher distribution revenues and higher float income to be dilutive to our margins in fiscal 2024. Excluding the headwind from distribution and float income, we expect that the operating leverage in our business and our disciplined expense management will allow us to absorb the amortization from our wealth platform and fund higher growth investments in our business while driving greater than 50 basis points of margin expansion, in line with our historical objectives. Third, EPS. We expect adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%. Embedded in this outlook is an expected tax rate of 23%, a slight uptick driven by the lower impact of discrete items on higher earnings and the geographic earnings mix. Finally, closed sales. We expect a strong year in sales with the fiscal 2024 range of $280 million to $320 million based on our strong pipeline. We expect balanced sales between ICS and GTO, and I want to reiterate that the delays in the timing of our sales have only a very modest impact on our medium-term revenue outlook given our backlog. Taken together, our fiscal 2024 guidance demonstrates the strength of our financial model. We continue to be focused on driving sustainable recurring revenue growth. Using the operating leverage in our business to create capacity for continued investment and continued margin expansion while also delivering steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth, all while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet and a balanced capital allocation policy. Before I move on from guidance, we briefly discuss our Q1 and first half adjusted EPS outlook. Historically, Broadridge has generated a little less than a quarter of our earnings in the first half, and we anticipate this year to be no different, with earnings slightly more weighted towards Q1 versus Q2, driven apart by higher event-driven revenue in the first quarter. With that final note, let me wrap up with a quick summary of my key messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q4 financial results to close out a strong fiscal 2023. We delivered at or above the high end of our 3-year financial objectives. And with our fiscal 2024 guidance, we are positioned to deliver another strong set of financial results. Last, we expect to return to more balanced capital allocation in fiscal 2024, including double-digit dividend growth, the resumption of stock repurchases and potential tuck-in M&A. And with that, let's take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson.
Peter Heckmann: Hey good morning everyone. Really complete call. You checked off a number of my questions as we went. I didn't hear -- I think I heard the equity position growth embedded in guidance was about mid-single digits. Would you assume funds would continue kind of mid- to high?
Edmund Reese: Yes, I'll start off with that, Peter, and thanks for the question. Thanks for joining this morning. Yes, that is exactly what we're expecting for fiscal 2024. We've continued to see strong growth in both equities and funds. They are at a more normalized level relative to fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022. So in our testing for the first half of this year is as I said in my prepared remarks, showing mid-single-digit growth, which gives us confidence in our outlook for mid-to-high single-digit growth in both equities and we expect the same thing in funds ending the year 8% with continued growth in passive funds there, we expect mid-to-high single-digit growth.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the -- so it sounds as if the first quarter might have a little bit more event driven as well as a relatively easy comparison on the margins. So first quarter looks like a little bit larger than historical, so certainly, the current consensus appears to be appropriate, if not a little low on the adjusted EPS side.
Edmund Reese: Well, look, we're certainly focused on our business and what's driving the economics here. I do think there was -- as we've been talking about throughout last year, delayed mutual fund proxy activity. And I don't think that's a choice that the business has to come back at some point. As I said in my remarks, we're not predicting any major fund to go to proxy, but the early signs as we begin to look at the jobs that we have for Q1 suggests that we are seeing some of those delays come into Q1. So I do expect Q1 to be slightly higher than Q2, but overall, the first half in line with what we've historically seen, which is just under a quarter of our earnings in the first half.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. And if I could just sneak in one more. Just on the bookings side in the second half of fiscal 2023, any other characteristics that you would say in terms of U.S. being pretty much on target, Europe a little weaker? Any way you can talk about maybe individual solution sets or any particular thing, big projects, small projects, any other color in terms of the delays that would be helpful.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Peter, it's Tim. I'll take that. And clearly, our sales ended lower than we expected even just three months ago. And as you said, that was really continued nice growth in the U.S. and then challenges in Europe. We are -- really the complex environment, whether that be war, whether that be the failure of one of the largest European institutions led to delayed decision-making. And as Edmund said, I just have to repeat it, that we think the impact of this is modest as included in our outlook 2024 is driven by the $400 million backlog. The color on drilling down further it's really across many of the solutions we saw slowdowns, and remember, our international business has driven a bit more on the GTO side than the ICS side. And there was really just decisional weakness both in post trade and on the Itiviti side. That is feeding in too because as we look at those opportunities, they haven't gone away. They haven't gone to a competitor, and that is what is leading to really a record pipeline as we enter the year. So we are -- that's why we feel good about the $280 million to $320 million guide for this year, which is obviously a strong recovery. We are anticipating continued nice growth in the U.S., and we're positioning ourselves in Europe so that as decision-making there unlocks, we can really let those things flow through.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Daniel Perlin: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to kind of follow back up on kind of backlog here a little bit. So the $400 million, is there a way to kind of talk about I guess, the nature of the work that's embedded in that and timing expectations that you might have in terms of conversions into revenue? Is it any different than what you historically would have seen in patterns? Are there types of businesses that are embedded in that just could be prolonged for longer than you anticipate? And then I did want to just revisit again to close sales in the quarter. I mean it did kind of surprise us. And obviously, it was surprising to you guys how quickly it kind of turned down. So here again, I guess the question is just really on visibility, which I guess is just kind of an extension of the way Peter asked the last question.
Edmund Reese: Tim, let me maybe just start off and give a little bit -- I'll talk about the first day and thanks for the questions, and I'll talk a little bit about the backlog, but I want to put it in the context of our overall 2024 guidance. And then maybe I'll turn it over to Tim to talk a little bit more about the closed sales. When you think about our guidance for fiscal 2024, there's a high level of confidence. And keep in mind, we're operating in this very volatile macroeconomic environment and continue to deliver the results that we just talked about for a moment. And as I think about our fiscal 2024 guidance, your point on the backlog is the first thing that comes to mind. Our continued conversion of the backlog to revenue, I don't think that there's anything in that backlog that's unique. We've said before that we see anywhere from a 12 to 18-month conversion cycle. Clearly, we are going to have the wealth management revenue come across earlier in this year from the backlog. But continuing to execute on that is what we expect and the cycle continues to be the same. Further, I think about the position growth that we have, and as I said, the testing that we're seeing now suggests that our outlook for mid-to-high single-digit position growth continues to be in line. That continues to give us confidence in our recurring revenue guidance. And again, we have a 6-month window insight upfront to look at that. And so if something changes, we have the time to react on that. And then our continued execution on margin expansion in our business to be able to drive the guidance that we have and coming off of 77 basis points for the last three years, we continue to feel good about that guidance. So nothing specific that's different about the conversion to revenue cycle. And those are the factors that I take in mind as I think about the overall guidance. And Tim, you might want to give some other comment on sales, if anything.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I just think, Dan, on sales visibility, these things are always hard to judge. It is -- and I'll reiterate that whether a sale finishes in June or it finishes in September or October for that matter, it really doesn't make much difference to our results. And I really go to the quality of the conversations, the need that our client institutions continue to express and their intent. And then beyond that, it just gets -- it gets bogged down in contracting in final lots of final details. And since the weakness was in Europe and Europe in the summer is not exactly a hot bed of activity, I'm not here promising that oh it just is going to happen in the next few weeks either. But I do have good confidence that it will happen in this fiscal year.
Daniel Perlin: Okay. No, that's great. And then just a quick follow-up on margins. A couple of just, I guess, moving parts here. I just want to make sure I heard everything right. So if we look at 2023 kind of ex-distribution in some of these things or traded revenues, I think you said it increased 60 basis points versus the 110. So that's kind of the pure number that we should be focused on. And I think embedded in your guidance, I think you also said as you kind of remove some of these obstipated [Ph] things around higher distribution and then maybe flow going against it, also absorbing amortization that you'd be able to do 50 basis points of margin expansion. So I guess one is that I characterize both those correctly. And then secondly, anything you call out in terms of underlying momentum that you have in the margin structure?
Edmund Reese: Dan, you called it out exactly right. I mean, that's exactly right. Again, 77 basis points over the last three years, 110 basis points this year. You exclude distribution and to be very specific the float income and that was over 60 basis points in fiscal 2023, which is what you called out. So those are the two items that really impact the reported margins, but had no impact on the overall earnings. And when you think about fiscal 2024, the same things are happening again. You have float income, which is a benefit to the reported margins, but have no impact to our earnings because we have the interest expense on the variable debt then you have distribution that's growing primarily because of postal rates that is a negative on the margins, but again, has no impact on earnings because it's passed through. So let's put those two items aside, and what you focus on is in the core operations of our business. Number one, we're absorbing the large amortization that's coming in for the wealth management platform, and that core business is again expanding by we said at least 50 basis points, right in line with our historical objectives and very much like what we saw in fiscal 2023 as well. And just the final point to answer to your question, what's driving that. It is the scale, the operating leverage that we have in our business as we bring on new clients; we do it at very accretive margins. And then you also heard us talk both in 2022 and again on this call about the continued disciplined expense management that allows us to create the capacity to invest and continue to deliver those earnings. So those are the right items, and I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that some.
Operator: Our next question comes from Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Puneet Jain: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I also want to ask about closed sales. So given like the period of weakness near term, should we expect fiscal 2024 sales to be more back-end loaded? And it was good to know that you like fiscal 2023 sales, the impact from that is included in this year's guidance. But can it impact growth beyond this year, beyond fiscal 2024?
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Puneet, thank you very much for that. So first of all, just on the -- will it be back-end loaded. I think it is. As you know, our sales are always back-end loaded. It would certainly be my ambition that it might be a little less back-end loaded this coming year, but it's really no promise. It's very hard to judge these because there are large deals in there and the timing of those can just be hard to judge. What we will always do is each call based on where we are, we'll give you an update on where we think we're going to end up for the year. And then with respect to 2024, but what about beyond, that's a great question. As I said, we feel very good about 2024 based on the backlog we have and everything is baked into our guidance. When we look beyond that, as we think about the recovery we anticipate in our sales this year that really refills our backlog nicely. And we don't anticipate there will be any time where our on-boarding teams would end up with sort of lack of work to do. So it's really about the pace of on-boarding and we think we'll be in good shape for the midterm.
Puneet Jain: Got it. And I guess, like you will share like your medium-term goals like in December this year. So maybe if you can review like the margin drivers that you expect over next few years beyond like the near-term benefit from the restructuring?
Edmund Reese: Well, I think, Puneet, what you're going to see is a repeat of what I just said because I think it is -- I think you're going to continue -- I think we have a long runway for continued margin expansion. Let's put it in the context a little bit. I've now said 77 basis points over 50 basis points per year for the fiscal ‘20 to ‘23 time period. If you look back at the 3-year cycle before that, it was over 80 basis points per year and ‘14 to ‘17 over 50 basis points, I think 53 basis points sort of ‘14 to ‘17 period and look at what the drivers are of that margin expansion. One is the operating leverage. So scale, bringing on new sales without adding new expenses to drive that, our continued move to digital that is at a higher margin product. I talked on the call about the growth in the digital business and our customer communications business, and we continue to be more digital in our regulatory business as well and then the operating efficiencies. And since I've come on board over the past three years, I can tell you that the focus from the company on continuing to have that disciplined expense management really setting ourselves up to have investment capacity is what we've been focused on. So I do think that there's a continued long runway for margin expansion to be able to drive earnings and create room for investment capacity. And I don't think that's going to change anytime soon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. Let me just start off with the components of margin. It looked like the gross margin improvement was fairly notable. I saw COGS changed quite a bit. I think it was over 300 basis points. Maybe, if you could just help us understand the dynamics there and maybe the sustainability or what's the recurring dynamics there for a moment would be helpful.
Edmund Reese: Yes. So we talked earlier Dan about initiatives that we took at the end of Q4 ‘22. So we're seeing the impact of that in our Q4, right in line with what we expected in growing over some of the investments that we have in two as well. I think those were the two sort of unique items that right in line with our expectations drove up the margin expansion in Q4 ‘23, just as we expected.
Darrin Peller: And that sounds like the new baseline should be reasonable.
Edmund Reese: I think full year -- sorry, full year baseline, I think, is what you want to focus on. And I think the guidance that we put against that with the components that I talked about a moment ago is off of that full year baseline. In any particular quarter, particularly when you look at our first and second quarter, small dollar amounts can swing that margin. So I really don't look at the quarterly view of margin, but the overall full year number.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And then just very quickly to follow up on [indiscernible] for the sales. I know there's been a couple of questions already, but I know the volatility can come timing-wise. So maybe just help us understand a little bit more over what was actually any type of surprise in the current quarter, just given again that it was a little below the initially or the recently lower number for the year for this quarter. But again, going back to the conviction, I understand you feel strongly about your confidence on bookings or closed sales for the year ahead. So I guess, Tim, maybe just give us a sense of where you're seeing the strength, that gives you that much conviction in terms of what business lines would be helpful.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Darrin. We are seeing, first of all, everything largely, when you look at the ICS side of things, the communication side of things, the regulatory solutions, we're doing issuer what we're doing with funds. There's very, very good strength there in the U.S. We've seen that, and we have new things coming down the pipe that we think will add to that strength in ‘24. So that side really feels very solid. And then on the European side, the business mix, as I said, is more around GTO. So there's more technology solutions. That is more susceptible to decisions that firms make about I mean are they going to make this modernization now or they make it in the next quarter. It tends to be a little bit more driven by their budgets and their priorities. And those firms though are also under more stress. They have higher need, and that does create some volatility in terms of timing of decision-making. But we have, as I've said, a record pipeline, including the things that didn't get done in the last quarter of this year was just added to that pipeline. And so we feel very good about those conversations and the fact they will ultimately get done.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
David Togut: Thank you, good morning. Could you drill down a little deeper into the kind of underlying drivers of mid-single-digit stock record growth expected for Q1 FY ‘24 and mid- to high single digit for the year?
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Dave. So for Q1, we are -- what we see in our testing is I’m going to say on the high side of mid-single digit is what we're seeing right now, and that does tend to float up a little bit as time goes on because what the testing is we're making a poll right now. And so each week, it ticks up just a little bit. So it's really based on our testing. And as you know, it's a small portion of the year. And so it's hard to say it's fully predictive of the entire year, but it certainly gives us nice confidence. I can't really drill down by sector or other things.
Edmund Reese: The only thing I'd add, Tim, to what you just said is a year ago, David we were talking about broad-based growth when you look at this. I think when we look now, we're seeing, again, continued large issuers and midsize issuer is showing the growth. We continue to see the strong growth on managed accounts. We continue to see the strong number of accounts increasing relative to -- versus the positions per account increasing. So as Tim just said, it is in a small quarter, so it's hard to get any specific insight at this point. But the trends are very much in line with what we've seen over the past year.
David Togut: Understood. Then just as a follow-up, could you kind of walk through the wealth management platform now that the UBS platform is completed and being marketed to a broader audience in terms of -- is the demand continuing to be mostly on modules or APIs? Or are you seeing it broaden out a little bit to transformational deals.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Dave. And just as a reminder, which I know you know is that this is part of a very significant $16 billion market which has continued to grow. And we're really excited that we have exited the build mode and that we're into the selling mode with a good targeted sales plan. And as I said -- and I go on to say is our competitors are talking about what they will have, and we have that now. When we drill down into the specific nature when you look into our pipeline, we are seeing right now more demand on the component type side. It is, and that can be part of a bigger transformation but it is -- I think people are feeling much more step-by-step versus taking on large programs to work. And -- but that adds up across institutions. So we're seeing, as I said, good near-term demand around things related to adviser experience, progressions [Ph], alternatives. And then we are seeing longer-term demand on more foundational chunks that would be part of a longer-term transformation. But again, in a step-by-step kind of way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Infante from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Infante: Hi, everyone thanks for taking our questions. Apologies if this was asked earlier. I joined a couple of minutes late. But maybe just on the mutual fund and ETF position growth, Interesting to see the divergence between equity position growth, which accelerated and mutual fund position growth, which decelerated. I was hoping you could provide some color on that dichotomy?
Edmund Reese: Thanks Michael. I'll start off with a few comments. I think it's actually -- the equity positions decelerated down to 6%. And we've seen over the last 10 years, 6% to 8% growth in line with the outlook that we have now from mid-to-single digits. So it was the equity positions that came down. Mutual funds continue -- they've been stable throughout the year, and they actually uptick in Q4 to 8% and ended for the full year at 8%. So again, I think all that just sort of boils down to the confidence that we have in the full year guidance in that mid- to single-digit range for both equity positions and mutual funds.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey good morning. I apologize if I missed this, but did you provide an outlook for your CapEx and capitalized software development in fiscal ‘24?
Timothy Gokey: You've -- Patrick, you broke up a little bit.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Sorry if I missed this earlier, but did you guys provide an outlook for your CapEx and capitalized software development for fiscal ‘24?
Edmund Reese: Patrick. I think what we said is that we expect our free cash flow conversion to be at approximately 100%. And that is -- we feel very good about that coming off of where we were in fiscal 2022 when it was at 48% because the client platform spend was elevated primarily driven by Wealth Management and the GPT in our platforms in the capital market space. We've now sort of completed that elevated investment level. So I think you're going to see more normalized client platform spend that allows us to get to that 100% free cash flow level, and we feel real good about that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session for this morning. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, operator. I hope you can tell how excited we are about our strong fiscal 2023, our outlook for 2024 and how well positioned we are for long-term growth. Speaking of long-term growth, please save the date for our 2023 Investor Day, which will take place in New York City on December 7. Thank you again for your interest in Broadridge, and we look forward to seeing you in December.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault : Thank you, Kate. And good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, let me make a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey : Thanks, Edings. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to be here to review our strong third quarter results. I'll start with a quick summary and key headlines followed by a review of our business. Then I'll close with some thoughts on why I think fiscal '23 has been such a strong year for Broadridge across key operating, strategic and financial milestones and why that positions us well for the future. Let's get started on Slide 3. First, Broadridge delivered another strong quarter. Recurring revenue rose 9% in constant currency, with double-digit growth in our governance business, and strong growth in GTO. Debt revenue growth helped drive 10% growth in adjusted operating income and 6% growth in adjusted EPS. Importantly, those earnings translated to Street's strong free cash flow, which nearly tripled year-over-year as we continue to step down our wealth platform investments. Second, investor participation remains strong. Q3 equity position growth was 10%, and fund position growth was 6%, with over 90% of equity record dates completed through last week, we continue to expect position growth to be in the high single digits for fiscal '23, underlining the power of the trends driving that growth. Third, Broadridge continues to execute across governance, capital markets and wealth. The investments we have made to innovate in our governance business to put in place front-to-back capabilities in capital markets and to build a transformational wealth platform suite are resonating with clients. Fourth, as we move through our seasonally large fourth quarter, Broadridge is on track to deliver another year of steady top and bottom-line growth. We expect to report recurring revenue growth at the higher end of our 6% to 9% guidance range. And we are reaffirming our outlook for continued margin expansion, and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. Finally, our fiscal '23 outlook has us on track to deliver at or above the high end of our 3-year financial objectives 7% to 9% recurring revenue growth and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. That would mark a fourth consecutive cycle in which we have delivered on our 3-year financial objectives. Now let's turn to Slide 4 for a review of our results, beginning with our governance or ICS business. Governance recurring revenues rose 11% constant currency driven by strong growth across all 4 product lines. Our regulatory business with its connections to broker dealers, funds, public companies and tens of millions of individual investors continues to benefit from strong investor participation. As we move to the peak of proxy season, equity position growth, in particular, remains strong at 10%, led by low-teens growth in managed account positions, and solid 7% growth in self-directed positions. Broadridge is benefiting from broad-based growth across both mid- and large-cap equities and across sectors. And as Edmund will share, we see further growth ahead for the all-important fourth quarter. That growth, especially in the context of declining equity and fixed income markets over the past 15 months, really underscores the secular technology-driven trends driving increasing investor participation. On the fund side, position growth also remained solid at 6%. We continue to see double-digit growth in passive fund positions, including ETFs and money markets with basically flat growth in active fund positions. For all the growth we've seen in passive funds over the past decade, passive positions still account for less than 40% of the total, giving us confidence this trend can continue to drive growth for a long time to come. Outside of the regulatory core, our governance business posted double-digit growth in recurring revenue. Our Customer Communications business is benefiting from strong growth in digital solutions. Our issuer business is benefiting from strong demand for our registered and disclosure solutions, and higher interest rates are contributing to the growth of our data-driven funds business. Partially offsetting the strong recurring revenue growth is lower event-driven activity. The weakness we noted last quarter has continued and will likely extend into the fourth quarter as well. In the past, we've seen these levels and activity extend anywhere from 2 to 4 quarters in periods of market weakness and uncertainty. As a reminder, most of this deferred activity involves elections for mutual fund boards of directors. As such, they need to happen eventually. And when they do, they grow with physicians. Turning now to GTO. Capital Markets revenues grew 5% to $246 million. The integration of BTCS, continues to deliver long-term benefits. During the quarter, we onboarded a leading global multi-asset class clearing firm providing them with ultra-low latency connections to 40 global member markets and displacing a major competitor. In addition, one of our goals has been to develop a suite of applications that bring together our capabilities across the front and back office to simplify workflow across the trade life cycle. These efforts are now translating into multiple pipeline opportunities for bundled front-to-back sales. Outside of BTCS, our distributed ledger repo solution, while still small in revenue terms, continues to generate strong market interest. UBS recently executed the first real-time intraday DLT repo trade on our platform. This represents a major step forward in increasing settlement velocity and collateral mobility and therefore, reducing the amount of capital needed by clients to manage their intraday liquidity needs. In wealth, revenue grew 10% to $143 million. I'm pleased to announce we have completed both the platform development and testing of our Broadridge wealth product suite. We've made significant progress towards finalizing a phased rollout approach with UBS that delivers solid economics to Broadridge while addressing T+1 and giving UBS the flexibility to deploy modules on its own timetable, as it continues its digital transformation. We remain confident that we are on track to recognize revenue in the first quarter of fiscal '24, and that we will see notably improved free cash flow conversion going forward. We have invested significantly in the past 3 years to reach this point. Working closely with UBS, we've created a suite of modular solutions that enable our clients to drive adviser productivity, improve the investor experience and digitize front-to-back operations. This is a differentiated capability that others are talking about, but that only Broadridge can deliver now. Our componentized approach means that firms can step into this transformation based on their needs. These conversations are resonating, and our pipeline continues to grow, now up over 40% from the beginning of the year. All in all, this is a proud moment for Broadridge. Finally, speaking of client conversations, closed sales rose 8% to $62 million in the third quarter. We are now entering our critical selling quarter with a record pipeline, and we are seeing significant interest in digital solutions, capital markets and wealth. At the same time, we're clearly in a highly uncertain economic environment. Like others, we're seeing longer sales cycles, especially in Europe. With some deals slipping into the summer, we now expect full year closed sales to be near the low end of our $270 million to $310 million guidance. Our record pipeline gives us confidence the variation we are seeing is timing, and our strong backlog of solutions already sold and in the onboarding process means that we expect minimal impact on FY '24 revenue growth. I'll close my remarks on Slide 5. Broadridge is poised to deliver another strong year in fiscal '23 across key operating, strategic and financial metrics. First, on the operating side, position growth remains very healthy. After 2 years of strong markets and ultra-low rates, market dynamics have shifted significantly over the past 12 months. And yet our results year-to-date, the activity we're seeing early in Q4 and our forward testing, all give us a high degree of confidence that we'll end the year with position growth in the high single digits for equities and mid-single digits for funds. These results, in turn, give us added conviction that the long-term trends driving increased investor participation remain very much intact, even in a choppy market and even after 2 above trend years. Beyond position growth, we've taken steps to strengthen our government business by implementing a voting choice for funds or pass-through voting, as we referred to it in the past and universal proxy, all while developing a new offering for tailored shareholder reports. Between the fundamental drivers and these enhancements, the regulatory business is the strongest it's ever been. Second, our investments in digital communications capabilities have begun to translate into significant momentum. Broadridge has become a leading omnichannel communication hub, giving our clients an enhanced digital experience while preserving best-in-class print. For many years, after we acquired DST's communications business at the beginning of fiscal '17, the combined business contributed double-digit earnings growth by delivering strong synergies and scale. More recently, we've seen these efficiencies help us drive new client wins. And now our digital capabilities are enabling Broadridge to play a new and more central role in how our clients service and grow their business. This is the vision we laid out when we made the acquisition, and it's exciting to see it bear fruit. Third, our capital markets business have never been in a stronger position. Our ability to address the entire trade life cycle puts us in a unique position to help our clients simplify their complex operations. As we integrated Itiviti, we have built the capabilities that will link our front and back-office solutions and the market receptivity has been strong. Fourth, our Broadridge wealth platform will enable our clients to drive digital transformation on their terms through a wide set of modular solutions targeting adviser productivity, improved investor experience and digitized operations. We've now completed the elevated investment phase of our growth strategy, and we are well positioned to attack this growing market. Lastly, we're delivering another year of strong and consistent financial results. After a strong third quarter, our full year outlook calls for high single-digit recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth. The successes we are discussing today require investments, significant investments in the case of BTCS and wealth. Now we're exiting that investment phase. Which means that our free cash flow conversion is starting to return to historical levels, which we will expect -- which we expect will result in improving ROIC as well. In summary, Broadridge is delivering strong fiscal '23 year results across multiple fronts. Our key operating metrics continue to grow. We made important steps in strengthening key parts of our governance, capital markets and wealth franchises, and we are reaffirming our outlook for another year of consistent financial results backed by improving free cash flow. Broadridge is well positioned to drive long-term and sustainable growth. I want to conclude by thanking our associates, many of whom are listening to this call. Our commitment to client service consistently sets us apart with our clients. That is a big testament to the work of our highly engaged associates around the world. They continue to make a difference for our clients and for millions of investors every day. Thank you. And with that, let me turn things over to Edmund.
Edmund Reese : Well, thank you, Tim. And good morning, everyone. Today, I am going to review our Q3 financial performance. I want to provide some additional insights on our rising free cash flow conversion. And I'll outline the drivers of our Q4 growth, which give us confidence in our recurring revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal '23. Starting with Q3, I am pleased to share the results from another strong quarter, where recurring revenue growth and continued disciplined expense management drove mid-single-digit adjusted EPS growth despite weaker event-driven revenue in the challenging macroeconomic environment. We continue to see robust organic recurring revenue growth from converting our sales backlog to revenue and healthy position growth. And as you can see from the financial summary on Slide 6, recurring revenue rose to over $1.1 billion, up 9% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 10% as we lapped elevated investments in fiscal '22 and realized the benefit from targeted cost actions that we initiated in Q4 '22, both of which more than offset the impact of lower event-driven revenue. AOI margins of 21% expanded 60 basis points and adjusted EPS rose 6% to $2.05. Finally, we delivered closed sales of $62 million, up 8% over Q3 '22. And I'll remind you that while higher interest expense partially offsets the operating income growth, the interest rate impact at the Broadridge level is fully offset by the higher float income in our ICS segment. On taxes, we continue to project an overall tax rate of approximately 21% for fiscal '23. And let's get into the details of the Q3 results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 7. Recurring revenues grew 9% to $1.1 billion in Q3 '23 and was at the high end of our full year guidance range of 6% to 9%. Our recurring revenue growth was all organic, again, keeping us on track to exceed our 5% to 7% 3-year growth objective. Let's turn now to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continue to see strong growth in both of our segments. ICS recurring revenues grew 11%, all organic to $693 million, with regulatory at 8% and double-digit growth across all other product lines. Continued growth in equity and fund positions underpinned an 8% increase in regulatory revenues to $346 million. Data-driven fund solution revenues increased by 14% to $102 million, primarily due to the higher float revenue in our mutual fund trade processing unit. Our issuer revenues grew 25% to $58 million, led by growth in our registered and shareholder disclosure solutions. Finally, we continue to benefit from strong demand in our customer communications business, where recurring revenue rose 10% to $188 million, led by new client wins and higher volumes in print as well as double-digit growth in our higher-margin digital business. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenues grew to $388 million or 7%, driven by new sales revenue and wealth management and strength in our global post-trade products and capital markets. Capital markets revenue grew 5% to $246 million propelled by new sales growth and higher fixed income trading volumes, which offset the grow-over impact from higher license revenue in Q3 '22. Wealth and investment management revenue increased by 10% to $143 million, led by healthy growth from new sales and professional service fees. As a reminder, license revenues can impact quarterly revenue growth, and we expect a grow-over impact in Q4 for wealth management. Looking forward, I have a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver GTO full year organic growth within our targeted 5% to 7% range, given our strong results over the past 9 months. Let's now turn to Slide 9 for a closer look at volume trends. We had healthy position growth for both equities and funds in the third quarter despite the market volatility. Equity position growth was 10% in the quarter, and growth was driven by continued double-digit growth in managed accounts and while more modest continued growth in self-directed accounts. We are now in the peak period for annual meetings and proxies. And through the end of April, we have received record data for 92% of the proxies that are expected for the year. Position growth results have consistently been in line with our testing. So this data gives us high confidence in our Q4 estimate. For the full year, we expect equity position growth of approximately 8%. We continue to be encouraged by expanding investor participation in financial markets serving as a long-term tailwind that drives growth in our business. Mutual fund position growth remained steady at 6% despite outflows from equity and fixed income funds to money market funds, and we anticipate growth in a similar range for Q4 and for the full year. Turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes grew 1% on the blended basis in Q3. And once again, we saw a difference in asset classes with increased volatility driving double-digit fixed income volume growth now for 7 consecutive quarters and a modest decline in equity volume growth given the lower activity at our retail wealth management clients. We will be lapping a strong Q4 '22, but we expect full year trading volume growth to be better than our initial guidance and slightly up for the year. Let's now move to Slide 10, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenue growth of 9% was all organic and balanced between net new business and internal growth. Revenue from closed sales and our continued high retention from existing customers provided 4 points and internal growth primarily positions, trading volumes and float income contributed 5 points. Foreign exchange impacted recurring revenue by 1 point with the majority of that impact coming in our GTO business, as you can see, in the table on the bottom of the slide. I'll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on Slide 11. Total revenue grew 7% in Q3 to $1.6 billion including 5 points of growth from recurring revenue. Event-driven revenue was down $7 million and was a modest headwind to growth as we saw continued lower mutual fund proxy activity. I will again highlight that lower mutual fund proxy activity is driven by the timing of fund and ETF board elections, which may be pushed back but are not an optional activity. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, we expect activity to remain weaker in Q4 with full year revenue in the $210 million to $220 million range, below the $240 million to $260 million level that we've seen in recent years. Low to no margin distribution revenues increased by 8% and contributed 3 points to total revenue growth as the higher volumes in customer communications and the impact of postal rate increases more than offset the lower event-driven activity. We continue to expect double-digit distribution revenue growth for the full year, and I'll again reiterate that the elevated distribution revenue from postal rate increases and higher customer communications volumes have a dilutive impact on our reported adjusted operating income margin. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin for Q3 was 21%, a 60 basis point improvement over the prior year, driven by a combination of operating leverage in our business, higher float income and continued disciplined expense management and the impact of targeted cost actions that we initiated at the end of Q4 '22. Our progress through 3 quarters gives us increased confidence that we will be able to offset inflation and FX impacts and deliver on our margin expansion objective of approximately 50 basis points for fiscal '23. Let's move ahead to closed sales on Slide 13. Third quarter closed sales were $62 million, up from $57 million in Q3 '22 and bringing our year-to-date total to $156 million, $13 million below Q3 year-to-date '22. Over the last 5 years, we have closed on average 46% of our full year sales in the fourth quarter. So meeting our full year close sales objective continues to be heavily dependent on Q4 performance. I'll turn now to cash flow on Slide 14. Q3 '23 free cash flow strengthened to $162 million, up 189% from $56 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow conversion over the last 12 months calculated as free cash flow over adjusted net earnings improved 12 points sequentially to 63%, driven by operating cash flow improvement. And this improvement was the product of strong working capital management and most notably, a year-over-year decline in the level of client platform spend consistent with our expectations. Total client platform spend for Q3 '23 was $74 million, a reduction from last year's $114 million. The wealth platform was the primary component of the investment in the quarter and the lower spend demonstrates our progress in completing the testing and development phase of that project. We are clearly managing the investment spend, and we now expect to deliver fiscal year '23 free cash flow conversion that is significantly higher than fiscal '22, and we remain confident that we will continue to return to more historical levels of free cash flow conversion in fiscal year '24. And before moving on from our client platform spend, I'll add that consistent with our prior comments, we are on track to complete the spend on the wealth platform in Q4 '23 and recognized revenue during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. And as Tim said, we've made progress on finalizing a rollout approach that delivers solid economics to Broadridge, and we'll share more on the near-term economics when we finalize the plan with UBS. We continue to have confidence that the operating leverage and the ability to prioritize other investments inherent in our business model will allow us to mitigate the dilutive impact and continue to deliver on our earnings growth objectives. Let's now move to Slide 15 to discuss capital allocation. On Slide 15, you see that year-to-date, we've spent $315 million on investments for growth and returned $214 million to shareholders. Our capital allocation model balances investment for growth with capital return to shareholders while maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. And we feel very good that the combination of our earnings growth and free cash flow after lower client platform spend in fiscal year '23 has us on track to pay down debt and continue to make progress towards the 2.5x leverage ratio objective that we communicated at the time of the Itiviti acquisition. Next, let's turn to our updated guidance on Slide 16 and some final thoughts on our fourth quarter. First, we expect to deliver recurring revenue growth at the higher end of our 6% to 9% guidance range. And as always, this guidance reflects a constant currency view. And it's important to note that year-to-date, there is a [1.8 point] differential between the reported and the constant currency recurring revenue growth. Second, we are reaffirming our adjusted operating income margin expansion guidance of approximately 50 basis points and adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 11%. Finally, on closed sales, we expect to be near the low end of $270 million to $310 million. And I want to reiterate that the delays in the timing of sales have only a very modest impact on our medium-term revenue outlook given our strong sales backlog. Embedded in this full year guidance is a strong Q4 '23, and there are 3 items worth highlighting as the primary drivers of growth in Q4. First, continued conversion of sales to revenue, and I'll emphasize the visibility that the revenue backlog provides. Second, proxy revenue from position growth and as I said earlier, we have strong visibility into this seasonally important quarter, having already received over 92% of record data. Finally, significant margin expansion as we grow over discrete growth investments in fiscal '22 and see the impact of targeted cost initiatives that we initiated at the end of Q4 '22. And before I close, I want to quickly address some questions that we've received over the last few weeks about our exposure to regional banks. First, our revenue exposure from the banks that have stopped operating is less than 20 basis points of our $3.7 billion of fiscal '22 recurring revenue. Regional banks more broadly make up less than 2% of our overall recurring revenues across the more than 900 client relationships. Finally, the overwhelming majority of our banking operations and deposits with the systematically important banks is our internal policies prioritize safety of capital. So again, we have very small exposure to these institutions. With that final note, I will close by reiterating my key messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q3 financial results. We are positioned to deliver strong fourth quarter results and more importantly, another strong fiscal year. Our updated guidance calls for the higher end of 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, constant currency, higher margins and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. We have finalized the wealth platform development and testing, our past or peak investment spend and once again, driving strong free cash flow allowing us to pay down debt and progress on our investment-grade 2.5 leverage ratio objective. The strength and resiliency of our business and financial model is visible in our performance and as Tim noted, we are poised to deliver against our 3-year growth objectives for the fourth consecutive time.  And with that, let's take your questions. Back to you, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David Togut : Could you just go perhaps a level deeper, Tim, on some of the delays you're seeing in new bookings, particularly why you think some of the longer sales cycles in Europe will kind of reach fruition over the next couple of quarters and not materially affect FY '24?
Tim Gokey: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Dave. And we are -- when we look at our overall pipeline, it is stronger than it's ever been. And when we look at the quality of the conversations that we're having and the exciting, and in some cases, transformational opportunities we're pursuing, we just see continued ways that we can really make a big difference for the industry. So we really like the conversations we're in. And then at the same time, there is a lot going on in the world. And so there's that phase between when you have agreement on what you're doing and when you get all the contracting and everything done and that can expand or contract based on all the things that are going on in those particular institutions. There haven't been any opportunities that have gone away. And with -- and it's just one of the things we always do a lot of our sales in the fourth quarter, makes it very hard to predict exactly when things will come in. In the end, remember, as I know you well know, all of that adds to a backlog of projects which we then need to work through, we need to staff, put teams on and get going. And so whether something closes in June or it closes in July, it really has an immaterial impact on our revenue in the long run. So we're seeing great demand. We are really pleased, and we're really excited about the new solutions across each of the areas that I could go on about, but I won't. And so we'll just -- we'll play it by a year, but we did -- like others, we are seeing a lot of things going on in our clients. And so we're working hard to get there.
David Togut : Appreciate that. And just as a follow-up, Edmund, I've received some investor questions about the implied fourth quarter guide, perhaps suggesting a steeper-than-normal ramp versus the March quarter. And I know you did call out kind of extensive testing pointing to a strong proxy season. But is there anything else in the implied fourth quarter guide that would suggest a steeper June versus March quarter ramp?
Edmund Reese : So David, thanks for the question. And I think you hit on one important key component, and that is the position growth from equities. And we gave -- we've been saying the entire year that, that would be mid- to high single-digit growth and now having 92% of the record data in strong, strong visibility for this year and we can point directly to approximately 8%, right in line with what we've been saying all year. The other component, though, to call out, and I did mention this in the remarks, is on our continued ability to drive operating expansion in the business. We had this operating leverage in both of our businesses. So as we bring on new revenue, we see benefit there. We had 60 basis points of expansion in Q3, right in line with our expectations and we expect that operating leverage to continue to drive impact in Q4. And I know you'll remember that in Q4 '22, we announced some targeted actions. So we continue to rightsize our real estate footprint, particularly as we think about the new hybrid work environment. We slowed our hiring. We took other targeted cost actions as well. And we expect to see those benefits come to fruition in our Q4 '23 as well. So when you add that equity position growth and you add the operating leverage in our business and the explicit actions that we are taking for Q4 '23, that gives us high confidence that we'll be able to have the margin expansion and drive the earnings growth for the full year.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Perlin of RBC.
Daniel Perlin : I wanted to just touch base on the free cash flow conversion. It was great to see that, that's ramping back to kind of 63%. The question is, how do we think about the pacing of that kind of from here given the heavy lift is kind of behind us. Anything that you can help us kind of reconcile as you think about it getting back to closer to 100% free cash flow conversion?
Edmund Reese : Yes. I mean -- so thanks, good to have you join the call, Dan, first of all.
Daniel Perlin : Good to be here.
Edmund Reese : What I would say is you've seen the sequential uptick 48% from fiscal '22, which had our peak level of investment in it. We said that, that client platform spend was going to be lower beginning in Q2 of '23 after going through our peak quarter of Q1, and we saw that client platform spend was down 50% in Q3 -- in Q2 and is down 35% in Q3, and I expect to see the continued decline year-over-year as we go into Q4 as well. As a result, you've seen the free cash flow conversion tick up 10 points over the last 2 quarters and sequentially in each of those two quarters. So as that client platform spend drops, we'll continue to see improvement. We're not yet ready to give exactly what that number is for fiscal '23. But I think the trend you see gives us -- is what gives us high confidence that we'll continue to see it significantly better than fiscal year '22. And as we've been saying this entire time trending towards our more historical levels as we go into Q4 '24 -- as we go into fiscal year '24.
Daniel Perlin : Yes. That's great. And just as a -- my follow-up is really it was a nice quarter, up 10% on a recurring basis. I'm wondering -- you called out a pipeline, I think 40%. So the demand sounds good there. I'm wondering, are there things or I should say, modules in particular, that clients are gravitating towards? Is it just they want to take books of record? Is it order management? Is your alternatives? And you've got a lot of them in this platform. I'm just wondering where, if anything, they're kind of finding the most interest these days?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Dan, thank you very much. And also this is Tim. Also welcome to the call. Thank you. Good to have you here. I think there are -- as we've said in past calls, it is we really like the evolution of how we're going to market in terms of a componentized approach, which really allows clients to, as we call it, transform on their terms, which means really take a North Star and put in place solutions that are on the direction to that North Star that create value along the way. We are seeing a lot of interest in some of the foundational technology, the client and relationship master and that really sort of pulls things together with our onboarding solution. We're seeing strong interest in corporate actions and have multiple firms in the pipeline there. That's been a sore point for the industry for some time. And in addition to the components of the existing platform, they are all the existing solutions we had, which -- things like securities-based lending and other solutions to digital marketing that are -- have strong demand as well. So it's been nice to see the growth this quarter but really more importantly, to see how the pipeline is building over time.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Heckmann of D.A. Davidson.
Peter Heckmann : I just wanted to see if you had any additional thoughts on tailored shareholder reports and where Broadridge might see opportunity to offset some of the revenue loss related to notice and access.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Peter, thank you very much. And a very important topic. And as you know, in the tailored shareholder reports, we'll really enable deeper engagement by investors and they're going to drive digitization. And we think it's something that is ultimately good for funds and makes Broadridge more valuable to its clients. And it is part of a long series of innovations that the industry has undertaken that have been really good for investors and good for the industry. Now as we have talked about, it does create challenges for ourselves with some -- about $30 million of revenue that will go away and challenges for funds because the number of -- basically the number of SKUs that they have since these reports need to be tailored by share class means the number of versions has dramatically increased. And I think I talked last quarter about one fund, where it's going from maybe just under 200 reports to over 1,000. So a real challenge for the industry. We are creating what we believe is a really unique industry solution that will significantly address the challenges that funds face. From a distribution standpoint, while 80% of this is digital, there is still -- 20% of a line is -- there's still a fair bit of print out there. And we're creating a unique print on demand solution that really eliminates the need to inventory, these literally tens of thousands of SKUs and create tens of millions in postal savings for funds by being able to combine mailings and print directly a client that's receiving something print. Instead of 5 different envelopes, print 5 things right off, put them in an envelope in one shot. And so that is a solution that really funds are seeing a lot of power in. And then this also creates a really important opposition -- opportunity in composition. And composition has really been something that's been largely performed by one of our competitors in the industry, hasn't been an area that we have strongly competed in. But a couple of years ago, we bought a composition engine, and it is uniquely suited to help funds solve the problem of having many versions of the same document and of delivering data directly into composed documents, whether those are physically delivered or digitally delivered. And so by putting the composition engine together with the unique print on demand, it's a really unique end-to-end solution that can really simplify this for our clients. So we're actively demoing that end-to-end solution to our clients. The reception has been very positive. And we think with that combination, we should be able to offset or more the revenue that we see.
Peter Heckmann : That's helpful. Helpful insight. And then can you just remind us in terms of the -- I think is it the retirement account trading business that generates the float? And remind us just some of the mechanics there and kind of what type of flow we're talking about.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thank you. So yes, in our retirement business, one of the businesses in there is trading mutual funds on behalf typically of smaller plans and working on behalf of the record keeper to do the fund trading on their behalf. And that does generate float. It's fairly significant. And so as interest rates go up, we get the benefit of that. Our team has been extremely effective. I think the flow-through from interest rates to us has been something in the order of 95%. And so that is something that has really been a counterbalance so that as we have seen interest rates go up on the debt that we have, we've gotten the counterbalancing here. Now I'll say, certainly, as we pay down the debt as we're talking to, that balance will shift positively for us.
Operator: The next question is from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller : So I mean it's great to see the progress on the wealth side and the build-out, when we look at the free cash conversion, I know you talked -- I think it was 100% you said you expected to get to in fiscal '24 last quarter. You may be more reticent to say about guidance now. But any just directional where we see that going in the next couple of years in terms of free cash conversion? And then really as a follow-up on the same business. Again, I mean, you scaled it out. Can you just help us understand it should be a much better operating leverage as you bring on new business now that you've done the heavy lifting, right? And maybe just give us a sense of what it takes to bring on new customers now beyond UBS once we get that going.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Absolutely. Darrin, let me just start with the second part first. Obviously, this, as we have built, the platform has been a significant investment for us. And as we look going forward in terms of bringing on additional clients, we would -- I wouldn't say that the investment to bring on additional clients is 0, but we expect to be much, much lower. It's not the platform build. There's just really the data conversion and things like that. It's also -- since it's a componentized approach, the testing is dramatically simpler. And so the investment to bring on new clients will look a lot more like our regular GTO business, which does have pretty attractive incremental margins. So we do expect good incremental margins on those. Let me come to your free cash flow topic. And let me just wrap in something to that. So -- and just to be clear, I didn't -- none of us said it will be 100% in '24. What we just said is historically, it has been around that number, and we will be going to more historic. So it's a little bit like the transitive property of a equals to b, but we're not committing to that now, and it's a little too early in the cycle for that. I do want to call your attention, though, I think that as we return to high free cash flow conversion, what it really does for us on the capital allocation side. And our capital allocation is really unchanged from what it has been, but the result of that can be different. So we're committed to investment-grade credit rating. We're committed to growing a dividend to then funding high-return internal investments, making high-value tuck-in M&A and then not letting capital build up on the balance sheet to return excess to shareholders. And so we're really at an inflection point now with 2 things going on as we enter '24. So first, we do expect to return to more historic free cash flow conversion. And second, as we exit '23, we're trending strongly towards our committed 2.5x leverage, which means a lot less need for debt paydown. So therefore, and when we get there, which we're not there yet, but when we get there, we'll have a lot more flexibility to return to our historic approach on capital allocation that really balances share buybacks and strategic tuck-in M&A. And as I mentioned last quarter, we expect an outcome of all of that to drive increased ROIC to the mid- to high teens over the medium term. So we do think that this -- we did want to make an emphasis on the cash flow point in this quarter because we do think we're sort of turning a page here and moving to something that people will like going forward.
Darrin Peller : Okay. That's really helpful. Just a quick follow-up. I mean, when -- maybe preliminary, but any early thoughts on what UBS and Crédit Suisse coming together means for that business? And then actually, I did want to touch on position growth also. I mean, I think it accelerated a point when we look at equity position growth. When you think about what the normal rate of growth there is, I mean, it obviously has been strong for, like you said, a couple of years now. And so -- just maybe reiterate, are we in the new norm now? Or what you think we can see over the next 12 months, assuming savings rates stay relatively -- I guess, depending on what savings rates and unemployment levels do, et cetera?
Tim Gokey: Sure. Let me take the Crédit Suisse, UBS piece first. And to be clear, the transaction hasn't closed, UBS has not completed its integration plan. So all of this is very preliminary. But if you look at the footprint of the 2 institutions and how it lines up versus us, first of all, on the wealth side, Crédit Suisse does not have a significant wealth business in the United States. There's very little impact there. I will note that UBS has reaffirmed that continuing to grow U.S. wealth will be a strategic priority for UBS. And so in terms of the work that we're doing with them on the wealth side, that will continue. And we've seen really no slowdown in their focus on that. The other side of things is the capital market side. And as you may know, UBS is an important client for us on the capital market side in North America. Crédit Suisse is as not a client for us on that side. And so that's an opportunity. UBS does plan what they've said certainly as a sort of speculation. What they said is that they will be reducing the size of that business in Crédit Suisse. But that said, whatever is left. And again, I don't have any specific information on this, but it would be logical for them to try to consolidate infrastructure and to bring that on to the Broadridge infrastructure. So we think that will be a modest uptick for us. So as we look at that overall transaction, we're seeing it as a modest uptick. Then on to position growth, it's a bit of a two-fold question there, Darrin. But on to position growth, it has been elevated the past 2 years, and investors have wondered if we'd see positions decline to pre-pandemic levels or if it would grow from that new base. And that's been a question throughout this year. I think now with 92% of the data in for this year, we feel pretty confident in our outlook. We do have early testing on the first half of next year. It's pretty early to make any real reference about that, and that is a relatively small part of the year. But all that said, there's nothing in that, that indicates anything other than a continuation of the trends next year that we're seeing now. And so I think our conclusion on this is that there was a sort of a fundamental onetime lift that took place during the pandemic as people moved on to some of the new free trading apps and other kinds of things. And then what we're seeing is on top of that new base the continued growth from the other long-term drivers that you and I have discussed before, including managed accounts and more recently direct indexing. So that's sort of how we're seeing it play out. We have a little less insight on sort of specific economic indicators and things like that, but really just more focused on the long-term trends.
Operator: The next question is from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette : Appreciate your comments on capital allocation and how you expect that to change or return to previous uses. I'm just wondering on particularly acquisitions. We saw acquisition of one of your BTCS competitors in SimCorp over the past week? And how does that impact your thinking on acquisitions generally and how should we be thinking about the assets you could be targeting either by geography or product, et cetera?
Tim Gokey: Sure. James, thank you. And I think, first of all, relative to Deutsche Börse and SimCorp coming together, I think that is -- that has relatively low impact on us. We almost never compete with SimCorp, and they have an interesting theory about putting their data assets together with essentially a sort of a back-office product, and we'll see how that plays. But we don't really compete directly with them. So I don't see it any direct competitive impact. In terms of how we think about the market, I think it has been somewhat fortuitous and this time that we've been out of the market that there's really been very little activity. I think most people are predicting that there will be some increased activity over the next 12 months. At the same time, I think that asset levels or asset pricing is still pretty elevated despite the downturn. And so I think you see us being pretty selective with a pretty high bar sort of irrespective of the avenue. We really look for things where we are sort of uniquely the best owner. If you think about the kinds of assets that we would be interested in if they were to become available, obviously, we've done a lot of investment over the past few years on the GTO side of the business. And there are a lot of opportunities on the ICS side that we'd be looking for. So I think that's what you'd see. And but if that's not the right thing, then we'll return on new shareholders.
Edmund Reese : And the only thing I'd add to what Tim said, which was spot on, James, is that we continue to have our revenue growth model focused on organic growth. We drive 5 to 7 points of our recurring revenue from organic growth drivers. And if we find, as Tim just said, the right sort of tuck-in strategic fit, then we could expect to see 1 to 2 points of growth from that.
James Faucette : Got it. And then I just want to drill down a little bit more on the UBS, Crédit Suisse situation, particularly as it relates to any updates that you might have for us around ACV. I think previously, you've been targeting around $100 million or so once we have go live in the first quarter of fiscal '24, do you still expect that quarterly run rate to be in that same range? And I guess, I know there's a lot of moving pieces over there right now. But when -- I guess based on previous experience, how long should we expect before you can get a more concrete or clear view on where that should end up and where the opportunities may or may not lie?
Edmund Reese : So let me start, James, and Tim might jump in here. As we just said in the prepared remarks, we are now complete with the development and the testing of it and still on track to go live in this calendar year and start to recognize revenue in fiscal -- in our first quarter fiscal '24. And when we finalize that rollout plan with them, we'll share more specifics on the economics of it. As we said before, we'll recognize that revenue in fiscal '24 in the first quarter of that. It will be dilutive to us. As Tim just said, we have a very strong pipeline. We'll be able to bring on more sales that are at very accretive margins to us to help us get back to the returns that we've historically seen in our rollout. And so that's what we're focused on now, and we'll share more as we finalize the plans with UBS.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add to that is just qualitatively, as UBS has shifted to this more agile modular approach where they are implementing in phases, when the revenue comes on, it will be less than that $100 million number and not dramatically, but it will be less and but also the investment in the amortization will be less, and we'll be able to lay that out when we can.
Operator: The next question is from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain : I just had like a question on closed sales, like the lowered expectations for this year. Like is that something you would attribute to a weak macro? Like are you seeing any, like the clients delaying decision-making like in your pipeline?
Tim Gokey: Sure. Sure, Puneet. I think that -- I think part of the good news is that our clients are continuing to prioritize their technology spend. And I think they view -- in many cases, they view that as table stakes to continue to drive their business forward. And so it's interesting that we haven't really seen any decline in the volume of conversations. And so that's what makes us believe that this is more of a timing issue. Is it weak macro? Is it just the number of other moving parts that they have? It's hard for us to untangle those. But it's -- what we're heartened by is that the conversations continue to be very positive.
Puneet Jain : Got it. And then on the Q4 guidance, the implied guidance for Q4, what should we expect for contribution from internal growth, like the trade volume, record growth versus new sales contribution?
Edmund Reese : So Puneet, we've continued to see balanced growth across those 2 items, not just this year, but historically, over the past few years, balanced growth, half of it coming from converting the sales backlog, that Tim mentioned earlier, to revenue. We saw 4 points from that in this quarter and the other half coming from the position growth that we've seen and other trading growth in our GTO business. In this particular quarter, we saw 5 points coming from that. And I think you're going to continue to see that same balance of contribution from those 2 areas as we move forward into Q4 and again, as I mentioned to David earlier, I think our -- the actions that we've taken on the expense management side of it will play a big role in our ability to be able to hit the Q4 objective as well.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Tim Gokey : Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, who has joined us today. I hope, as you can tell, we're excited about our progress against our long-term objectives and about the way those are playing out within this year and how that sets us up for the future. We are making important progress on our key strategic milestones across each of our businesses of governance, capital markets and wealth. We're seeing the benefits of that in our business results, and we're seeing the benefits of that in really increasingly strong free cash flow. So thank you very much for your interest in Broadridge. We look forward to reporting the results of another strong and consistent year to you when we meet in August. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note the event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everybody and welcome to Broadridge's second quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. With that done, let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Timothy Gokey: Thanks, Edings. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to be here to review our strong second quarter performance. I'll start with a quick summary of our results and key headlines followed by a review of our business. I'll close with some thoughts on why my recent client meetings have given me even more confidence that Broadridge remains well positioned to grow even in an uncertain market. First, on Slide 3, Broadridge delivered another strong quarter. Recurring revenues rose 8% on a constant currency basis, with strong growth across both our segments. Adjusted EPS rose 11%, driven by the combination of strong growth and disciplined expense management. Second, this performance highlights the strength and resilience of our business. Clearly, the market backdrop remains uneven. Equity markets rose slightly in the quarter, capping off a year of strongly negative returns. Rates continue to rise. Volatility remained high. Asset managers pulled back on discretionary expenditures and the dollar remained very strong. In the face of this uncertainty, Broadridge's resilient business model with 93% recurring fee revenues continued to perform. Moreover, our long-term business drivers remain healthy. We're benefiting from a strong sales backlog, robust investor participation and significant demand for our digital solutions, which, along with disciplined cost management are enabling us to drive top and bottom line growth. Third, investor participation in particular remains at very healthy levels. Broadridge benefited from mid to high-single digit position growth across both funds and equities. And we expect to see further growth ahead in the second half. Fourth, we are executing on our long-term growth initiatives. We're innovating in governance, including pass-through voting, tailored shareholder reports and digital communications, and we continued our strong momentum in capital markets. Fifth and finally, we are reaffirming our guidance for the full year. We continue to expect to deliver 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, constant currency, expanding margins and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. Now let's turn to Slide 4 for a review of our results, beginning with our governance or ICS business, which reported another strong quarter. The biggest driver of our 10% growth in ICS continues to be new sales in our Fund Solutions and Customer Communications businesses. Equity position growth remained strong, driven by double-digit growth in managed accounts and mid-single digit growth in non-managed accounts. On position growth, while still healthy, slowed to 6% as investors rotated away from the traditional active strategies into ETFs and passes. Looking ahead to the seasonally larger second half of the year, we expect further growth across both equities and funds. Demand for our innovative solutions remains strong as evidenced by significant interest amongst our asset manager clients to offer their investors both institutional and retail, choice on how their underlying shares are voted. Just yesterday, we launched a new pilot for individual investors with another leading passive asset manager. And we're in discussions with a number of other fund complexes. We're also continuing to work with our fund clients to develop our future road map for tailored shareholder reports, which will fill a critical need for the industry. Beyond our regulatory products, we're seeing strong demand for digital communications with a second major client signing for our wealth and focused platform during the quarter. This omnichannel product suite offers enhanced investor engagement while delivering near-term cost savings through increased digitization of critical communications. That has proven to be a compelling combination for our customer communications clients. We've been investing steadily in building these capabilities over the past few years, and I'm pleased to see that investment now turning into meaningful revenue with key clients. Turning to capital markets. Recurring revenues rose 12%, driven in part by the continued strong performance of Broadridge trading and Connected Solutions, or BTCS, where our market share gains are driving growth. I was also pleased to see cross-selling start to contribute to new sales as well as we won a new client in the quarter that has long been targeted by BTCS, and that made the decision to switch now based on their trust in Broadridge. Our other capital markets product also performed well as our themes of simplifying globally, front to back, and within the front office are resonating with clients. We also continue to see progress in digital ledger repo with a strong pipeline of discussions with new institutions. Wealth and Investment Management declined year-over-year as positive core growth was offset by lower license revenue. We continue to hit key Wealth Management platform milestones. UBS advisers are transitioning under the latest generation of our workstation with continued very positive feedback. We've now completed development of all 29 platform areas and testing for 26 to 29. We are working closely with the new management at UBS as they refine their approach to rolling out the remainder of the platform and we continue to expect to begin to recognize revenue in mid-calendar '23. Our sales pipeline is strong. And as Edmund will discuss, our investment levels have decreased as we shift into this new phase. Moving to Closed sales. Year-to-date Closed sales were $94 million. Client engagement around our next-generation technology remains high, and our pipeline entering calendar '23 is stronger than it ever has been. As a result, our sales expectations for fiscal '23 are unchanged. I'll close my remarks on Slide 5. Over the past several weeks, I have met with more than 30 CEO and C-suite clients in North America and Europe. The message from them is clear. They are continuing to push our next-generation technology. They are looking for long-term partners that invest in their business, and they like a componentized approach that creates value along the way. These critical needs are strongly aligned with our strategy and direction. And I'm confident that Broadridge is well positioned for growth in a market that remains uncertain. That confidence starts with our strong market positions across all three of our franchises based on mission critical infrastructure we provide that enables corporate governance and power trading and investing and is coupled with our strong track record of innovation and client service. We've invested to bring more value to clients and to meet their need for next-generation technology by building or acquiring critical solutions and adding talent and technology. These investments are playing a key role in driving the strong revenue growth we reported today, and we expect to see over the balance of the year. Importantly, we're innovating. As we talked about today, we're continuing to deliver new governance solutions. Our digital communications capabilities are gaining traction in the market. Our BTCS business is helping to drive the growth of our capital markets franchise, and we continue to progress Wealth and Investment Management. By aligning with the long-term needs of our clients, we're attacking a $60 billion market opportunity, and we're scaling into a global fintech leader. In an uncertain market, our resilient business model driven by recurring revenue, client focus and a long track record of disciplined expense management, gives us the visibility and confidence to deliver for shareholders. As a result, we're reaffirming our full year guidance for 6% to 9% constant currency recurring revenue growth and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. And in turn, we expect to deliver at or above the higher end of our three year objectives. When we do that, it will be the fourth consecutive three year period in which we've delivered on our objectives. Finally, we're past the peak investment period in our platform solutions. Positioning us to begin to return to a more historical strong free cash flow conversion and giving us additional flexibility to drive returns for our shareholders. In sum, Broadridge is delivering on the growth plan we shared at our last Investor Day. I want to close by thanking our associates. The work Broadridge does is important and makes a difference for millions of investors. None of it will be possible without our associates' talent, knowledge and effort which enables us to deliver exceptional products and service at scale for our clients and for our clients' clients. So thank you. Now I'll turn the call over to Edwin for a review of our financials.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share the results from another strong quarter where recurring revenue growth and continued disciplined expense management drove double-digit adjusted EPS growth, even in the challenging macroeconomic environment. We continue to see organic recurring revenue growth from converting our sales backlog to revenue and healthy position growth. This performance in Q2 and the continued execution of our strategy gives us the confidence to reaffirm our fiscal '23 guidance. As you can see from the financial summary on Slide 6, recurring revenues rose to $840 million, up 8% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income increased 23% as we lapped elevated investment in fiscal '22 and realize the benefit from targeted cost actions that we initiated in Q4 '22, both of which more than offset the impact of the lower event driven revenue. AOI margins of 13.4% expanded 220 basis points, and adjusted EPS rose 11% to $0.91. Finally, we delivered closed sales of $65 million. I'll note that the operating income growth is being offset by lower discrete tax items in Q2 '23 and interest rates. On taxes, we continue to project an overall tax rate of 21% for fiscal '23. And I'll remind you that while higher interest expense partially offsets operating income growth, the interest rate impact at the Broadridge level is fully offset by higher float income in our ICS segment. Let’s get into the details of Q2 results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 7. Recurring revenue grew 8% to $840 million in Q2 '23, marking a second consecutive quarter near the higher end of our full year guidance range of 6% to 9%. Our recurring revenue growth was all organic, again, keeping us on track to exceed our 5% to 7% three year growth objective. Let's turn now to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continue to see growth in both of our segments. ICS recurring revenues grew 10%, all organic to $467 million, with regulatory at 9% and double-digit growth across all other product lines. The 9% increase to $181 million in regulatory revenue was driven by continued growth in equity and fund positions. Data driven Fund Solutions revenue grew 11% to $96 million, propelled by revenue from sales in our data and analytics products and higher float revenue in our mutual fund trade processing unit. Our issuer business revenue increased 12% to $27 million, led by growth in our registered shareholder solutions. Finally, we continue to benefit from strong demand in our Customer Communications business. Where recurring revenues rose 11% to $163 million, driven by new client wins in print and growth in our higher-margin digital business. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenues grew to $373 million or 6%, driven by new sales and continued strength in our capital markets, including BTCS, Capital Markets revenues grew 12% to $235 million, again propelled by strong growth from BTCS, new sales and higher fixed income trading volumes. Wealth and Investment Management revenues declined by 3% to $138 million. Growth from sales was offset by a decline in license revenue as we grew over a large client renewal from Q2 '22. As a reminder, license revenues can impact quarterly revenue growth, and we expect to grow over impact in Q3 for capital markets and in Q4 for Wealth Management. Looking forward, we expect GTO full year organic growth to be within our targeted 5% to 7% range. Now let's turn to Slide 9 for a closer look at volume trends. We had solid position growth for both equities and funds. As you can see by our results, investor participation in financial markets has remained steady despite market volatility. And we continue to be encouraged by this long-term tailwind. Equity position growth of 9% was driven by continued double-digit growth in managed accounts. Looking to the seasonally larger second half, our testing continues to show mid-single digit growth. And with those results, we continue to expect equity position growth in the mid to high-single digit range for the full year. Mutual fund position growth moderated from Q1 '23 levels, but still grew 6%, largely driven by the growth in passive funds. We expect to see continued mid-single digit growth in the second half. Turning now to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes grew 5% on a blended basis in Q2 driven by double-digit fixed income volume growth and modest equity volume growth as continued higher trading by institutional investors more than offset the lower activity at our retail wealth management clients. As we lap a strong Q4 '22, we continue to expect full year trading volume growth to be essentially flat for the year. Let's now move to Slide 10, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenue growth of 8% was all organic and this organic growth was balanced between net new business and internal growth. Revenue from closed sales and our continued high retention from existing customers contributed 4 points and internal growth primarily positioned growth in trading volumes also contributed 4 points. Foreign exchange impacted recurring revenue by 2 points with the bulk of that impact coming in our GTO business, as you can see in the table on the bottom of the slide. I'll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on Slide 11. Total revenue grew 3% in Q2 to $1.3 billion, with recurring revenue being the largest contributor driving 4 points of growth. Event driven revenue was down $27 million from the prior year and was a headwind of 2 points as mutual fund proxy activity slowed to a historically low level, the lower mutual fund proxy activity is driven by the timing of fund in ETF board elections as funds reacted to the combination of weaker markets and record withdrawals. Board elections for these funds may be pushed back from time-to-time, but they are not an optional activity and over the long term, event driven revenue will grow in line with fund and ETF position growth. Looking ahead to the second half of fiscal '23, we expect the combination of higher contest activity and lower mutual fund activity will have us trending towards the low end of the $240 million to $260 million range that we've seen in recent years. Low to no margin distribution revenues increased by 3% and contributed 1 point to total revenue growth, as the higher volumes in customer communications and the impact of the July postal rate increases offset lower event-driven activity. We continue to expect double-digit distribution revenue growth for the full year. And I'll reiterate that the elevated distribution revenue from July and January postal rate increases and higher customer communications volumes have a dilutive impact on our reported adjusted operating income margin. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin for Q2 '23 was 13.4%, a 220 basis points improvement over Q2 '22, driven by the operating leverage in our business, higher float income, continued disciplined expense management and the impact of targeted cost actions that we initiated at the end of Q4 '22. Our progress through Q2 gives us increased confidence that we will be able to offset inflation and FX impacts and deliver on our margin expansion objective of approximately 50 basis points for fiscal '23. Let's move ahead to Closed sales on Slide 13. Second quarter closed sales of $65 million which brings our year-to-date total to $94 million, that's 16% off of H1 '22. Strong ICS sales in the quarter were powered by the large digital wealth and focused sales that Tim mentioned earlier. As a reminder, closed sales are historically weighted towards the fourth quarter. And given our robust pipeline, we remain on track to achieve our full year closed sales guidance of between $270 million to $310 million. I'll turn now to cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 14. I'll start with a reminder that Broadridge's cash flow generation is typically negative in the fiscal first quarter and strengthens over the course of the year. And we're seeing that trend play out again this year. Q2 '23 free cash flow improved to $104 million, up 276% from $28 million last year. Free cash flow conversion calculated as free cash flow over adjusted net earnings was up 10 points over last year to 51% driven by operating cash flow improvement. This improvement was the product of higher earnings, strong working capital management and most notably, a year-over-year and sequential decline in the level of client platform spend as we expected. Total client platform spent for Q2 '23 was $78 million, a reduction from last year's $154 million and less than half of the Q1 '23 level of $163 million. The wealth platform accounted for the majority of the investment in the quarter and the lower spend is a strong indicator of our progress in completing the development of that project. As we remain on track to recognize revenue on the wealth platform in mid calendar '23, we expect client platform spending to continue to be lower than last year. Keeping us on track to deliver free cash flow conversion that is higher than fiscal '22. We remain confident that we will return to more historical levels of free cash flow conversion in fiscal year '24. On Slide 15, you see that the client platform spend is our most significant use of cash and that we continue to return capital to our shareholders through the dividend. Let's turn now to Slide 16 to review our fiscal year '23 guidance, followed by some final thoughts on the second quarter results. We are reaffirming our full year guidance on all of our key financial metrics. We continue to expect 6% to 9% constant currency recurring revenue growth driven by healthy growth across ICS and GTO approximately 50 basis points of adjusted operating income margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth in the 7% to 11% range and closed sales between $270 million to $310 million. And before I move on from guidance, let me briefly discuss our second half outlook, which is embedded in that full year guidance. We expect Q3 adjusted EPS growth to be in the low to mid-single digit range as the impact of continued recurring revenue growth is partially offset by lower capital markets license revenue. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be higher in the seasonally larger fourth quarter as we recognize the benefit of growth in our proxy business and the timing of investments. Finally, let me reiterate my key messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q2 financial results. Demand for our mission critical technology is strong, and our testing is showing continued equity and fund position growth in a seasonally larger second half of the fiscal year. We are now past the peak period of investment and again, driving strong free cash flow in Q2 '23, and we continue to expect our client platform spend to be lower than last year, resulting in improved free cash flow conversion in fiscal '23 and a return to a more historical conversion level in fiscal '24. We have a resilient business and financial model with a proven track record of performance through the economic cycle, but we are reaffirming our fiscal year '23 guidance. With that, let's take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Good morning. I'll ask my question and follow-up together upfront. First, both Tim and Edmund, you reiterated your view that you'll recognize revenue from the UBS contract in mid-calendar 2023. What does the annualized revenue and profit run rate look like from that contract kind of once you're up and running?
Timothy Gokey: I'm sorry, was that the follow-up as well, David?
David Togut: That's the first question. The second question is really the guide to decelerating stock record growth in the second half to mid-single digit from 9%. What's behind the deceleration in stock record growth in the back half?
Timothy Gokey: Okay. Perfect.
Edmund Reese: Maybe I'll start off with the first question. And good morning, David, and thanks for the question. I mentioned on our last call, in Q1 -- for Q1 '23 in November that we expected the annualized revenue on the existing and in-flight contracts that we're working on to be roughly $100 million and the amortization associated with all of the build and conversion cost to be roughly about $65 million. We continue, as I said in my prepared remarks, to expect to recognize revenue in mid-calendar '23, this will not be at the full annualized amount that I just mentioned and that we shared in November. The fiscal '24 specific amount will be subject to the rollout approach that UBS has and will have a more definitive view of what those near-term economics are when we finalize those plans. And as we've previously mentioned, I'll go on to say that we do expect it to be dilutive to margins, but we can offset that and continue to deliver margin expansion. I think the important thing, as we mentioned -- we both mentioned in our prepared remarks is that we're now past that peak period of investment and expect to return to more historical free cash flow and be able to deliver on our long-term financial objectives. Tim, I'll maybe turn it to you for the second component.
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. And I think just to reiterate, I think Edmund said was right. And David, the really -- for us, this is something we continue to be really excited about in terms of the broader $16 billion opportunity in Wealth Management and how this positions us. And as we look at the components that we've created for UBS and how we are now able to show those to other clients as live software, that makes a real difference in the other sales discussions which is why we're seeing a building sales pipeline, not for other transformational deals, but for a series of components. So we feel good about that. Turning to the second part of your question or the follow-up question on our guide for the second half of the year in terms of stock record growth. I think, clearly, we have been at quite elevated levels of stock record growth over the past couple of years, well above historic sort of mid-single digit norms. And last year, really despite a 20% decline in the market, investor participation remained very healthy with very good growth. So we can't really predict the market. But given its ups and downs, our best indicator is really our forward testing. And that really gives us very good visibility into Q3 and pretty solid visibility into Q4. And really is based on that testing that we expect to see mid to high-single digit growth in the second half of the year. A little bit stronger for equities than for funds, but I think collectively, call it, mid to high-single digits. And we do think the fact that it's not sort of going back to levels of a couple of years ago, sort of not the growth rate, but the overall level really underscores a fundamental lift that has taken place driven by free trading, app based investing, younger investors being involved in the market. And that sort of one-time effect is then building on the continued growth driven by longer-term trends, including growth in managed accounts and more recently, direct indexing.
Edmund Reese: And David, I'd just add to Tim's point. Again, equity position growth of 9% is flat to last year and the testing that Tim just mentioned continues to be in line with what our expectations were in our original guidance and what we have as well at that mid to high-single digit level. So we are reaffirming our guidance and outlook on that. And again, the same thing with the fund position growth as well. You saw a little bit of a deceleration sequentially in that. But again, we said mid to high-single digits, and we still expect that level to play out.
David Togut: Understood. Thanks for that.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Peter Heckmann of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to see if you had any thoughts about where we are in the process of moving to direct indexing. It still seems fairly early. But conceptually, could we see managed accounts and direct indexing continue to generate really interesting growth that leads to strong growth in equity positions, but potentially fund positions continuing to slow down and if that could be the case, how do you think about the -- any relative change in economics due to mix shift?
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. It's Tim. I do think that this is one of those things, it's the latest in a long series of investment product innovations that have help drive sort of the broad trend that we call the democratization of investors on top of things we're all familiar with, like 401(k)s (ph) and IRAs and ETFs and managed accounts. It's pretty early days. I think it is even too early to really sort of pick it up in the numbers, you sort of begin to see it as a sort of like the barest of breezes if you're trying to sort of talk about tailwinds. And I do think it's one of those things that could gain traction. There's a lot of benefits for investors in it relative to tax efficiency. So not a big driver today. I think of it as not necessarily something that is going to lead to a -- I'd like to be here telling you it's going to lead to some sort of fundamental change in the growth trajectory. I think it is something that just really supports the long-term trends that we've seen. And if we see it begin to begin to have a real measurable effect, and we'll begin to talk about it and break it out. But we're not seeing it really as an independent thing yet, but we are seeing it as one of the things that gives us confidence in the long term.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. That's fair. And then just on the Secure 2.0 legislation. Can you just remind us that the portions of the business related to retirement plans at Broadridge and how you see that potentially being a tailwind for continued growth in retirement plan participants.
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. I'll let Edmund add on to this, but retirement is not a huge direct part of our business. We do serve all of the retirement record keepers in their client onboarding. And then we serve a lot of the 401(k) market in our mutual fund trade processing. So we have a couple of our smaller businesses that directly serve. And then obviously, it's a big factor for all of our wealth management clients. It's a big portion of wealth management. So we don't see a -- I'm not sure that we're going to be sitting here a year from now saying we have a significant change in growth because of this, but it is something that is going to put more money directly into investing, help our clients, help their ability to invest, and I think will be generally a tailwind for a couple of our smaller businesses.
Edmund Reese: Yeah. And the only thing I'll add to what Tim said is that, we do have in our mutual fund trade processing unit economics driven by assets under administration and retirement accounts. And if this legislation goes through and we see the increase in the amount of retirement accounts and assets, then we should expect to see some uptick in those assets as well. So overall, I think while small right now, this is generally a tailwind for us, and we'll be more specific about the economics as it plays out.
Peter Heckmann: Great. That’s helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, guys. I wanted to touch based on, we always have this seasonal pickup in the second half for bookings for closed sales that we have to like, we have to prepare for, which is honestly sort of to be expected. I think you guys were around 20 to 20% or maybe 21%, 22% of your budgeted bookings in this quarter, which is, again, seasonally normal. So maybe just make sure we get a little more color on what the actual drivers are of your conviction on the pipeline and what parts of the business they're coming from for the second half of the year to meet those targets that you guys have for the full year. And just as a part of that, I mean, how much conviction do you have now? And are you seeing any of those numbers flow through to the wealth side coming out of, again, I know the UBS contract will be up and running and -- but it's not going to be very profitable. So it's really relying on other contracts and other revenues to complement that platform. Are you seeing any evidence of that yet? Thanks, guys.
Timothy Gokey: Yeah, Darrin. I'll start and Edmund can add on. I think as you say, where we are right now is seasonally at a very normal place and when we look at our pipeline and then sort of the stages of deals in the pipeline for the second half, it is very similar to previous years in terms of the coverage of deals in 00 for the second half and their stage of maturity. So as we reiterate today, that's really what we're looking at. Specifically on the wealth side, we said in the call last time that our pipeline is up 25% year-over-year. It's not to the stage where we're beginning to see it in the sales numbers as much as it is sort of in the pipeline build. So that's sort of where that stands. But I think the quality of the conversations gives us a lot of good feeling. And then I just want to come back to, I discussed this in my prepared remarks, but the 30 plus meetings that I've had with CEOs and other C-suite executives over the past month. And just in those conversations, there's a continued focus on next-generation technology, a lot of energy around modernization, digitization and at the same time, management teams have a lot on their plates, which is why they like the componentized approach that delivers things and delivers value along the way. And so there's a lot of positivity around us as a partner. And those, I think, are the things that have led to our pipeline being really at an all-time high. And that then combined sort of the stages of where those things are in the pipeline is what allows us to feel confident about the rest of the year.
Edmund Reese: And Tim, I'll add one important point. And Darrin, I know you know this, the closed sales that Tim has just been discussing here, the in-year closed sales have aren't as impactful on our full year recurring revenue. It's the revenue backlog of what we've already closed, which is now 12% of recurring revenue, that's the big driver of our growth. So I think everything Tim said is correct, but the revenue backlog is what gives us the confidence in our ability to be able to hit the guidance this year.
Darrin Peller: And just on the wealth side, just as a quick reminder of where that's -- how much evidence you're seeing that you're going to be able to take advantage of the platform, the UBS platform you built out?
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. I think that comes back to the -- anecdotally, when I think about the specific conversations that I'm involved in and enthusiasm as people see those components and see them live. And then numerically, it really comes back to the pipeline and comparing that year-over-year, which there is a substantial increase. So I think this is more of a topic that we don't have the news on the actual sales, but we have the news on the pipeline and there'll be a ongoing topic (ph).
Edmund Reese: We have the news on the pipeline and what we said in Q1 was that we expect incremental sales of $20 million to $30 million in that wealth and all that Tim is saying I think gives us confidence in that number. Which, again, we feel good about and reaffirms our belief in the business case and the overall return for the company here.
Darrin Peller: Guys, just one quick follow-up is on the position side. Obviously, position growth and equity in mutual fund is really out of your control. It's a market dynamic. But there's -- clearly, there's some correlation to what people have in their savings accounts and what they can do in stocks or anything else in that matter in terms of investing. And so I guess just looking forward maybe into '24 and beyond and I know it's early, but if you do see a change in the patterns of position growth rates, I mean, is this company do you feel that the drivers outside of that are strong enough to sustain the medium-term type targets you've been showing? It seems like there's a lot of wood in the fire that provide for sources of growth, but I'd just love to hear your thoughts. Thanks.
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. I think, Darrin, when we look sort of at the -- it's true that in past times when there have been significant dislocations like 1999 and 2008. In those extreme times, position growth went to zero, didn’t go negative, went to zero. If you look at the growth of our ICS, GTO is clearly just driven by pure technology sales not related to position growth. And then if you look at the growth of our ICS business, it's been about half and half in the past couple of years in terms of revenue from new sales versus internal growth from positions. So clearly, if positions growth were to go all the way to zero, that would reduce our overall growth rate. But that has never -- has not happened for an extended period. So I think we wouldn't have any reason right now to think that our medium-term growth plans wouldn't be the same.
Edmund Reese: Yeah. And again, I'll just add to Tim's point, position growth -- we have a very diversified business. Position growth drives 20% of our overall recurring revenue. So I'll point that out. But I just reiterating a point that Tim made, you won't be surprised. We look six months out and have confidence in that information, and we come and share that with you. You won't be surprised, we won't be surprised and we have the flexibility in our model make adjustments and ensure that we're still online with our growth objectives and guidance that we give if we see anything like that.
Darrin Peller: That’s fair. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question today will come from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Thanks very much. Just wanted to follow up on questions around the rollout of the wealth platform with UBS and the leverage that potentially you get with other customers. I think it makes sense that as those start to go live, it should improve sales cycles, et cetera. But what about from an implementation perspective, are there things that you're learning in this process with UBS that should allow you to make commitments to potential customers in terms of their own new implementations even if it's just for specific pieces or modules? And how should we think about that on a go-forward basis in creating that flywheel?
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. Sure. And first of all, James, welcome to -- welcome to the call. Great to have you on.
James Faucette: Thank you.
Timothy Gokey: And I do think, look, there have been lots of lessons learned in the work with UBS. I think in the future, we would break things like this into smaller pieces and do them a little bit differently. So that's definitely a learning. But moreover, we have built a lot of muscle as we have gone through this in terms of our project management technology tracking, the level of our ability now to look at -- we've converted all to agile. Where we are in the agile sprint. The number of story points left, the velocity and the story points. When you get into the testing, what are the expected defects, what are the defects on the defects when they're retested. How do you model all that out from a capacity standpoint. And we've built a whole platform around that, which we're now using rolling out to the rest of the company. And so it's been a pretty incredible maturation as well as just becoming much, much more mature on leveraging AWS. A lot of this new technology for UBS is all based in the cloud. And our maturation around that and around the development productivity that we're seeing is something that I'm very, very excited about. So we've talked about how this work is really driving the technology transformation of Broadridge to be the true SaaS company in the future. And I think that piece is really playing out well. So thank you for the question.
James Faucette: Great. And then just wanted to ask a question related to headlines that we started to get some inquiries from investors on, and that's related to tailored shareholder reports. And given the pending SEC regulation on shareholder reports. Can you provide some color on how Broadridge is becoming involved or the opportunity to be involved in the creation and production of these reports to help offset some of the admittedly small headwinds associated with notice and access fees.
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. Absolutely. So tailored shareholder reports, as a reminder to everyone, what for the annual and semiannual reports that people get around fund communications, it's two communications a year instead of getting either a link to or a notice of a very long report that's difficult to read. People will receive, investors will receive a two to three page summary, just like some prospectus years ago. And we think this is very positive for investors all the testing shows that it is much, much clearer for investors to see, is more cost effective for funds in the long-term report is much more digestible to be e-delivered and we're big fans of e-delivery. So a lot of positives all around. For us, as we said on the last call, there is the slight flying that we get paid right now for these notices. I think we said $30 million some and that will go away. In the meantime, as we talk to our fund clients, this change, while it sounds simple, create some real complexities for them. The reports are -- the mandate is the reports come to investors not with a sort of generalized expense table that pertains to many different share classes, but it is tailored specifically to the share class that, that investor has. And so in talking to our fund clients, we talked to one fund complex who today does 200 different reports. In the future, they're going to need to do 1,200 different reports. So the scale of the work on them in terms of even though the reports are short, creating them in a very tailored way specific to each investor, there's a lot of complexity there. And that's all around data management. Converting that data and composing it digitally and being able to send that. That's something that's a real strength of ours. And so we think that there is an opportunity for us to really help the industry. We've had a couple of webinars, one with Ignite, one with Nixa among the best attended webinars for those groups over the past year because there's a lot of interest in the fund industry about how do they meet this mandate, which is, on one hand is sort of -- it sounds like it makes sense from an investor standpoint, but view the one having to actually deliver it, it's tough. And so we are definitely working with fund clients. We definitely think we can help be part of that solution.
James Faucette: That’s great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I know like you talked about that the stock record growth can slow down to mid-single digits in the back half of the year. Can you disaggregate that 5% or so growth into benefit from secular tailwinds like zero commission, direct indexing and any potential macro headwinds there?
Timothy Gokey: Puneet, it's Tim, and I'll let Edmund add on this. It is, what we have is very specific testing where we're able to measure right now, how many positions are there in these funds, which allows us to say when we and how does that compare to where it was last year, and that's where we get the growth numbers for. We don't have specific data on macro versus tailwinds. What we do know is things like the positions in managed accounts. We're growing at double-digit rate the positions on non-managed accounts. We're growing more mid-single digits. So we can see that differentiation, you could do some math on that. So that's where -- when we talk about the tailwind, we can incrementally measure that, and that’s may be a point or 2. And then broadly, it's driven by the macro with these additions, but I’m going to see if Edmund can – cover on that.
Edmund Reese: So the host (ph) is just going to hit on the -- one thing I do first, Puneet, is just to be clear, we were saying mid to high-single digit growth. So that 5% would be sort of at the low end of what we expect here. So I just want to be clear on what's been in our guidance and continues to be what we're reaffirming here. And as Tim said, it’s very hard to desegregate between macro and other, but we've talked previously about broad-based growth in online and full brokers and large accounts in mid-size and small accounts as well and managed accounts and self-directed accounts. And we continue to see solid growth across each of those areas. And that, I think, seeing that broad-based growth is what continues to give us the confidence in the guidance here.
Puneet Jain: Got it. And it was good to know that the pipeline is strong, but are you seeing any changes in client behavior over the last few quarters in terms of maybe delays in decision making or flow deals through the pipeline? And any changes in client preferences for outsourcing versus in sourcing, given some macro pressures that they might be facing right now?
Timothy Gokey: Yeah. I would say clients are definitely busy. They are banking clients do have money. And it's an interesting one for us which is, we do best when they have money and sort of just enough money. So if they have too much money, then they like to build it in-house, and you don't have any money that it's hard for them to fund the project. So you have to be sort of just right as a sweet spot for our sales. So I do think that the conversations, there's a lot of thought before people go forward. There's a lot of work to get these over the goal line. And we certainly feel like that feel that, I'm sure you're hearing that from others. At the same time, we're moving in. We got a lot of stuff done in the month of December. As for the preferences for in-house versus third party, I think if I go back 12 months ago, people had a lot of money and you could sort of feel some of the conversations slowing a little bit more toward, well, maybe I should build this, maybe I should build that. And I think when you look at where things are now, I don't know if it's money. I think it's as much all the regulatory change that is coming. There are so many things that people are having to address coming in from the SEC and others that they have a lot on their plate and getting help is very useful. So it's -- and you have to segment that a little bit by size of institution. Certainly, all the Tier 2 institutions are strongly looking for help.
Puneet Jain: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Timothy Gokey: Thank you. This is Tim. I'll just close things off. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. I hope that what came through is how pleased we were with our second quarter performance and our outlook for the full year, that our growth drivers remain healthy. Our business is resilient and that with our investment cycle increasingly behind us, our free cash flow is strengthening. So thank you very much. We look forward to continuing the conversation next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-11-02 20:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Broadridge First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Cole. Good morning, everybody and welcome to Broadridge’s first quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. One, we will be making forward-looking statements on today’s call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. Two, we will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Additionally, on September 26, we filed an 8-K announcing changes to our segment reporting regarding the impact of foreign exchange rates on our business. This change is the final step in aligning our foreign currency reporting with industry standards and is reflected in our first quarter report. From this point forward, our earnings materials were referenced recurring revenue growth percentages on a constant currency basis, both for our results and our forward-looking guidance. Please reference our filings and investor materials for the corresponding reconciliations. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Edings, thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to be here to discuss our strong start to fiscal ‘23. There is a lot to cover. So I’ll walk through our strong results for the quarter, provide a business overview and then share some thoughts on why Broadridge is well-positioned to drive profitable growth over the balance of fiscal ‘23 and beyond. Before I start, I think it’s helpful to provide some context given the volatile conditions the market and economy are experiencing. Despite market declines, we have seen continued growth in investor positions. Given our forward testing, we have visibility about 6 months ahead, which puts us well into the busy part of proxy season and we see continued solid growth in investor positions over that period. Our conversations with our large broker-dealer and asset manager clients also continue to be positive as our clients continue to drive to modernize their technology. With that as a backdrop, let’s start with our strong results. Recurring revenues rose 9% on a constant currency basis, with strong growth across both our segments. Adjusted EPS was $0.84, down year-over-year, but modestly ahead of our expectations. All in all, a strong start to the year. Second, as I mentioned, demand for our solutions remains strong. We continue to benefit from increasing investor participation, which is fueling very healthy stock record growth. After a record sales year in fiscal ‘22, we are off to a good start to fiscal ‘23, keeping us on track to deliver on our closed sales guidance. Third, we continue to drive long-term growth across our three franchises. In governance, we are enabling increasing shareholder engagement for our fund clients. In capital markets, we are delivering on trading innovation and global simplification. And in wealth, we are seeing a growing pipeline for a powerful suite of modular solutions. Fourth, remember that our fiscal year extends 6 months into calendar ‘23. Today, we are reaffirming our guidance for that full period, including 6% to 9% constant currency recurring revenue growth, continued margin expansion and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. That puts us on track to deliver at or above the higher end of our growth objectives for the 3-year period ending next June. When we do, it will be the fourth consecutive 3-year period covering 12 years in total that we have delivered on our recurring revenue and adjusted EPS objectives. Fifth and last, we remain well positioned to deliver continued growth in the years ahead even as the economy faces growing uncertainty. Providing mission-critical services that power investing in governance positions us to deliver resilient growth through the ups and downs of the financial cycle. Our visibility into position growth and our $430 million backlog gives us confidence in our outlook for this year and our investments which are attracting growing interest from clients, positioned Broadridge to deliver increasing returns and long-term growth well into the future. Now, let’s turn to Slide 4 for an update on our business. I will begin with our ICS or governance business, which had another strong quarter. The biggest driver of that growth was new sales, especially in our Fund Solutions and Customer Communications businesses. Position growth remains robust despite market headwinds, rising 9% for equities in the smallest quarter for equity proxies and 11% for funds. This growth is being driven by continued activity in managed accounts on the equity side and by continued strong demand for passive investments on the fund side. Beyond the first quarter, we are now seeing increasing visibility into position growth for the seasonally more meaningful second half of our fiscal year and the outlook remains very healthy. As you know, we continue to drive innovation and governance, especially around digital solutions. Last year, we rolled out end-to-end vote confirmation for nearly 3,000 public companies. We pioneered pass-through voting for funds, updated our proxy vote app and delivered nearly 2,500 virtual shareholder meetings. This year, we are continuing to innovate. Last month, Charles Schwab announced it is leveraging our network capability to query a sample of retail shareholders to help guide Schwab’s voting and select Schwab funds and ETFs. We are seeing similar interest in past due voting, including for retail fund shareholders from several of our largest asset management clients. Beyond our regulatory solutions, we saw growth across our other product lines. Customer Communications revenue rose 11%, driven by both print and digital. One digital contributor was the launch of our omnichannel wealth and focused solution, Visterra. Today, wealth clients may receive as many as 120 communications a year from their wealth manager. Wealth and focus consolidates the critical information across various client and regulatory communications. Creating a single simple communication simplifies the investor experience while providing advisers with new communications opportunities, all at lower cost. Following our early rollout, nearly 90% of participants prefer the new solution. It’s an exciting example of how our digital capabilities are creating increased engagement at lower cost. Before I leave our governance business, I want to update you on a new SEC regulation on tailored shareholder reports for funds and ETFs that was announced last week. Many of you recall we first highlighted this regulation when it was initially proposed in August 2020 and we have been providing occasional updates since. The SEC voted 50 last week to implement a measure that replaces the existing long-form annual and semiannual reports with a shorter two to three-page summary document. The SEC is aiming to use these shorter reports to provide key information in a more digestible format to keep investors better informed and more engaged at lower cost than long-form reports. We are still studying the full implications of the new rule, but let me offer some thoughts. There is no question that the shorter reports will create a better investor experience overall and especially for digital delivery. They will also create a path to even further digitization, which as you know is currently about 80%. Long-term, that’s positive for funds and for Broadridge. On the other hand, our fund clients are concerned about the cost and complexity of the new rule, because they will have to compose both long-form and short-form reports. And we estimate the impact on Broadridge assuming no offset from new services would be a $30 million reduction in recurring revenue phasing in over our fiscal ‘25 and ‘26. Just as we did with 30e-3, which also had its complexities, we will work with our clients to create a cost effective industry solution, which will be good for investors and good for funds. Moving to capital markets, revenues rose 14% constant currency driven by strong growth from Broadridge trading and connected solutions and from new sales. BTCS continues to perform well, with strong sales and very positive client conversations about simplifying global training and longer term driving front to back. We also saw strong growth in the rest of our capital markets business powered by new sales and increased fixed income trading. We achieved a key milestone with the implementation of our next-gen global post-trade platform across the North American fixed income operations of a major U.S. based bank and we have already begun the next phase, which will extend to unified global equities and fixed income. Turning to Wealth Management, revenues rose 5%, driven by revenue from new sales. I am pleased to report that our wealth sales pipeline is growing substantially, up 25% year-on-year as we begin to bring to market completed modular solutions from our new wealth platform. We are now demoing live solutions to our clients, which is creating a much deeper level of engagement and we are seeing real client interest. We are confident that our sales of module solutions from the new platform are on track to meaningfully contribute to our FY ‘23 closed sales with an even bigger impact in FY ‘24. These modular solutions are part of the broader wealth platform we are creating with UBS as an anchor client and UBS has been a fantastic partner. We are now making very exciting progress in that broader solutions. We are development complete on 26 of our 29 platform areas, with the remaining 3 to be complete this month. On the testing side, we are completing the fourth of five integrated testing cycles with integration testing largely complete by the end of the calendar year. So, it’s great progress that keeps us on track for full rollout. And as Edmund will outline, we are now through the peak of our investment in this key program. With that, let me take a step back and put our growth strategy in context. The parts of wealth management technology and operations that we touch are a $16 billion addressable market and wealth managers face a pressing need to modernize and digitize through operations. We expect that the wealth management platform and the suite of module solutions we are building will put Broadridge in position to be a leading provider in the growing wealth space for the next decade and beyond. That position taken together with the benefits we are already seeing to our product and technology capability across Broadridge should strengthen our ability to build an increasingly strong, profitable and high return business going forward. I will close my remarks on Slide 5. As we move from more uncertain macroeconomic outlook, Broadridge’s resilience becomes an even greater strength. Demand for the critical services we provide has remained strong, giving us confidence in this year are forward-looking to investor participation in the next 6 months and our $430 million backlog gives us good visibility. As a result, we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal ‘23 and will deliver at the high-end of our 3-year objectives. Longer term, we are serving a $60 billion market with growth driven by long-term secular trends. Fintech innovation is forcing banks to digitize and innovations like managed accounts, zero commission trading, direct indexing and pass-through voting are continuing to drive investor participation. As our clients seek to reduce costs partly in response to macroeconomic trends their need for Broadridge’s low cost platform solutions increases. Third, we have built a strong and resilient business model, focusing on recurring revenues and sustained growth. Excluding our distribution revenues, fully 93% of our revenues are recurring, covered by multiyear contracts across all three of our franchises. This revenue is supported by our long history of putting our clients first, which has driven a 98% revenue retention rate. At the same time, growth enables us to drive scale efficiencies, compelling our margins and funding additional investments to help drive additional growth going forward. Fourth, as we look beyond fiscal ‘23, the investments we have made and are making in our digital capabilities and our wealth and other technology platforms and extending our capital markets business, leave us better positioned than ever to drive long-term profitable growth with increasing returns through this cycle and beyond. Finally, to support this long-term growth, we are also driving forward on sustainability. We recently released our latest sustainability report highlighting our commitment to drive sustainable growth, engage our talent and diverse associates and reduce our and our clients’ missions. I encourage you to go to our site and review our progress. Before I turn the call over to Edmund, let me take a moment to thank our associates. None of what we do is easy and none of it would be possible without their focus on clients, on creating the future and on delivering results today. Thank you. Now, I will turn the call over to Edmund to review our financials. Edmund?
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim and good morning everyone. I am pleased to be here to discuss the results from another strong quarter, where both top line growth and earnings were modestly ahead of our expectations. Though a seasonally small quarter, our first quarter results represent a strong start to the year and continued conversion of our sales backlog to revenue, our outlook for continued robust demand trends and the operating leverage, coupled with our disciplined expense management and the challenging macroeconomic environment gives us the confidence to reaffirm our fiscal ‘23 guidance. As you can see from the financial summary on Slide 6, recurring revenues rose to $806 million, up 9% on a constant currency basis, all organic. Adjusted operating income decreased 15%, driven by lower event-driven revenue and carryover impact of investments we made last year. AOI margins of 11.7% were also impacted by the continued drag from higher distribution revenues and adjusted EPS was $0.84. Finally, and as Tim noted, we delivered closed sales of $29 million. Our first quarter results benefited from strong position growth across both equities and funds and continued strength from BTCS. I’ll also note that while higher interest rates offset operating income, the interest rate impact to Broadridge is offset by higher float income in our ICS segment. Let’s get into the details of these results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 7. Recurring revenues grew to $806 million in Q1 ‘23 or 9% coming in at the top end of our full year guidance range of 6% to 9%. Our recurring revenue growth was all organic, again, keeping us on track to exceed our 5% to 7% 3-year growth objective. Let’s now turn to Slide 8 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continue to see strong growth in both of our segments. ICS recurring revenue grew to $443 million or 9% with double-digit growth across three of our product lines. Regulatory revenues rose 4% and were driven by strong fund position growth. Proxy revenue growth was impacted by the timing of certain annual meetings which can have a disproportionate impact in what is seasonally our smallest quarter for proxies. More importantly, equity position growth of 9% remains strong and in line with our expectations as I’ll detail in a moment. Data-driven fund solutions grew 13%, driven by new client wins across our mutual fund trade processing and our data and analytics business as well as the impact of higher interest rates on our float income. Our issuer business increased by 16% as we continue to see growth in our disclosure products. And finally, our customer communications business grew by 11% and driven by continued demand for print and high single-digit digital growth. Turning to GTO. Recurring revenues grew to $363 million or 10% driven by continued strength in capital markets, including BTCS, and revenue from sales and wealth management. Capital Markets revenue grew 14%, propelled by strong growth from BTCS, new sales and higher fixed income trading volumes. BTCS revenue growth benefited from the removal of the deferred revenue haircut, excluding that impact. BTCS revenues grew at a high single-digit rate. Wealth and Investment Management grew by 5%, driven by revenue from new sales. Looking forward to Q2, we expect continued strong revenue growth from sales in Wealth Management to be offset by growing over an uptick in fiscal ‘22 license revenues from large client renewals. Now let’s turn to Slide 9 for a closer look at volume trends. As you can see by our results, investor participation in financial markets has continued to increase despite the market volatility. Q1 position growth was strong across both equities and funds. Equity position growth was 9% on the back of double-digit growth in managed accounts and mid-single-digit growth at self-directed accounts. Our testing of position growth continues to prove reliable as Q1 was in line with our July testing. We have now extended our testing into the seasonally critical second half of the year, and those results are giving us increased confidence in our forecast from mid to high single-digit growth for the full year. Mutual fund position growth has also been consistently strong, reaching 11% driven by growth in passive funds. And turning the trade volumes on the bottom of the slide, trade volumes grew 6% on a blended basis in Q1, driven by a 5th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in fixed income volumes. Equity volumes were flat as higher trading by institutional investors more than offset the lower activity at our retail wealth management clients. Let’s now move to Slide 10, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenue growth was all organic. Organic growth was balanced between net new business contributing 5 points and internal growth, primarily volume and expanding our relationships with existing clients also contributing 5 points. Our recurring revenue retention rate remained at 98%. Foreign exchange impacted recurring revenue by 2%, with the bulk of that impact coming in our GTO business, as you can see on the table at the bottom of the slide. I’ll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on Slide 11. Total revenue grew 8% in Q1 to $1.3 billion. Recurring revenue was the largest contributor, driving 6 points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenue increased by 13%, consistent with our outlook for low double-digit growth and it contributed 4 points to total revenue. We continue to see higher volumes in our customer communications business as well as the impact of another postal rate increase in July. Elevated growth in distribution revenue and the mix of distribution revenue from customer communications continues to have a dilutive impact on our reported adjusted operating income margin. which I’ll discuss in more detail shortly. Event-driven revenues were above our 7-year quarterly average and reached $63 million, $14 million lower than an unusually high Q1 ‘22. We continue to expect full year event-driven revenue to be in the $240 million to $260 million range, in line with recent years. Changes in FX lowered reported revenues by 1 point. Turning now to margins on Slide 12. Adjusted operating income margin was down 310 basis points from prior year to 11.7% in Q1. The positive impact of strong incremental margin on recurring revenue growth was offset by three items: first, elevated low to no margin distribution revenue. For the full year, we expect 45 to 50 basis points impact on adjusted operating income margin with no impact on adjusted EPS; second, rate inflation on our material expense, which we passed through at a 1 to 2-month lag; and finally, the carryover impact of investments that we began in fiscal ‘22. As we enter the second quarter, we expect to see increased margin expansion from the targeted cost initiatives that we initiated in Q4 ‘22. These actions along with the operating leverage inherent in our business model, give us confidence that we will meet our earnings growth objectives even in this period of macroeconomic uncertainty. Let’s move ahead to close sales on Slide 13. Closed sales of $29 million were essentially flat year-over-year. We were encouraged to see strong closed sales across both ICS and GTO with strong contribution from BTCS. And as Tim noted, our pipeline remains strong, and we remain confident in our full year closed sales guidance of between $270 million to $310 million. I’ll now turn to cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 14. I’ll start with a reminder that Broadridge’s cash flow generation is typically negative in the fiscal first quarter and strengthened throughout the year. Q1 ‘23 free cash flow was negative $218 million, down from negative $151 million last year. Total client platform spend for Q1 ‘23 was $163 million with the wealth platform accounting for the most significant part of that investment. We expect client platform investment to decline for the balance of fiscal ‘23. And for the full year, we expect client platform investment to be lower than our fiscal ‘22 peak year of investment. We project fiscal year ‘23 free cash flow conversion to be higher than fiscal year ‘22 and will return to more historical levels in fiscal year ‘24. Given the significance of the wealth platform investment and the importance to our franchise growth, I want to share some additional insight on the impact to Broadridge margins and earnings growth as well as the expected return on investment. As Tim noted, our progress on the platform is strong, and we continue to expect to go live in mid-calendar ‘23. As we previously discussed, we expect to begin to recognize revenue and amortize the investment spend when the platform goes live. Based on the existing and in-flight client agreements, we project average annualized revenue to be approximately $100 million, with average amortization cost per year of approximately $65 million. The addition of the servicing and infrastructure costs will make the initial platform rollout modestly dilutive to Broadridge AOI margins. We are confident that the operating leverage and ability to prioritize other investments inherent in our business model will allow us to mitigate the dilution and continue to deliver on our earnings growth objectives. Beyond the agreements noted above and as Tim noted, our pipeline for wealth management sales is strong and growing, giving us confidence that we will bring on $20 million to $30 million in new wealth sales per year at accretive incremental margins. Together, we expect the combination of existing clients in new sales will drive a return on invested capital that is higher than our cost of capital and along with the continued performance in our core business, drive Broadridge ROIC to mid to high teens within our next 3-year performance period. Let’s now turn to Slide 15 to review our fiscal ‘23 guidance, followed by some final thoughts on our first quarter results. We are reaffirming our full year guidance on all of our key financial metrics. We continue to expect 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth, approximately 50 basis points of adjusted operating income margin expansion, adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 11% and closed sales of between $270 million to $310 million. Additionally, we expect approximately 75% of our earnings to be generated in the second half of the year, with 25% in the first half, in line with our performance over the last 10 years. As a reminder, our fiscal ‘23 guidance extends into the first half of calendar year 2023. Despite a challenging macro environment, we have confidence in our guidance given the visibility into our forward-looking recurring revenue. Our fiscal ‘23 recurring revenue growth will be driven by our strong sales backlog, which was $430 million at the end of fiscal ‘22 and by our equity and fund position growth, where our latest testing supports mid to high single-digit position growth. And as I noted earlier, the inherent operating leverage in our business and the targeted cost initiatives that we initiated at the end of last year will help us meet our earnings objectives. Finally, let me reiterate my key messages. Broadridge delivered strong Q1 financial results. Demand for our services remains strong and our testing is showing continued equity and fund position growth into the second half of the fiscal year. We expect our capital investment to decline improved free cash flow conversion in fiscal ‘23 and to return to more historical free cash flow conversion levels in fiscal ‘24. We have a resilient business and financial model that performs through the economic cycle, and we are confident in reaffirming our fiscal year ‘23 guidance. With that, let’s take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Given the divergence between the strong revenue growth of 8% and the 15% decline in operating income, could you dig into your investment spending plans for this year, particularly as they affect both the income statement and the cash flow statement and the pacing of those plans. So we get a better sense of kind of the margin and quarterly earnings cadence throughout the year.
Tim Gokey: Sure. I’ll just make a comment here, Dave, and then I will let Edmund take that on in some detail. First of all, good morning, thank you for the question. I think I just want to reiterate that our results today were – this quarter were very much in line with our expectations, a little bit above. And we made investments at the end of last year that we knew would make the expense growth for this quarter a little bit stronger. And so we don’t see any surprise here. We do see a more evenly paced year this year, but I’ll let Edmund comment on that.
Edmund Reese: David, thank you for the question. I want to reiterate a few points to add on to what Tim just said. First, if I think specifically about Q1, as Tim said, it was modestly better than our expectations. As you think about the divergence between revenue and the adjusted operating income decline. The key drivers there, as I noted in my earlier script, was the year-over-year growth in event-driven revenue. We had a very strong quarter, higher than our 7-year average at $63 million, but we’re coming off an unusually high Q1 ‘22. That’s the first item. And the second item was the carryover of the investments, which we will continue to do as we think about driving revenue growth in each of our businesses, the carryover of those investments into fiscal ‘23. As you look out for the rest of the year, first – the key point that I want to make is that – as you know, over 75% of our earnings have historically come in the second half of the year. The first half is a much smaller portion of our overall earnings, that we are an annual business, the noise in between the quarters, I do not think – we certainly run the company as an annual company. We think about our earnings overall. That said, I do expect margin expansion into second, third and fourth quarters. And I will reiterate the 50 basis points of margin expansion that we have as part of our guidance. We are coming off a very tough economic environment in the last 2 years and drove 60 basis points of margin expansion. So, I continue to be very confident in our ability to hit the margin expansion and to deliver earnings growth in the 7% to 11% range.
Tim Gokey: And I just might add on all of that, which is the – that we are expecting 25% of earnings in the first half.
David Togut: Appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up. Edmund, you talked about the client platform investments, and that’s really the number one incoming investor question I get on Broadridge, which is expected returns on the large investments in the wealth management tech business. Can you shed any additional light on the pipeline? Any line of sight you have into other large signings beyond UBS a few years ago?
Edmund Reese: That’s a great question. Let me make one or two comments, and I will turn it over to Tim to maybe talk about the pipeline because as he said, we have a strong pipeline here. First, I think the key thing for me David, is that when we make these types of investments, particularly large platform investments to grow the franchise, they are initially going to come on dilutive to the margins. But we have a track record of making these types of investments and using our scale and other levers in our business to be able to ensure that they become accretive and drive towards Broadridge’s returns. That is what gives me confidence that we are making the right investment in this platform and the progress that we have seen with it going live and the pipeline that Tim can speak about is giving me confidence in being accretive to Broadridge and driving us back to the types of historical returns that we have had before. But let me turn it over to Tim.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Look, we continue to see the wealth platform as very much as a long-term positive for Broadridge. It’s doing three things for us. First of all, it’s definitely deepening our relationship with UBS, who we view as a long-term global winner. They have been a long-term partner. It says a lot about the work that we are doing together that at this point in the work the relationship is deeper than ever. That’s not always the case. It’s really setting us up to be a leading provider in the $16 billion wealth tech market, which obviously is why we are doing this. Wealth tech is a rapidly growing space. I saw some recent research in which 70% of wealth management firms are planning to increase their technology spend in the next 2 years. Others are investing, but we believe we have some real advantages. And it’s key part of our transformation as a company to being a modern SaaS provider. All this work is in the cloud. The key components like the workstation, API gateway integration layer are foundational to our overall tech roadmap. So, that’s we are excited about the progress that we are reporting today. And David, we really are seeing this as client discussions move from talking to showing. And when you are able to show real live software, it makes us very much of a difference in the conversation. I am just – I am thinking of a client conversation we are involved with now where the clients asked us to set up a sandbox with their data to have them be able to play with the applications, and we are able to do that in a matter of weeks. And that makes a big difference in the conversations. That’s why we are seeing the 25% increase in pipeline. And so as we look forward here, I think the markers of success are going to be going live with UBS, seeing sustained growth over time in our wealth management business. Now, these sales will start to convert to revenue not in this year. So, we are not talking about this year, we are talking about beginning next year and then also, the progress in our overall technology roadmap. I think those are some of the markers that investors should look for, and we are confident we are going to get good returns here.
David Togut: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Hello. Thanks for taking my question. Can you comment on velocity of deals in the pipeline, specifically for large deals? Are you seeing any kind of pause or delays from clients given like that the macro uncertainty in signing on new work?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Puneet, it’s Tim. Thanks for that question and it is an interesting one. I think that we are seeing a strong appetite for continued digitization and for moving platforms forward. I think we are also seeing a real healthy balance between internal builds versus mutualization. I think that as the world moves to more agile, people are thinking less about large-scale multiyear transformational projects and more about how they can step into things in ways that take – are quicker to come on and add value in a way that they can see. And I think we are seeing that both in North America and in Europe. When you look at our mix of sales last year, which was a record. It didn’t have any of those large transformational deals in it. So, I think we are – and I think that’s what we are seeing now is some nice chunky deals. But we are seeing not large-scale transformational ones. I think the exception to that a little bit is in customer communications where there are still significant players that have in-house platforms that where they are trying to think about that. And those – some of those could be larger. But on the technology side, it tends to be a sequence of really nice deals, and we like the velocity of that versus the bigger ones.
Edmund Reese: I will just add one point to quantify and help emphasize the point that Tim made, Puneet and that is that roughly about three quarters of our deals are less than $2 million deals, and that’s been a trend that we have seen stay consistent over the past couple of years. And I think as Tim just said, we feel good about the velocity, the fact that it shows interest across our different product lines. So, nothing has changed there.
Puneet Jain: Got it. And how is your appetite to do large deals changed, especially the deals that require costs sitting on your balance sheet? How has your appetite changed as a result of rising rate environment? Should we expect any changes in number or types of deals you pursue as a result of that?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think Puneet, what I would say is, certainly, if you think about the work we are doing with UBS, I think that is something that is truly exceptional is to put us into a whole space and not something that we are thinking about something that is like that. It is and having built the platform and built the technology, we see additional deals being able to come on with much, much lower incremental investment.
Puneet Jain: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys. Listen, maybe we start off just with the growth in the regulatory side and the position growth trends. I guess first of all, I was a little confused, maybe I missed it in the beginning of the call to see the revenue growth rate on the regulatory side at 4% versus position growth, which was I think it was 9% for equity or 11% for mutual fund. It looks pretty decent on the side on that trend line. And I would love to hear your latest thoughts on the sustainability of position growth. I know it’s always hard to tell for sure. But given what we are seeing with retail investors and some of the changing trends. Just curious your thoughts medium-term on that for us. Thanks guys.
Tim Gokey: Yes. On the – just on the variance between physician growth and revenue, there is just some timing in there. And I will let Edmund expound on that, but that’s not, Darrin, I think something that is anything significant inside that. But on the bigger question around position growth, it remains robust based on long-term trends and recent innovations that we believe are here to stay. So, it certainly starts with the long-term trend of increasing investor participation and diversification, which as you know, is based on historically falling costs, ongoing innovation, including ETFs, managed accounts, and that’s what’s driven sort of the high-single digit growth that we have seen over the last decade. Obviously, we have seen in the last couple of years, innovations around free trading and app-based investing in a new generation of investors, which has caused a real step change in the past 2 years. We do think that’s a change that is here to stay. And now we see the next generation of innovation like direct indexing and pass-through voting to support continued albeit what we think will be a more normalized growth going forward. So, it is – I think we have – all have had a question about as we move into a different investing environment, what would we see with the position growth. But as we have increasing visibility into the second half of the fiscal year, we are seeing this very normalized mid to high-single digit growth.
Edmund Reese: Just tactically on the first part of your question, in terms of the position growth at 9% in the regulatory have a lower percentage, the way I think about position growth, Derek, is – Darrin, is same-store sales. If you went to proxy in Q1 last year and you went Q1 this year, then you are in that position growth number. If you went Q1 last year, but Q2 this year, you are not in the quarterly position number you would be in the full year position growth number. And that’s what matters to us because from a revenue standpoint, it doesn’t matter which quarter you are coming in, we are going to have the benefit from that. So, that’s the difference between the position growth and the revenue that we see.
Darrin Peller: Okay. That’s really helpful. Thanks. Just one quick follow-up on the earlier question on margins and really just free cash as well. Some of the dynamics on distribution, obviously, is a lower margin and I guess event-driven revenue timing could have an impact as well. But what do you see really changing other than the timing of investments, and it’s a small seasonal quarter. So, it’s probably not worth extrapolating too much. But what do you see changing that really helps the operating margin from here when considering that distribution costs will remain high, but I guess the scale, the operating leverage of some of the business should kick in also. So, maybe you could just help us with the puts and takes.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I do – and remember, distribution, we have elevated distribution revenue last year. Again, that impacted the margins by nearly 50 basis points last year. The same thing we expect this year here with double-digit growth in distribution. I think what you will see is exactly what you just said. First, the initiatives that we initiated at the end of last quarter, we have executed on those, so we will see benefit from that. And then the scale, the natural operating leverage in our business as we go through the quarter and get into our seasonally heavier quarters with more revenue coming on, those things are coming on with incremental margins, and we see the expansion in the overall adjusted operating income margin as we move forward through the three quarters.
Darrin Peller: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey. Good morning guys. So, the wealth management sales pipeline that you have been speaking to, can you give some more color on how much of that pipeline is for the entire comprehensive wealth management tech stack versus some of these component solutions that you are bringing to market?
Tim Gokey: Sure, Patrick. It’s a mix of both. I would say it is more on the component side. There are some firms that aren’t of the same size and scale of someone like the UBS that are looking at full solutions. And we would imagine those, again, stepping in more in a sequential kind of way than in the past. But then there are also larger firms looking at the components. And I think if you are to look across the entire pipeline, it would be much more weighted to the component side.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it.
Tim Gokey: And I think – and if I can just add on to that, which is I think one of our real learnings over the couple of years, the years we have been building this is, as we have built this in a very open way with all API-driven. And the original vision, as you recall, was really to create based on our back office, very open data layer being able to then take modules on top of that that would be built either by us, by our client or by other third-parties and be able to have that work seamlessly together. And so that vision is really more and more appropriate for what people want today. And so the ability for us to – whether it’s the back office or whether it’s the integration layer out to help people tie together what they are doing and then take some of our applications on top of that is, I think a real opportunity.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it. Appreciate that detail. And then as free cash flow improves over the remainder of fiscal 2023, how are you guys thinking about deploying that cash, whether it’s debt reduction, share repurchases, M&A, etcetera?
Edmund Reese: Yes. I mean we continue to have a very consistent capital allocation policy, where we are balancing return to – return of capital to shareholders with our investments for growth, with continuing to maintain an investment-grade credit rating. So, as I think about the near-term with leverage rates that are higher than where we have historically been, we obviously stay very close to the rating agencies and have an objective to bring that debt down to a more sustainable leverage ratio, I would say, in the near-term, we are focused on that. But as free cash flow conversion increases going into fiscal ‘24, I think it gives us more capacity to return capital to shareholders to think about other investments, whether internal or external on the – back in line with what our historical practice has been smaller types of acquisitions, I think that’s going to be the focus for us with the free cash flow conversion.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Tim Gokey: Yes. It is Tim, I just want to thank everyone for joining today. I want to just reiterate how pleased we are with the strong results for the first quarter, strong outlook for the remaining of the year, the fact we are making good progress on our key investments that our business is resilient in an uncertain environment. And really just most important, our confidence in long-term growth, strong cash flows and strong returns for our shareholders. So, thank you very much. We look forward to continuing the conversation and seeing you next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-08-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Broadridge's fourth quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning to everyone joining us. I'm pleased to update you on Broadridge's strong fourth quarter and full year performance for fiscal '22 as well as our positive outlook for fiscal '23. This performance is driven by strong execution, positive underlying trends and our acquisition of Itiviti, which exceeded our expectations in year one. We expect this strong performance to continue into fiscal '23 and beyond. I'll provide an overview, and Edmund will take us through the key details. Before turning to our results, a note about what we are seeing from our unique position at the center of the equities, fixed income and fund markets. Despite the uncertainty and market pullback in the quarter ending in June, investors continue to be engaged and position growth remains robust. Our broker and asset management clients continue to face the imperative for digitizing their business. At the same time, they face regulatory change greater than any time since the global financial crisis. Our conversations with clients, both in North America and globally remain very active as they pursue industry solutions for common needs and digital innovation for areas where they seek to differentiate. With that background, let's move to an overview of our results, which highlight the strength and resilience of our business model. First, Broadridge closed the year on a very strong note. Fourth quarter recurring revenues rose 15%, driven by exceptional 12% organic growth. Adjusted EPS rose 21% to $2.65. Second, these results were the capstone on a very strong year. For the full year, recurring revenues rose 16%, driving higher margins and after accounting for higher interest expense, adjusted EPS growth of 14%. We also delivered an 11th consecutive year of record closed sales, up more than 20%. Third, our growth is powered by execution against strong underlying market trends, including increased investor participation and diversification and the digitization of financial services as well as the successful integration and strong performance of our Itiviti acquisition. Fourth, we continue to drive balanced capital allocation as a core part of our long-term value-creation algorithm. We continue to invest in modern, scalable technology platforms. And yesterday, our Board approved a 13% increase in our annual dividend. Broadridge has increased its dividend every year since becoming an independent company, with double-digit increases in 9 of the last 10 years. As a testament to our execution, the strength and resilience of our business model, and, of course, the long-term trends driving our growth. Fifth and last, our outlook for fiscal '23 is positive. Our business model is built to deliver growth to all economic cycles. Our fiscal '23 guidance calls for a strong 6% to 9% organic recurring revenue growth. This will drive double-digit growth in adjusted operating income and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. We also expect another year of very strong sales. The combination of excellent fiscal '21 and '22 results, coupled with a strong fiscal '23 outlook, has Broadridge well positioned to deliver at or above the higher end of our three-year Investor Day objectives for the period that ends next June. That will mark the third successive three-year period in which we've delivered on our objectives. To build on those highlights, let's turn to a review of our execution against the three key opportunities that are driving our growth. First, extending our governance business by driving digital engagement; second, leveraging our acquisition of Itiviti to grow our capital business -- capital markets business; and third, building on our wealth franchise by delivering capabilities that make up our Open Wealth platform. I'll touch on each of these initiatives as I review our businesses, starting with governance on Slide 4. Our ICS business delivered another very strong year as recurring revenue growth of 11% was powered by a combination of increased investor participation and revenue from new sales. Investor participation continued to grow at a very healthy pace in fiscal '22. Equity position growth remained well above trend at 18% for the year, and we benefited from increasing investor participation on the fund side as well, with mutual fund and ETF record growth of 14%. We remain positive on the trends driving long-term investor participation and diversification growth, and we see this growth normalizing in the mid- to high single-digit range in fiscal '23 and beyond as market appreciation slows and we lapped the benefit from zero commission trading. Importantly, we're delivering increased digitization across our regulatory business. For proxies, digitization rose to 86% from 81% 2 years ago. For funds, digitization rose to 78% from 69% 2 years ago. When you apply that change across some 2.2 billion shareholder communications, you can see that Broadridge generated tens of millions of incremental savings for issuers and funds, while significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. New sales was the other big driver of growth. Itiviti our focus on innovation is increasing shareholder and client engagement across the full governance network from broker-dealers and wealth managers to public companies, to funds, to end investors. For example, for our broker-dealer clients, we instituted end-to-end vote confirmation for nearly 3,000 public companies and are rolling out universal proxy functionality this month. For fund companies, we're helping the world's largest fund managers launch pass-through voting. We launched a new cloud-based European funds reporting platform, and we're growing our data and analytic solutions. For issuers, we rolled out an upgraded virtual shareholder meeting platform across more than 2,500 annual meetings, making it easier than ever for investors to participate. We also upgraded our proxy vote app, enabling deeper investor engagement. Finally, our continued focus on digitizing customer communications enabled us to close a landmark deal to serve as the core digital communications infrastructure for a Tier 1 wealth manager, while continuing to onboard and serve a growing roster of new clients. These innovations helped drive strong revenue growth and led to what's clearly another strong year for our governance franchise. Now let's move to our capital markets franchise, where the acquisition of Itiviti is helping to transform our position in the market. In capital markets, we're driving trading innovation, simplifying global post-trade technology and building new enterprise data and network-enabled solutions. Itiviti's leading front-office capabilities have meaningfully extended our franchise, deepening our relationships with key clients. Capital markets revenues rose 39% to $921 million, primarily driven by our acquisition of Itiviti, on which I will touch in a moment. In the meantime, despite our focus on the acquisition, we drove organic growth of 5%. The biggest factor in organic growth was revenue from new sales as we onboarded multiple new clients to our global post-trade platform. It's great to see our platform investments converting to revenue growth. We're also developing enterprise and network solutions. Our digital ledger repo solution is now live with three clients, with a fourth signed and others in the pipeline. Our production volume is now averaging more than $50 billion a day, and we expect that will climb further by year-end. Today, our clients are using digital ledger repo to process intracompany transactions and reduce external counterparty expense. We're further enhancing our capabilities in early fiscal '23 to include sponsored repos. While the revenue from this business remains small today, the pipeline is strong, and we see a long runway for future growth. Another key network initiative is LTX, our fixed income trading platform, where we continue to make steady progress towards a full launch. The biggest growth initiative in capital markets this past year has been the acquisition of Itiviti, which is delivering even more value than we first anticipated. So let's turn to Slide 6 for a double-click on the performance of that business. I'm pleased to report that the integration is going very well. We are near completion on most streams. We're driving revenue and cost synergies, and we strengthened and deepened the management team. We've also officially rebranded the business, Broadridge Trading and Connectivity Solutions, or BTCS. When we announced the acquisition last spring, we highlighted three key drivers for why we thought this is a strong fit and will generate significant value for our shareholders. A year later, these drivers have only been reinforced. The first driver was the compelling strategic fit with our capital markets franchise. We expect that the combination of Itiviti's front office and connectivity solutions, with our back-office capabilities, would give us an unmatched ability to add value across the trade life cycle. That thesis is playing out, and we're in dialogues with multiple clients to increasingly see Broadridge as a critical partner in a multiyear process of modernizing their trading infrastructure. We're also well into developing the capability to enable common data sets across the trade life cycle, which will be a significant benefit for many clients. Our second driver was to use our expanded global scale and footprint to unlock additional growth. A year later, our international revenues have grown by more than 60%, enabling us to strengthen our position in both Europe and Asia-Pacific. Clients see us as an increasingly global player, and Itiviti clients are seeing the benefit of being partnered with a larger player, especially one with a reputation for investment in service. Last, Itiviti is delivering clear financial benefits. Fiscal '22 revenues came in ahead of our acquisition case at $256 million, and we exceeded our earnings target. We've actioned almost $10 million in synergies, including $3 million of revenue synergies and $6 million on the cost side. Our incremental scale helped fuel more than $30 million in closed sales, with multiple competitive wins in fiscal '22. Thanks to those sales, we are on target to delivering double-digit growth in fiscal '23 and beyond. So we're off to a strong start in realizing Itiviti's potential. Looking ahead, we have a clear road map for continued growth. Driving share gains in the near term, executing on revenue synergies in the medium term and over the long term, driving a suite of modular solutions covering the entire front-to-back trade life cycle. Now let's turn to Slide 7 for an overview of our progress in building the leading wealth tech player. In Wealth management, we are building on our core strength as the leading back-office technology provider, to delivering new component solutions and developing an agile modular platform that will link the full suite of our capabilities. Wealth and investment management revenues rose 5% in fiscal '22, powered by new sales both the U.S. and Canada, which helped offset the impact of lower trading volumes as we lap the peak of the mean stock phenomenon over the second half of last year. Our opened component-based wealth management platform remains our top priority. To date, we've rolled out managed account billing and adviser workstation both to strong reviews. We recently delivered the second generation of the workstation with even more capability. Looking ahead, we're deep into integration on the remainder of the core suite with strong results and anticipate being largely code complete by the end of calendar '22. We remain on track to go live in summer of '23. Ongoing client discussions are enabling us to sharpen our open value proposition -- open platform value proposition. Our ability to offer clients a set of modular solutions, linked by a common enterprise integration layer, enables them to modernize key parts of their tech step one step at a time, with clear value at each step. This modular approach is drawing significant interest from clients, and we expect it to drive increased wealth sales in fiscal '23. So to sum up, we are executing well across each of our franchise businesses. Now let's move to Slide 8, and I'll wrap up my review with some closing thoughts. First, Broadridge delivered another strong year of financial and operating results. Second, we are executing on our growth plans in three attractive opportunities. We're driving digitization to extent governance. We're leveraging Itiviti to grow capital markets, and we're successfully building wealth management. Our investments in each of these areas are creating significant momentum in the marketplace. Third, our growth is being propelled by the accelerating pace of change in the financial services industry. Clients are evolving their business models, rapidly seeking to digitize and adopting next-generation technologies. Slowing global growth is likely to further accelerate these changes as our clients invest to compete for market share and drive productivity. By accelerating digitization and mutualizing nondifferentiating costs, our solutions help them meet those needs. And that brings me to my fourth and last point. Broadridge has never been better positioned for long-term growth. Our guidance calls for 6% to 9% recurring revenue growth in fiscal '23 and 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. We're on track to deliver at or above our three-year objectives, and with a $60 billion market opportunity, we see a long runway for growth. Before I finish, I want to thank our associates around the world. Their work is the driving force behind the innovation that we're bringing to the financial services industry. This work is critical for our clients. And through them, we're making a difference in improving the financial lives of millions around the globe. Edmund, over to you.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased to be here to discuss the results from yet another strong quarter and strong year. I'll also provide you with some additional insights into our guidance for fiscal '23, which will position Broadridge to deliver at or above the higher end of our three-year financial objectives. As you can see from the financial summary on Slide 9, Broadridge's full year results came in at or ahead of both our fiscal year '22 guidance and our three-year objectives across all metrics. Recurring revenue rose to $3.7 billion, up 16% year-over-year. Organic growth was 9%. Adjusted operating income margin expanded 60 basis points, outpacing our annual margin expansion objective despite the drag from increased low to no margin distribution revenue and adjusted EPS grew 14% to $6.46. Finally, and as Tim noted earlier, we delivered record closed sales of $282 million, a strong year across all metrics. Turning to the fourth quarter. Recurring revenue grew 15% to $1. 2 billion, driven by organic growth of 12%. Adjusted operating income grew 25% and AOI margins expanded 250 basis points as we lap Q4 '21 elevated investment spend, and adjusted EPS increased 21% to $2.65. Again, operating income growth was partially offset by higher interest expense related to the acquisition of Itiviti. Our fourth quarter results benefited from continued position growth, strong execution across our product lines and the ongoing strong performance of Itiviti. Let's get into the details of these results, starting with recurring revenue on Slide 10. Recurring revenue grew by 15% to $1.2 billion in Q4 '22. Organic growth was 12%, driven by strong volume growth in new sales. Acquisitions contributed 3 points of growth in the quarter as we passed the one year anniversary of the Itiviti acquisition in May. Our 16% recurring revenue growth for fiscal '22 marks three consecutive years of double-digit recurring revenue growth. With organic growth at 8% in fiscal '21 and 9% in fiscal '22, well above our 5% to 7% three-year growth objective, we are well on our way to exceeding our three-year top line growth objectives. Now let's turn to Slide 11 to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We saw double-digit recurring revenue growth in both of our segments. In Q4, ICS recurring revenues grew 14%, all organic, to $807 million, including double-digit growth across all four product lines. Regulatory revenues rose 13% to $424 million on strong equity and fund position growth. Data-driven fund solutions revenue grew 11% to $103 million, driven by strong growth in our data and analytics solutions and our mutual fund trade processing unit. Our issuer business increased by 18% to $125 million as we maintain share in our virtual shareholder meetings platform and continue to grow our other annual meeting and disclosure products. Finally, our customer communications business had a very strong quarter, growing by 15% to $155 million, driven by a surge in volumes from onboarding new clients and double-digit growth in our higher-margin digital offerings. Customer communications is now delivering solid top line growth. That complements its strong earnings growth as it executes on its print to digital strategy. For the year, ICS grew at 11%, with all of our businesses at or above our organic recurring revenue growth objectives. Turning to GTO on Slide 12. Recurring revenues grew by 18% in Q4 to $382 million, driven by continued strong performance from Itiviti, higher capital markets fixed income trading volumes and an increase in wealth management license revenue. Organic growth was 9% for the quarter and 5% for the year. Capital markets revenues grew by 28% to $240 million, powered by Itiviti, revenue from closed sales and higher fixed income trading volumes. Organic growth in capital markets was 12% for the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. And let me also take a moment to emphasize the strong performance in Itiviti. Itiviti, now BTCS, contributed 7 points of growth to Broadridge's recurring revenue, right on track with the expectation that we set when giving fiscal year '22 guidance and ahead of our profit expectations. Tim walked you through the progress that we've made in the year since the acquisition. So I continue to feel good about our integration, the revenue synergies and strong financial performance in BTCS and the strategy for the business going forward. Wealth and investment management revenues grew by 4% to $142 million, driven by growth from new sales and license revenue, partially offset by the impact of lower trading volumes at our wealth management clients. Full year organic growth was 5%. Now let's turn to Slide 13 for a closer look at the volume trends in ICS and GTO. Position growth remained strong in the fourth quarter across both equities and funds. Equity growth was 17% in the seasonally large fourth quarter. Our testing of position data continued to prove reliable as we finish the full year in line with our late April testing. F or the full year, equity position growth was 18%. Mutual fund growth also remained steady at 10% in the fourth quarter and full year growth was 14%. Turning to trade volumes on the bottom of the slide. Trade volumes grew 8% in Q4, driven by double-digit growth in fixed income volumes as investors sought to stay ahead of rising inflation in the more hawkish Fed. Equity volumes also increased as higher trading by institutional investors more than offset the lower activity at our retail wealth management clients. For the year, internal trade growth was 1%. Let's now move to Slide 14, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenues grew 15%, powered by 12% organic growth and a 3-point contribution from acquisitions, primarily reflecting Itiviti revenue through mid-May. Internal growth, including strong position growth and fixed income trading, drove 8 points of growth and revenue from new sales contributed 6 points of growth. Our retention rate remained at 98%. I'll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on Slide 15. Total revenue grew 12% in Q4 to $1.7 billion. Recurring revenue was the largest contributor, driving 10 points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenue increased by 12% and contributed 3 points to total revenue growth, driven by a combination of higher volumes in our customer communications business and higher postage rates. That growth had a dilutive effect on our reported adjusted operating income margins that I'll highlight in a moment. EBIT-driven revenues were $70 million in Q4 '22, $2 million lower than last year, as lower contest activity was partially offset by continued mutual fund proxy activity. Looking ahead to fiscal '23, we are not forecasting any major mutual fund proxy events and we expect event-driven revenues to be in the $240 million to $260 million range in line with recent years. Turning now to margins on Slide 16. Adjusted operating income margin for Q4 was 25.3%, a 250 basis points improvement over Q4 '21, driven by strong recurring revenue growth and lapping the increased investment in our digital and technology platforms. For the full year, Broadridge delivered 60 basis points of margin expansion, exceeding our objective of 50 basis points despite elevated growth in low to no margin distribution revenue, which diluted our reported full year adjusted operating income margin by 70 basis points. As I have mentioned previously, we saw a modest impact from higher inflation, both in attracting and retaining talent and in material costs to offset that inflation impact and to prepare for a more uncertain economic environment. We took a series of targeted cost actions in Q4 '22. First, given our new hybrid work model, we continue to rightsize our real estate footprint and took a $23 million onetime charge related to those incremental actions. We have now closed or reduced 49 offices or 14% of our total square feet since the beginning of the pandemic in fiscal year '21. Second, we initiated additional business alignment initiatives that resulted in a reduction in both existing and open headcount. As a result of these cost initiatives, we expect to realize $70 million in annualized savings, which, along with the operating leverage inherent in our business model, will allow us to mitigate inflation, continue to invest in our long-term growth investments and meet our earnings growth objectives. Following the decision we announced earlier this year, we are closing our offices in Russia and will relocate associates who want to move. We incurred $1.4 million in expense related to that effort in the fourth quarter and expect another $25 million to $30 million over the course of fiscal '23 to wind down our business in that market. Both the onetime real estate costs and the Russian wind-down expenses have been excluded from our calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. Let's move ahead to closed sales on Slide 17. We ended our fiscal year with another strong selling effort, closing $112 million in closed sales for the quarter. For the full year, sales grew by 21% to $282 million, ahead of our guidance range and marking yet another year of record closed sales. Importantly, these sales were balanced across ICS and GTO products, and we also saw a significant contribution from BTCS. Strong closed sales drove a further increase in our recurring revenue backlog, which reached $440 million or 12% of fiscal '22 recurring revenue. Importantly, our backlog gives us strong visibility into the revenue from closed sales that will power fiscal year '23 recurring revenue growth. I'll turn now to capital allocation on Slide 18. We are a growth company, and our capital allocation model remains focused on balancing investment for long-term growth and capital return to benefit our shareholders. Broadridge generated $370 million in free cash flow in fiscal '22 after investing $447 million in free cash flow in fiscal platform accounted for the most significant part of this investment. As we previously indicated, we are in a peak period of investment across multiple client platforms, including our wealth platform, where we are on track to reach code complete in fiscal '23. We also expect client platform investment to be lower in fiscal '23, with free cash flow conversion returning to more historical levels in fiscal year '24. We also remain committed to funding a dividend that grows in line with earnings having returned a net of $25 3 million to shareholders in fiscal year '22. We are pleased that our Board has approved a 13% annual dividend increase to $2.90 per share in fiscal '23, in line with our targeted dividend payout ratio of 45% of adjusted earnings. Finally, we repaid $95 million of debt as we continue to prioritize debt repayment over share repurchases until we reach a leverage ratio that is in line with our objective to maintain an investment-grade credit rating. I'll close my prepared remarks this morning with some detail on our fiscal '23 guidance, which is on Slide 19. Our guidance calls for mid- to high single-digit recurring revenue growth, continued margin expansion, solid adjusted EPS growth and another year of strong closed sales. Let's take each point in turn, starting with recurring revenues. We expect fiscal year '23 recurring revenue growth of 6% to 9%, all organic, with balanced growth across both ICS and GTO. The biggest driver of our growth is expected to beat new sales as we work to onboard our $440 million backlog. We also expect mid- to high single-digit position growth and flat trading volumes. And as always, the recurring revenue guidance reflects a constant currency view. In addition to recurring revenue, we expect low double-digit growth in distribution revenues, driven by solid volume growth and additional postage rate increases. As I indicated earlier, we expect event-driven revenues to be in the $240 million to $260 million range down from $270 million in fiscal '22. Factoring recurring, event-driven and distribution revenues, we expect total revenue constant currency growth to be in the 6% to 10% range. Second, we expect to expand our adjusted operating margin in fiscal '23 by approximately 50 basis points, driven by the scale in our business, the ongoing mix shift to digital and deficiency gains, including our recent cost initiatives. These drivers should enable us to offset inflation-related increase and the dilution from double-digit growth and low to no margin distribution revenues. Third, we expect adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 11%. Embedded in our adjusted EPS outlook is the impact of higher interest rates, which will drive a $35 million to $40 million increase in interest expense and the impact of the stronger dollar, which will lower our adjusted earnings growth by just over 1%. Keep in mind that while higher interest rates are impacting our interest expense line, the impact on Broadridge as a whole is largely neutral as our $1.6 billion in variable debt outstanding is essentially matched by cash balances held in our mutual fund trade processing and stock transfer businesses. So any increase in interest expense is offset by an equivalent increase in float revenue in ICS. We are also projecting an overall tax rate of 21% and a modest increase in diluted shares outstanding. Closing our discussion of EPS we expect to complete the integration of Itiviti and incur expenses related to winding down our operations in Russia. These expenses are not included in our calculation of adjusted EPS guidance. Turning now to our final guidance point, closed sales. We expect another strong year in sales, with the fiscal '23 guidance range of $270 million to $310 million including balanced sales between ICS and GTO. So to sum up, our fiscal '23 guidance emphasizes the strength and resilience of our financial model and our ability to drive sustainable recurring revenue growth through any economic environment, fund growth investments while expanding margins and delivering steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth, all while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet and a balanced capital allocation policy. Before I move on from guidance, let me briefly discuss our Q1 outlook. Historically, Broadridge has generated 10% to 17% of our earnings in the first quarter. In fiscal 2023, we expect our Q1 earnings to be at the low end of that historical range, driven by lower event-driven revenues and the carryover impact of higher fiscal '22 expenses. And one administrative note for fiscal '23 and moving forward, beginning with our first quarter results, we will be completing the final stage of our recasted FX reporting. Given the increased size and scale of our international business and global operations, it is a appropriate to incorporate FX changes more fully into our reporting. You will recall that last year, we implemented the first phase of this transition by updating the fixed exchange rate for our segment revenues and for recurring revenue, which reduced the difference between the fixed rate and the actual rate that was recorded in our FX revenue line. We will now be translating changes in FX into our segment and recurring revenue reporting, allowing us to eliminate the FX revenue line entirely. As a result, you'll see the impact of changes in FX directly in our recurring revenue line rather than as a change in the FX revenue line. While this change will modestly reduce our reported recurring revenue, it will have little impact on our reported recurring revenue growth rate and no impact on our reported total revenue or profitability metrics. As we did last year, we intend to publish our historical revenue results at a recasted actual rate ahead of our first quarter earnings so that you have a chance to adjust your models. So where does that leave us? Let me wrap up by putting our fiscal '23 guidance in the context of our three-year financial objectives on Slide 20. Our guidance for fiscal '23 has Broadridge well positioned to deliver above the three-year growth objectives for organic recurring revenue and recurring revenue, in line or ahead of our margin objectives and with adjusted EPS growth at the higher end of our three-year growth objective range. Of course, we need to execute in an increasingly uncertain environment in fiscal year '23. By doing so, we will have delivered again on another set of three-year growth objectives. Just as we did in fiscal '14 to '17 and fiscal '17 to '20. That performance underscores the strength and consistency of our business model. Our strategy of growing our governance and capital market franchises and building a wealth management franchise as well as the long-term trends driving our growth. With that, let's take your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: I appreciate the call outs on the fiscal '23 guidance, Edmund. Can you talk to your expectations, though for Itiviti, which is clearly growing solid double digit and has margin well above your corporate average. And any expectation we should be incorporating from the UBS contract?
Edmund Reese: Let me maybe say one to Itiviti, and then turn it over to Tim to talk about long-term view on Itiviti in the UBS contract. First, David, I was very pleased. We said at the beginning of the fiscal '22 guidance that we'd expect Itiviti to contribute 7 to 8 points. And that revenue performance that Tim mentioned, we're very pleased about that. We expect to see mid- to high single-digit growth in Itiviti, as we said when we made the acquisition, and we feel very good about the profit outlook on it as well. So I feel good going into fiscal '23 and the contribution that we expect from Itiviti. And Tim can give further view on what we think going forward.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Dave, from a modeling perspective, it's really incorporated in the guidance that Edmund gave. But just stepping back from it a little bit, obviously, we're pleased with the integration. What we were really pleased by is the confirmation around our strategic thesis with our clients and the conversations that we've been having with them about how we fit into their road map. And really as we look at our -- the way our technology architecture, the way our product roadmap overlaps with what our client needs as well as the real commitment to service that both Itiviti and Broadridge have and how that is resonating, so we really are seeing market share gains, and that's delivering the financial benefits that we talked about. And just to expand a little bit of the outlook I gave when I was talking is as you think about that as you think about that short-, medium- and long-term goals in terms of how we see this unfolding, we think there is a real opportunity over the next few years to take share in the front office. There is a real need out there for a next-generation solution, and people are really looking to us as the right partner for that. And we saw that with multiple competitive wins in this last year, which drove more than $3 million in sales, which we see continuing to grow. In medium term, we think there is opportunity around geographic and asset class expansion. And we're seeing the pipeline grow in North America. We saw some good sales in North America. So we're really having the opportunity to bring Itiviti to North America where it traditionally hasn't been as strong. We're getting introduced by Itiviti in Europe to their clients, and there's also a lot of opportunity in exchange-rated derivatives. And then longer term, that ability to really create a true front-to-back solution -- and some clients -- some of our clients are very excited about that because there's a lot of inefficiency today where the data in the front office and the back office don't match, and it creates a lot of internal inefficiency and brakes. And ability to bring that true back-office data all the way to the front, can really increase traders' effectiveness and ability for them to be effective in their business. So we are incredibly excited about this. Everything that we thought about it has been happening. And we're very excited about the long term. Now your second part of your question was on UBS, which I'm sure others will have that same question. And specifically related to '23, there's nothing in our guidance about for this. We're really expecting the revenue to begin to be recognized after our '23 fiscal year as we talked about sort of in summer of calendar '23, which will be in our fiscal '24 calendar year. And I'll leave it at that for right now. But if others have questions, I have a lot to say about the wealth platform and how excited we are with it.
David Togut: And just as a quick follow-up, Edmund, you called out some impact of carryover expenses from Q4 into Q1. Can you kind of walk us through the cadence of investment spending throughout FY '23? You said you were being increasingly disciplined in your planning process.
Edmund Reese: Yes. I mean, David, where I'd start there is we have seen volatility over the past two years and we've continued to see Broadridge continue to expand adjusted operating income margins. Over the last three years, it's been over 50 basis points. You know that we set as an objective 50 basis points, and we did 60 in fiscal '22, despite the inflation impact, despite the distribution impact that we've had and 60 basis points in fiscal '21 as well. Inherent in our business model is operating leverage that we get from bringing on new revenue onto our fixed infrastructure without seeing additional costs that we get from moving from -- as we continue to become more of a digital business and then the efficiencies that we see in the business as well, from things like moving to the cloud and in our technology expense. That, I think, allows us to continue to expand margins each year and create capacity for investment. Now like many other companies going into an uncertain economic environment, I thought it was prudent for us to take -- to be proactive and take actions to drive down the cost and create more capacity for us. And so we have started those actions as we went into our fiscal '23 planning process. They're underway, which is why I felt confident in giving a number today in terms of the annualized savings associated with that. That is going to allow us to mitigate the inflation impact, continue to create capacity for investment, which is our objective to have ongoing investment in our revenue initiatives and continue to deliver these kind of -- the earnings that's in line with our objectives and with the guidance that we gave. So ongoing investments are going to be a part of our business model. And I think we have the operating leverage in our business and the proactive actions that allow us to continue that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Heckmann from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: I wanted to ask customer reimbursables are growing quite a bit faster than I would have expected given some of the secular decline in paper and going to electronic, it was about 11% last year, about 10% to 15% this year. How would you break down the contribution from the increase in postage? And then kind of that core growth rate, would you attribute that to just additional customer communications wins?
Tim Gokey: Peter, we didn't quite hear the very first part of your question. Growth in what?
Peter Heckmann: Customer reimbursables.
Tim Gokey: Let me just -- I'll take a little bit of an overview, and let Edmund add on to that. But we are seeing good growth -- well, first of all, it's the factors you mentioned. So postage was a significant factor, and there's going to be another postage increase in this coming year. And the customer communications business, which has a lower digital percentage than our regulatory business, had some very nice growth as you saw this year. And that's growth both from bringing on new clients and from increased -- some increased volume inside existing clients. So good growth in both those things. I will -- I know it's not your question, but I just have to point out the increased digitization rates that we've seen over the past couple of years are now at 86% for proxy, 78% for funds. And so we continue to think that the long-term piece, as we get to digitization, is that the distribution revenue should be a smaller piece of our business. We were a bit surprised by that this year. And -- but it looks like with the postage increase, it will be significant again next year. And just I'll ask Edmund to...
Edmund Reese: Yes, I'll just add to what you just said because your comments were spot on, Tim. On an ongoing business as usual basis, I'd expect the distribution revenue to be in sort of mid-single-digit growth levels. But because of what the strength that we've had in our customer communications business with strong wins there, we have seen an uptick in and that moves us to these low double-digit rates plus the postage increase that Tim has seen. And as a result of that, you're seeing top line growth, by the way, in our customer communications business in line with the strong earnings that we've put in there. I think the important point on that is that both of those components, the customer communications distribution plus the postage, is that no margin -- very low to no margins for us and that doesn't have whether the growth rates are higher -- when the growth rates are higher because of that it's not having a big impact on our overall earnings. It is having an impact on our reported margins, but we are still able to be able to drive the margin expansion despite that. I think that's the key thing to keep in mind as you think about the distribution revenue.
Tim Gokey: That's a great point, Edmund. I just -- again, I know you all know this, but you obviously hear me say, it is you really -- when you think about Broadridge, we're thinking about fee revenue. And both in terms of growth and in terms of margin, when you look at fee revenue, that is really what is our economic driver.
Peter Heckmann: And then just thinking about M&A, Broadridge's has been an active acquirer over the years. But should we expect that the M&A activity might be a little less frequent and maybe smaller deals for the next two or three quarters as you get down towards your target leverage ratio?
Tim Gokey: Yes, thanks, Pete. That is -- as we look at the environment, first of all, in terms of the attractiveness of the price of assets, which even though the market has come down, is still not amazingly attractive. And then as we look at really prioritizing paying down the debt from Itiviti and getting to more normal levels of leverage. So I think it's never say never for the right thing. But really our emphasis is on paying down the debt at this time.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: So it looks like ICS internal growth trends inflected higher in the quarter. Even related to the last quarter, it seemed like year-on-year trends improved a lot, adjusted for comps and seasonality. Is that right? And what would you attribute that, Tim?
Tim Gokey: Yes, it is a -- I don't know if I would say it was necessarily stronger than the year before because we had exceptional position growth in the prior year. But when you look across the business, and obviously, we had really strong performance in customer communications on top of everything else this year. So it was a really good strong quarter for ICS. And the interesting thing, Puneet, that I want to make sure we call people's attention to is the revenue from new sales that we saw in ICS as well. So we do a lot of talk about position growth. And in the past, there was a time when ICS was largely just about position growth. But when you look at the revenue from new sales, it's a very significant portion of the growth this year, which is something that we think can be a long-term trend as we've really done so much innovation and new product launch there that is a much bigger component of the whole growth mix.
Edmund Reese: And let me just add, and I think it's a good observation, Puneet. In Tim's point, let me just maybe add 1 or 2 points. You're right, you did see sort of elevated growth in the issuer business and then the customer communications business. Remember, issuer last year on the full year grew at 21%. We're now seeing 14% this year. In the quarter, we continued to have strong retention of our virtual shareholder meetings platform. That wasn't a big growth driver. There was some incrementality there, but that retention is very important. And then our disclosure products had very high growth -- as well, some of that, the disclosure business has been growing very healthy over the past couple of quarters. We got a little bit of an uptick as companies look to revamp their proxies and annual reports. We do a good job of winning that business. And I don't know to expect that kind of growth on an ongoing basis. And then in the customer communications business, just onboarding a bunch of the large sales that we've had over the past year print and digital sales that we've had drove growth there. I think the big point that I've asked you to take away, Puneet, is we still very -- feel very comfortable with our long-term objectives of 5% to 7% organic growth from these businesses. And I think that's what you can expect as we look at them moving forward.
Puneet Jain: And then for VSM within issuer solutions, how should we think about penetration rate for that market? You've been offering that for a couple of years. How -- is there a way to think about like you are at X percent penetrated of the addressable market or of total number of issuers that are out there within the VSM solutions?
Tim Gokey: Yes, it's Tim. On that, in terms of penetration, I think that we saw, obviously, a very big jump up in that over the past few years. I think in 2019, we did 300 meetings. And then -- and we're 2,500 now. It is, I think, from here -- so then the first question is, will it go back? And I think what we're definitively seeing there is no. What we hear from our clients is once they have moved to this, they see the benefits. They see the increased investor participation. They see the convenience not needing to have people travel. All those things is obviously really the benefit. So we haven't seen people going back. So that's step one, which is very important. I think the growth from here will be much more incremental. It is -- many of the people who are going to make a decision have made it over the past few years. And do you think it will be a very solid offer in the future? But I don't think we expect to see the kinds of growth that we've seen in the past, with just very solid one at a time kind of growth.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick OâShaughnessy: I'm trying to square your positive comments about Itiviti with the actual revenue trends. So it sounds like it performed relative -- or in line with your plan for the year. You just seem pretty happy with it. But it was a $250 million revenue business when you bought it in early 2021, it did $256 million of revenue this past fiscal year. So it doesn't seem to be exhibiting a lot of revenue growth, at least over the past year. So why square your positive tone with those numbers?
Tim Gokey: Yes, sure, Patrick. There is a -- there's a sort of a revenue here cut that takes place as part of sort of the accounting of software businesses. And so when you look at the revenue that there was previously, there's a bit of a sort of downtick built in, in the first year, which we grew over and more. We'll get some of that back in this coming year. And so we'll have a nice continued growth this coming year that will be sort of above that high single-digit trend that Edmund talked about, which we see as a long-term trend. And so really, we have to measure it relative to our objectives, which was sort of on a like-to-like basis, it was double digit this year. And so we feel very good about that as well as the sales goals, which were -- when you think about $30-plus million on a $256 million business, that's a really nice percentage of sales relative to the base. And then the earnings was quite a bit above our expectations as well. So across all three of those metrics, it performed well. And then just the outlook feels really good, too, in terms of meeting our acquisition case and more.
Patrick OâShaughnessy: And then Edmund, you kind of mentioned this in your prepared remarks, but there is the interest income upside within the data-driven fund solutions business. Can you help us think about quantifying that? Is there a certain amount of float times in interest rate that we should be thinking about? Or kind of what is the upside to that in a further rising rate environment?
Edmund Reese: Well, the short important point on it is that it really offsets and makes our overall rate impact neutral or slightly positive as I think about the interest expense line. And then the prepared remarks, I talked about interest expense for the $1.6 billion in variable debt that we have, having about a $35 million to $40 million impact. Our treasury teams and our business teams worked very hard to be able to recognize the rate increases that we see in the asset side as well as mutual funds. So you can expect the impact to be roughly the same amount on the asset off balance sheet side of the ledger. So it's about a neutral impact as we think about those two impacts, both on the interest expense side and on the balances.
Operator: The next question is the follow-up from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Just a quick follow-up. You gave some kind of guide rails, Edmund, around Q1 FY '23 EPS as a percentage of total annual EPS kind of characterizing it as toward the lower end of the 10% to 17% range historically. Can you put some guide rails around your revenue growth expectations as well? We're getting some incoming questions on that.
Edmund Reese: Yes, I think we've seen -- on the Q1 overall, you're right, I think the -- when you think about total revenue, I'd expect the recurring revenue to be in the strong position growth. We continue to feel very good, as Tim mentioned earlier, about onboarding our sales from the revenue backlog of $440 million. That is the key driver of our growth, and those things are healthy going into each of the quarters, including Q1. When you think about total revenues, where you start to see the impact being lower, if you think about Q1 of '22, where we saw almost record levels of event-driven revenue, it was over $76 million in Q1, and we're going to be lower than that. And then the incremental expenses is what drives -- or the full year impact of expenses that were in fiscal year '22 is what drives Q1 to be at the lower end of that 10% to 17% range.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: This is Tim. I just want to thank everyone for joining us. We are really pleased with the performance we had this past year. We're really excited about the upcoming year and about the future for our company, our ability to help our clients and improve the lives of millions of investors. So thank you very much for joining, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Kate. Good morning and welcome to Broadridge’s third quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today’s call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the -- in the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thanks Edings. Good morning. I'm pleased to be here to discuss our strong results, record sales and outlook for another really good year. I'll start with the highlights for the quarter. First, Broadridge reported another quarter of strong results. Recurring revenues rose 16% and adjusted EPS rose 10%. More importantly, we're entering our seasonally largest quarter with continued momentum, and we are well-positioned to close out another year of strong top and bottom line growth. Second, our growth continues to be powered by long-term trends. In an uncertain market, we're benefiting from increased investor participation, the need to modernize and digitize financial system technology and the ever-present focus on efficiency. Thanks to our investment in multiyear focus, Broadridge is taking advantage of these trends, and you see that in our growth and in our closed sales. We're also benefiting from strong performance in our acquisition of Itiviti. Third, the convergence of long-term trends is making what we do increasingly important, especially in governance. In few moments, I'll discuss those trends and their positive implications. Finally, Broadridge is on track to deliver another strong year. As a result of our year-to-date performance and visibility into the fourth quarter, we are raising our adjusted EPS forecast to 13% to 15% from 11% to 15%. With only a few months to go, we expect to deliver mid-teens recurring revenue and mid-teens adjusted EPS growth along with another year of margin expansion. That, in turn, positions us to deliver at the higher end of our three-year growth objectives. Let's turn now to our business update on slide 4, starting with governance. Our governance business continues to drive our growth. ICS recurring revenues rose 9% to $630 million in the third quarter, driven by new sales and strong position growth. We are now well into the peak of proxy season and record growth remained strong. Equity stock record growth was 17% in the third quarter, with overall positions increasing throughout the quarter despite volatility in the market. We see this momentum continuing into the fourth quarter, as Edmund will share with you. Looking at the drivers of that growth, our data shows the largest increase in online brokers, complemented by substantial double-digit growth for more traditional players. And we continue to see very good growth across both managed and individually directed accounts. We're also seeing investor participation increasing on the fund side with mutual fund and ETF record growth of 10% for the quarter. ETFs are continuing to gain ground with investors, but we also saw strong growth at a number of active complexes. The continuing strength and breadth of equity and fund position growth reflects the continued breadth of retail investor participation and the power of technology to increase access to markets. Outside of regulatory, we saw solid mid single-digit growth across our other businesses, including data-driven solutions, issuer and customer communications. Moving to capital markets. Recurring revenues rose 56% to $247 million. Activity was the biggest driver and is also contributing nicely to our closed sales growth. The combination of activity's modular technology architecture, our commitment to client service and our long-term product road map is resonating with clients and driving market share gains. We're also making good strides on the integration itself, including rebranding the business as Broadridge Trading and Connectivity Solutions, or BTCS. With three quarters under our belt, we forecast the rebranded activity is on track to meet our expectations. I'm also pleased to see continued progress in our distributed ledger and AI initiatives. Undistributed Ledger Repo, were on pace to go live with third significant market is in the next few weeks, which will take our daily average trading volume up over time to $50 billion per day from $35 billion now, with a strong pipeline behind that. Our AI-powered fixed income trading platform also continues to make steady progress. During the quarter, we completed integration with Charles River. And last week, we announced our buy-side advisory form with many of the world's largest asset management firms, including BlackRock and PIMCO. Turning to Wealth and Investment Management. Revenues declined 2% to $134 million as we lapped the elevated trading volumes triggered by the meme stock phenomenon a year ago. More importantly, our wealth sales remained strong in the quarter and are up more than 50% year-to-date, building the base for future growth. Finally, we successfully rolled out our next-generation client workstation and more than 15,000 UBS advisors and others, and feedback from those users has remained exceptionally positive. Last, we reported another strong quarter for closed sales, which are up more than 40% year-to-date and set a new record for third quarter and for year-to-date. These new sales are being paced by our investments in enhancing investor engagement, adding and growing activity, building out our DLT and AI-powered solutions and in our wealth product suite, among others. Our strong sales results have us on track to achieve another year of record closed sales and to set the stage for continued growth. As I noted earlier, we are now well into proxy season as more than 80% of annual meetings take place in April through June. Equity position growth remained strong, which speaks to the continued increase in participation in our markets, and that's clearly a strong tailwind for our business. Beyond that growth, however, we see a confluence of long-term trends that are making our role power and corporate governance even more critical and valuable to the investment process. So, let's turn to Slide 5 for a deeper dive. The first of those trends is, one, I've already discussed which is a growing participation in our markets or the democratization of investing. And that really is a function of falling trading costs, enabling a much wider set of products for investors. If you think back over the past two decades, we've seen the rise of ETFs, managed accounts and more recently at base investing and zero commission trading.  As we look forward, we see more changes, including pass-through voting and direct indexing. Taken together, these trends are bringing more investors, especially younger ones, into the market and giving them access to more diversified and sophisticated investment strategies. At the same time, the importance of environmental, social and government factors is also growing, driven especially by climate and social issues. Investors are voting with their assets as shown by the strong inflows into ESG funds and increasingly devoting with their shares. Not only are we seeing a rising number of ESG proposals on the ballot for annual meetings. Those proposals are getting more support overtime and we've all seen the SEC's proposed rules for further ESG disclosures. It's clear that ESG issues are increasing the engagement of all investors, both retail and institutional.  As a result, engagement between retail investors, institutional investors, wealth managers, fund companies and issuers is more important than ever. Facilitating this engagement is, what we do and we are innovating to meet that challenge. We're enabling fund companies to drive pass-through voting to their investors. We've instituted end-to-end vote confirmation for 2,500 public companies, including all the Fortune 500, so that investors can confirm their votes are being counted. And we're implementing universal proxy to simplify content. At the same time, we're making it easier than ever for voters and issuers to engage each other with our enhanced proxy about app and an upgraded virtual shareholder meeting platform. In short, we're using our place at the center of a network linking broker-dealers, institutional investors, tens of millions of retail investors and thousands of funds and public companies to make it easier than ever for every investor to vote and to have a voice in the policies of the companies that they own and we're making it more efficient than ever for public companies and funds to engage with to shareholders. These investments are paying off in the form of higher growth and higher value for all of our stakeholders.  I'll wrap up with some final thoughts on Slide 6 and then turn it over to Edmund. Broadridge continues to execute and deliver on our growth strategy. We're extending our governance franchise and enhancing investor engagement. We're growing capital markets by driving efficiency and enabling trading innovation. And we're building a wealth and investment management business with next-generation technology. Our performance in the quarter and over this year has been driven by the onboarding of new sales and strong underlying volume trends. Looking ahead, we see another strong quarter, despite increased volatility as the world copes with rising inflation, higher rates, the slowdown in China and unfortunately, the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  Our ability to execute in these choppy markets, reflects the strength of our recurring business – recurring revenue business model and the long-term trends that power our growth, whether it's the increased investor participation, driven by following trading costs, digitization or the relentless pace of technology innovation. These trends have proven durable in both strong and weak markets and give us the confidence to make investments to drive long-term growth. So even in the phase of increased volatility, our business is poised to grow. Broadridge is on track to deliver a strong fourth quarter to close out another very good year with FY '22 recurring revenue at the high end of our guidance range, with continued margin expansion and with adjusted EPS growth of 13% to 15%. That strong performance in '22 comes on the back of a fiscal year 2021 in which Broadridge delivered 10% recurring revenue growth, 60 basis points of margin expansion and 13% adjusted EPS growth. As a result, we remain well positioned to deliver at the higher end of the fewer growth objectives we laid out at our last Investor Day. Before I turn it over to Edmund, I want to thank our 14,000 associates around the world for their hard work in delivering the results, we're announcing today. The work we do is important, enabling better financial lives for millions of investors around the globe. Our associates' high engagement, still 10% above pre-pandemic levels, makes a difference every day for those investors, for our clients and for our shareholders. Thank you. With that, let me turn the call over to Edmund.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be here discussing another quarter of strong performance, which highlights the strength and the stability of our financial model and the long-term trends that are driving our growth. Broadridge delivered top line growth above our fiscal year '22 guidance range, driven by revenue from new sales, strong volumes and continued contributions from Itiviti. We continue to expect recurring revenue growth to be at the high end of our 12% to 15% growth range. And that, coupled with our continued ability to create operating leverage, even in this inflationary environment, gives us confidence to increase our adjusted EPS guidance to 13% to 15% growth. As a result of our strong third quarter performance, together with our expectations for a strong fourth quarter, Broadridge remains on track to deliver another year of double-digit revenue growth, higher margins and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Turning to slide 7, you can see that strong performance. In Q3, Broadridge's recurring revenues grew 16% to $1 billion. Adjusted operating income increased 10% to $313 million, and AOI margins were flat at 20.4%, including the drag from low to no margin distribution revenues. And adjusted EPS increased 10% to $1.93. Our Q3 results included higher-than-expected equity position growth and also benefited from the timing of Itiviti revenue and tax discretes. I'll also reiterate that we will continue to see operating income growth, partially offset by higher interest expense related to the acquisition of Itiviti until we grow over the incremental interest expense in fiscal Q1 20'23. Let's get into the details of those results, starting with recurring revenue on slide 8. Recurring revenue grew from $873 million in Q3 2021 to $1 billion in Q3 2022, an increase of 16%, exceeding our fiscal '22 guidance range. Organic growth accounted for seven points of the 16% increase, driven by a balance of onboarding new sales and volume growth. Acquisitions, primarily Itiviti drove nine points of growth. Now, let's turn to slide nine to look at the growth across our ICS and GTO segments. We continue to see strong growth in both of our segments. ICS recurring revenues grew 9% all organic to $630 million, driven by strong growth in our regulatory business and balanced mid-single-digit growth across all other product lines. Regulatory revenues rose 13% to $322 million, driven by strong growth in equity positions and mutual fund interims. Data-driven fund solutions revenue grew 6% to $91 million, resulting from higher assets under administration in our mutual fund trade processing unit. Our issuer business increased by 5% to $46 million as we continue to see growth in our disclosure products. That business also benefited from high retention rates for our virtual shareholder meeting platform as the number of meetings are on pace to modestly exceed fiscal year 2021. Finally, we continue to benefit from strong demand in our customer communications business as revenues rose 6% to $172 million. Turning to GTO, recurring revenues grew by 29% to $381 million. Organic growth was 2%. Capital market revenues grew by 56% to $247 million. Activity, now branded BTCS, was the largest contributor to this growth, adding $79 million of revenue. Q3, our activity revenue includes a benefit from the timing of license revenue, but more importantly, activity continues to benefit from strong demand, including market share gains in Europe and Asia. On an organic basis, capital market revenues grew by 6%, driven by new sales and higher fixed income trading volumes. Wealth and investment management revenues decreased by 2% to $134 million, in line with our expectations. Lower equity trading volumes resulting from lapping the elevated retail volumes we saw last year at the height of the mean stock phenomenon lowered growth by four points. Looking forward, we expect both wealth and capital markets growth to pick up in the fourth quarter as we continue to onboard new sales with full year organic growth in our targeted 5% to 7% range, both franchises. Now, let's turn to slide 10 for a closer look at volume trends. We are now in the peak period for annual meetings and proxies and we continue to see strong volume growth driven by increasing investor participation. Equity positions continued to strengthen throughout the quarter and reached 17% in Q3. Through the end of April, we have received record data for 97% of the proxies that are expected for the year and this data gives us high confidence in our Q4 estimate. For the full year, we expect equity position growth of approximately 18%. We are encouraged by this long-term tailwind and its contribution to driving growth in our business. Growth in mutual fund and ETF volumes was also strong at 10% in Q3, despite choppy markets. We continue to expect low double-digit growth for the full year. Turning to the bottom of the slide, trading volumes fell by 6% on a blended basis as expected, driven by lower equity trading volumes in wealth, which more than offset an increase in fixed income trading and capital markets. We continue to expect full year trading volume to be essentially flat for the year. Let's now move to slide 11, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenues rose 16%, powered by 7% organic growth and a nine-point contribution from Mitivity . Organic growth was balanced between net new business and internal growth. Revenue from closed sales and our continued high retention of recurring revenue from existing client contracts drove 3 points. And internal growth contributed 3 points to recurring revenue driven largely by position growth, which more than offset the decline in equity trading volumes. Our 9 points of acquisition growth were driven by Itiviti, which contributed $79 million, as I noted earlier. And keep in mind, we expect the benefit from acquisitions has declined significantly in the fourth quarter as we lap the one-year anniversary of the close of the Itiviti acquisition in mid-May. At that point, Itiviti will begin to contribute to our organic growth. I'll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on slide 12. Total revenue grew 10% in Q3. Recurring revenue was the largest contributor, driving 10 points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenue increased by 6% and contributed 2 points to total revenue growth. The biggest driver of that growth came from higher mail volumes in our customer communications business as well as higher postage rates, which offset a decline in event-driven activity. I will reiterate that both elevated distribution revenue and the increased mix of distribution revenue from customer communications suppresses our reported margin. We expect continued elevated growth in distribution revenue in the fourth quarter. Over the long-term, we expect that the share of distribution revenue as a percentage of total revenue will decline. Event-driven revenues were slightly above our seven-year quarterly average and reached $59 million, diluting total revenue growth by 1-point. For modeling purposes, we continue to believe that the best assumption is our $55 million seven-year quarterly average versus a strong Q4 2021. Now the margins on slide 13. Adjusted operating income margin in Q3 was flat at 20.4% as our strong growth in recurring revenue was offset by elevated growth and low margin distribution revenue and our continued investment in our digital and technology platforms. As a reminder, the increased distribution revenue we have seen throughout the year, including the postage rate increase, will negatively impact our reported full year adjusted operating income margin by 40 to 50 basis points with no impact on adjusted EPS. Like others, we continue to see an impact from higher inflation, both in attracting and retaining talent and in materials cost. To-date, this impact has been modest, and we are confident that we can continue to offset most of these costs. Let me also add that we have been increasing our level of investments over the last several quarters with a focus on revenue-generating initiatives, client retention and strengthening our technology infrastructure. I'll reiterate that we have the flexibility to dial up and dial down our investments. That period of elevated investment began in Q2, 2021 and continued in the Q3, 2022. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are now fully lapping the period of higher investments, and we expect to see increased margin expansion. As a result, we are reiterating our AOI margin guidance of approximately 18.5%. Let's move ahead to closed sales on slide 14. We reported third quarter closed sales of $58 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $170 million, which as Tim said earlier, is more than 40% above last year. Our strong sales performance continued to be propelled by smaller sales. In fact, sales of less than 2 million, accounted for 90% of our sales in the third quarter. To me, that's an indicator of strong sales traction and highlights the value of our increasing focus on driving componentized solutions, especially in GTO. Looking ahead to the all-important fourth quarter, we have a very healthy pipeline, and we are well positioned to achieve our closed sales guidance of $240 million to $280 million. And finally, let's turn to cash flow and capital allocation on slide 15. For the quarter, Broadridge generated $55 million in free cash flow, bringing our year-to-date total to negative $68 million. Year-to-date, we have invested $54 million in CapEx and software and $350 million in our platforms. As we indicated last quarter, we continue to be in a peak period of investment across multiple client platform investments, including our wealth platform. We expect lower investment, as we complete the wealth management platform build and begin to recognize revenue from the UBS contract in mid-calendar 2023. As we move past our current investment phase, we expect that our free cash flow conversion will revert to historical levels. More broadly, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation policy that prioritizes internal investments, value-enhancing M&A and a strong and growing dividend. We have returned a net of $168 million to shareholders in fiscal year 2022, primarily in the form of our dividend. And we remain focused on paying down debt and maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, all while delivering steady and consistent earnings growth. I'll close my prepared remarks with commentary on our updated guidance on slide 16 and some final thoughts on our third quarter results. We are maintaining our revenue and margin guidance and increasing our adjusted EPS guidance. Specifically, we expect to deliver recurring revenue growth at the high end of 12% to 15% guidance range. We maintain our adjusted operating income margin guidance of approximately 18.5%. We are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to 13% to 15%, modestly higher than our original 11% to 15% range, reflecting better-than-expected performance in the third quarter and our continued ability to create operating leverage, while delivering steady and consistent earnings growth, and we are reiterating our closed sales guidance of $240 million to $280 million. With that, let me reiterate my key messages. First, Broadridge delivered strong third quarter results across both the top and bottom line. Second, we are positioned to deliver strong fourth quarter results and more importantly, another strong fiscal year. Our updated guidance calls for the high end of 12% to 15% recurring revenue growth, higher margins and 13% to 15% adjusted EPS growth and not to mention record sales. Third and last, we continue to balance strong short-term results with long-term growth investments, and we are well positioned going into fiscal year 2023 to deliver at the higher end of our three-year growth objectives. And with that, let's take your questions. I'll turn it back over to Kate.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question is from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Millie on behalf of David Togut. Congrats on the strong quarter and the 42% year-to-date closed sales. Just, can you please give us more color on the mix of different contributing factors to that 42% increase?
Tim Gokey: Yeah. This is Tim. I'll comment and then Edmund add on to it. First of all, it's great to see the continued momentum in the market for our products. And -- evidence, really nice progress. What we saw was balanced across both ICS and GTO. We are seeing, of course, this is the first year we have activity as part of the mix. And so that is adding nicely and the timing of the activity sales are a little bit different than our traditional timing. So I think that probably is contributing to the very strong year-to-date results. But when we talk to clients and talking about their underlying needs, we are just seeing the things we talked about in terms of long-term. We're seeing strong demand in the government side, in the wealth side, in the capital market side. I've had some great client conversations over the past few months had an opportunity to demo all of our wealth products with one of the leading wealth managers, a really exciting day when they see how it's all coming together now that that's beginning to be live and they can see things in production. So we're very excited about the momentum. And we think that's all leading into that $240 million to $280 million for the year. So actually, I went on longer than I expected. I don't know you have Edmund anything to add.
Edmund Reese: I think you admitted all. The only thing I'd add to that is, Millie, as you know, closed sales is more of a longer-term metric. What we are -- we continue to be focused on is our revenue backlog. And as you know, the last time we reported on that number, it was 12% of recurring revenue, and that gives us great visibility into the recurring revenue growth as well. So that's the only piece I'd add to what you have there, Tim.
Tim Gokey: That's right.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Young of Truist. Please go ahead.
Michael Young: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I actually wanted to follow up on kind of the sales commentary, maybe get a little bit deeper, more granular. I appreciate the detail on kind of the size of the sales. But just generally, kind of as you zoom out, what's kind of your key driver of new sales? Is it new product or expanding relationships? Is it kind of a backlog post-pandemic? Just if you could kind of walk us through what's kind of driving it in both segments would be helpful.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, Michael, it is really -- it's a combination of all of that. It is -- we have deep client relationships and most of our sales are to existing clients and are sort of part of, I guess, what some people call land and expand. But if you look at the available wallet share inside our largest clients relative to what we're selling them, even when we have large relationships, there's a lot of opportunity. And so I think across the board, that tends to be the biggest driver. A year ago at this time, we had lots and lots of new clients with the shareholder rights directive when we signed up over 300 clients in the span of 18 months. That is -- continues to be a factor, but less than it was a year ago. I think also a year ago, we were having really strong success with expanding virtual shareholder meetings. This year, that is more of a retention story. So I think if you look at the difference between last year -- last year and this year, it continues to be strong governance. Obviously, we talked about the increase in wealth, the addition of Itiviti and then just really solid capital markets results as we go through. And I'm not sure if you have anything to add.
Edmund Reese: The only thing I'd add to that because, again, you were thorough there, Tim, is as we said in our prepared remarks here, Michael, the fact that most of the sales are smaller sales, there are core less than $2 million in sales. It really gives us confidence in the value proposition across the entire product set. Tim talked about existing clients. We see strong existing products as well that are selling in our customer communications business. We've expanded the relationships from just print relationships into digital and have seen strong sales there as well. So again, I think it's broad-based and across our overall product portfolio.
Michael Young: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then the second question, I just wanted to ask about kind of the capital markets volatility we've seen here more recently. Are you guys seeing any pull-through impacts into either stockholder record growth as we move even past the fourth quarter, I know you guys can start to see in the quarter following that. And then -- or is it impacting your trading comps. It'd be helpful to get some color on either this.
Tim Gokey: Sure, Michael. There's clearly a lot of increased uncertainty in the market and driven by higher inflation, the Russian invasion, rising rates, those had very little impact on our Q3 results. We just talked about the strong sales. We saw the strong record growth. Trading activity was modestly lower, but that was really more as we lapped last year's high volatility. We have a lot of visibility into Q4 at this point. Given the way the records close before the actual sending of communications, and we see strong continued record growth in Q4. So it's really being driven by the long-term trends that we've talked about in terms of market participation, digitization technology. As we look beyond that, the -- we do have some visibility into the first half of next year. And we do expect a return to more normalized levels. Our testing right now would be mid-single digits, but it's hard to say because it always continues to increase as you get closer to the event, and we're pretty far out right now. So it's -- I do think the growth will be lower than this year, and that's sort of the planning scenario that we're working on. And then we're seeing inflationary pressures like others, but the strong revenue growth we're seeing, the efficiencies we're enabling means that we think we can offset that and still deliver sort of the margin expansion that we typically talk about.
Michael Young: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. Curious about what areas of your business you would think that you would have pricing power in during an inflationary environment?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick, I will -- I'll start on that and let Edmund add on to it. It is -- as we think about how the world is evolving and could we be in a more inflationary environment over time. Obviously, we have a large portion of our revenue -- of our total revenue that is pass-throughs. And so take that out, if we focus on fee revenue. The regulated part of that is about 25%. And as you know, those fees are fixed, but there's good underlying growth in those revenues with operating leverage. But about 75% are things that we renegotiate. They have CPI. And so I think there can be quarter-to-quarter even within year, impacts where you get the timing of that off. But overtime, we think that's something where these are solutions that are absolutely critical to our clients. They have high switching costs. And we have good long-term relations with our clients and where we end up being fair each other in terms of the value provided.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. Thank you for that. Itiviti, I think it looks like the revenue was up nicely quarter-over-quarter. And I believe during your prepared remarks, you mentioned something about the timing, but can you speak to the Itiviti revenue contribution in the quarter? And what was driving that strength?
Edmund Reese: Sure. Let me, make a few comments about that, Patrick, and then, I'll turn it over to Tim to see, if he wants to add anything. And let me just remind you, we had always said that Itiviti was a business that grew at mid-single-digit rates. As we brought it on, we'd be able to move that to high single-digit rates. And we thought that this year, it contributed seven to eight points to our overall recurring growth. And through the first three quarters is contributing nine9 points, so strong, strong performance there. That is primarily a subscription-like revenue model on SaaS on our hosted solutions here. There's a small component of it that's license revenue that the timing of that right license recognition change. We initially thought in a later time period that came into Q3. So that drove a small bump in the overall business. But I think the key thing is that we expect it to continue to perform this year in line with our expectations. And as we go forward, the overall contribution that we thought it would make to our three-year objectives still sits with what we thought at 2.5 to three points of growth.
Tim Gokey: And Patrick, I just want to add on, because I'd say we are really pleased with the overall progress we're making in Itiviti. The integration is on track. The revenue and profitability objectives relative to our business case and are planned for this year, we're on track to achieve or more than achieve. And when you come down to the modular architecture, our focus on clients our long-term road map is really resonating. And so, as we look at the short, medium and long-term goals that we had, our near-term goal was to continue to take share by doing what Itiviti was doing before the acquisition, but with our backing. And we're really seeing that in continued wins of Fidessa clients and nice market share gains there. We had a medium-term goal around better penetrating their client base with Broadridge products and vice versa. And we've begun to see the beginnings of that. We had a nice front office plus cap sale for a large bank in North America. And then long-term is that linking front-to-back. And that is more of a long-term, even 18-month roadmap for phase developments there, but we have some really nice engagement by some of our key North American clients on that topic. So I think it's -- we really like the way this is playing out. Ray DiLorenzo, the leader there is doing a really nice job is creating a really strong team. And if you were to sit down with our Capital Markets team today and talk about what we can bring to the table in capital markets for any global player, is an incredibly impressive team.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Tim, are you seeing -- obviously, you are seeing structural tailwinds in the business in -- specifically in the regulatory side. But are you seeing any cyclical pressure from the markets being down in Q1? And more broadly, if you can update us on how the business performs like in a macroeconomic weakness, if there is like a recession or macroeconomic factors continue to remain weak? How would individual businesses, ICS as well as GTO might perform in that environment?
Tim Gokey: Sure. And I'll make a couple of comments and let Edmund add on to it. As we have gone through periods of pockets of volatility over this first five months of the year. And we're doing measuring record growth almost weekly. We have seen continued record growth even when the market has been down. So in the near term, if you look over the past few months, we have not seen any correlation between market activity and record growth. So that's been a nice positive. I think, if you think about a bigger scenario, where there is some sort of real market wipe out, and we look back at past times when that has happened, say, 2008 or even going back to 1999. What happened in those instances was that, obviously, trading did what it did in the market levels do what it did, but position growth, basically remained positive, low, zero or maybe a little bit positive. But even 2008, 2009, overall position growth was moderately positive. So it definitely affects the growth, but we don't tend to see a big downturn. On the GTO side, our contracts there are much more much more fixed price than purely trading driven. So there's impact, but it is much more moderated than it would have been sometimes in the past. So I think we tend to be sort of a lagging indicator. And when markets go down, we tend to be not impacted as much, and then maybe it takes us a little bit longer to reaccelerate growth coming out of things. But right now, we're seeing really nice continued momentum.
Puneet Jain: Got you. That's helpful. And then can you also talk about like the UBS platform. I think they announced that, they expect like the full platform to convert in 2023. Can you – but I also understand it seems like you are implementing like the smaller modules until then. So can you talk about like the timing of revenue recognition related to UBS until the full conversion?
Tim Gokey: Yeah, absolutely. And as I said before, this transformation that we are pursuing of digital wealth management is one of the most exciting initiatives that we have. And it's really creating modern technology cognitive solutions and scaling those across our GTO business. It has been really exciting this past quarter as we've seen the workstation go live, and it's been in beta the last year, but go live with 15,000 advisers, client service associates, home office associates and others and the feedback on that has been great. And that's added to – we have a billing solution for managed accounts that enables UBS to – rather than billing sort of at the beginning of the quarter or end of the quarter, to bill based on the average through the quarter. It's something really basically that every wealth manager needs and they've seen a really nice pickup in economics as a result of it. So those are some nice components that are live. And I think as we talked about before, we have worked with UBS to break this into more discrete chunks that will go live over time. The biggest of those is in mid-2023 and we've tied our revenue recognition to that. So that's why we keep talking about that number. And then just, as long as I'm on this topic, sort of the natural evolution is sort of where you see this going in the future. And I think, as I've talked about before, our thinking has really evolved to -- we've made this much more modular and as we engage with clients, they're looking to get to value sooner. And so we think this is going to be much more package of modular sales over time with other clients. And I talked about the event that I was involved with, with a large wealth manager a few years ago -- excuse me, on a few weeks ago, and it felt like years a few weeks ago. And when you see all of the different modules, which are now fully integrated into the workstation, you see all that playing together, it's very, very powerful. And so I think it's going to lead to a lot of opportunity, which obviously we're seeing already in some of our wealth sales.
Puneet Jain: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Donat: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Tim, I just wanted to follow up on the comment you made that you just made about more modular sales. And also on Edmund's comment about closed sales with 90% of them being below $2 million. Are you seeing a shift away from the bigger ticket sales, or is this maybe like a temporary phenomenon because of an uncertain environment? It sounds like everything is great with the modular, but I'm just wondering is this more strategy driven on your part or customer-driven to more digestible bites from your clients?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Chris. I will -- it's a great question. I would say it is strategy driven in the sense of as one takes what used to be sort of a fully integrated all-in-one highly linked platform and evolve the technology and modernize it to be more API-driven, Microservices-driven and a series of components, it does enable the idea of modular sales a lot more. And so and there's a strategy, and you see that particularly in -- we talked about it in wealth, but you see it in capital markets, where our Global PostTrade management platform that we've talked about is, we're breaking that into components, and we're seeing nice component sales. We saw a nice component of sale to one of the largest international banks that -- where we haven't really penetrated them before, and we have a nice pipeline of those. So it's being enabled by how we're evolving our technology. I don't think that we have necessarily thought to ourselves, oh, we're going to go to banks now with just smaller things. But that's definitely the uptake that we're seeing in terms of where the demand is right now. We do have larger conversations in path. But as you know, those take a long time and are uncertain. So it'd be interesting to see how it evolves over the next couple of years. Frankly, I like lots of little ones better than the big ones, but they're all good.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks a lot, Tim. And then one for Edmund, just on the distribution revenue, which sounds like strong in the fiscal third quarter, should be strong in the fourth quarter. As we start thinking about fiscal 2023, I would imagine the trends for postal pricing and volume remain kind of also strong going into fiscal 2023. Is that a little bit of margin headwind as we go into 2023 or too soon to tell, or just something to keep an eye on?
Edmund Reese: I mean, we'll definitely come back in August with more specific guidance on fiscal 2023. I think we'll start to see us lapping a little bit the postage rate increases that we saw in this year here. But the other component of that is this shift from higher margin regulatory-driven distribution revenue to the customer communications. And we continue to have strong business there. We just showed 6% growth for the customer communications business, the sales continue to be strong in that business. So that is going to be ongoing margin headwind. But I think the key thing is that we continue to believe that we have a long runway of opportunity to drive efficiencies in our business and continue to drive 50 basis points of margin expansion, whether that's looking at our fixed infrastructure, the fact that even in that customer communications business, we move from print to digital, which is at a higher margin for us, and we continue to find in our technology stack efficiencies and saves as well. I think the key thing to keep in mind is that, that distribution revenue is fully pass-through. There's no earnings associated with it. So while it has an impact on our reported margin, there is no earnings associated with it, which makes us very confident that we can continue to drive the steady and consistent earnings growth in the range that we've set out for fiscal 2023 and be at the high end of that, in fact.
Tim Gokey: Yes. And Chris, as you know, whenever I sit down with investors, I would say, when you look at our company, pull out the distribution revenue and look at the fee revenue, and that's really the right way to analyze the company in terms of growth and margin and other things. We do have constraints in terms of how we're able to report, so we end up reporting that as revenue, but it's really sort of immaterial to our -- the true economics of the company.
Chris Donat: Got it. Understood, Tim. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for closing remarks.
Tim Gokey : Thank you, Kate. That wraps us up for today. Thank you on the call for your interest and your confidence in Broadridge. And just to summarize, the strong results that we reported today and increased guidance that we provided being driven by long-term trends and success in our most significant strategic initiatives, including strong year-to-date closed sales. We believe we're making a real difference and this tremendous opportunity ahead for our investors, our clients, our associates and, of course, our shareholders. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Broadridge second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you Andrea. Good morning and welcome to Broadridge’s second quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO, and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on today’s call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K.  We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thanks Edings. I’m excited to be here this morning to talk about our strong results, record sales, and our outlook for another really good year. I’ll start with highlights for the quarter. First, Broadridge reported another quarter of strong results. Recurring revenues rose 19%, adjusted operating income rose 19%, and after the interest cost of Itiviti, adjusted EPS rose 12%. More importantly, we are entering the seasonally larger second half of our year with strong momentum.  Second, our growth is diversified across multiple sources and is backed by strong underlying market trends. Our strong organic growth is being driven first and foremost by revenue from new sales across both ICF and GTO as we continue to convert our backlog into revenues. We’re also benefiting from the long term tailwind provided by healthy position growth in our governance business as well as the continued successful integration of Itiviti. Third, we continue to execute on our growth strategy across our governance, capital markets, and wealth and investment management franchises. Our strong closed sales underscore how our investments are paying off and how our value proposition continues to resonate in the market. Finally, after a strong start to the year, we expect to deliver at the high end of our 12% to 15% recurring revenue growth guidance. We’re also reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of 11% to 15%, positioning us for another year of steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth while funding additional investment. After a strong FY21 and with our guidance for FY22, we remain well positioned to deliver at the higher end of our three-year recurring revenue and adjusted EPS objectives.  Execution against our long term growth plan has been a key driver of our results over the first half of fiscal ’22, so let’s turn to Slide 4 for an update, starting with governance. Our governance business is performing really well. ICF recurring revenues rose 10% to $427 million in the quarter, the biggest driver being revenue from new sales across all four product lines. The franchise also continues to benefit from strong underlying position growth, including 20% equity stock record growth in a seasonally small quarter for proxies and another strong quarter of strong ETF and mutual fund position growth.  Position growth remains broad-based across both equities as well as funds in ETFs. For example, while equity position growth was strongest in energy and financials, every industry sector reported growth of more than 10% and we’re also seeing almost identical growth across both managed accounts and individually directed accounts. On the fund side, we saw position growth across both active and passive funds, with growth across equity, fixed income and alternative asset classes. These trends remained resilient in January despite the decline in equity markets. Our weekly testing has actually showed some modest strengthening in position growth since the beginning of the year. Overall, our data shows more Americans are investing in our capital markets across different types of accounts and an increasingly diverse range of asset classes and securities. Moreover, they’re staying invested in the face of market turbulence. For Broadridge, this is an opportunity to continuously raise the bar to serve more accounts and drive enhanced digital capabilities to ensure that investors, both new and existing, get the critical communications they need to make better investing decisions and to participate in the governance of those investments. We are also investing to further enhance the proxy voting system by implementing end-to-end vote confirmation for thousands of public companies. Over the past year, we have worked closely with an industry group led by the Society for Corporate Governance, the Council of Institutional Investors, and others to enhance the vote reconciliation process. This spring, we’ll be rolling out these enhancements to reassure investors that every vote is counted as cast for all Fortune 500 companies as well as all of the more than 2,500 public companies for whom Broadridge tabulates proxy votes. This is an investment that will further improve an already highly accurate process and it’s a great example of how we work at the center of the governance network in partnership with issuers and funds to strengthen the system as a whole. Before I turn to capital markets, I’m pleased to report that our customer communications business saw 9% growth in recurring revenues in the quarter. This business has been a strong contributor to earnings growth in recent years and it’s positive to see it adding to our top line as well. Interestingly, we’re seeing strong demand for print solutions with several new clients coming onboard. These new wins give us more opportunities to up-sell digital solutions. Moving to capital markets, recurring revenues rose 41% to $224 million, driven primarily by the addition of Itiviti. When we announced the Itiviti acquisition last spring, we highlighted both near and medium term benefits. Ten months later, I’m pleased to note that we’re delivering on those benefits. In the near term, the team delivered strong second quarter sales, including several integrated solutions where our Itiviti products are helping to drive sales of our broader Broadridge solution. This gives us incremental confidence in our market share thesis at the front office and in our ability to leverage Itiviti’s capabilities and geographic reach to contribute to our overall growth. Just as importantly, after extensive positive client discussions, we have started to move forward on a fully modular suite of solutions covering the entire trade life cycle by signing our first client for middle office solutions. Over the next 18 months, we will be rolling out a series of phased integrations to bring together our front, middle and back office solutions by sharing regulatory reporting data and normalizing other data sources across the trade life cycle. It’s exciting to be in the execution phase and on the road to making our front-to-back vision a reality.  In wealth and investment management, revenues rose 15% to $146 million. We remain on track to deliver the Broadridge wealth platform to UBS. Over the coming weeks, we expect to reach an important milestone with the rollout of our front office advisor work station to more than 17,000 advisors and others across UBS. The work station combines Broadridge, UBS and third party applications that enable an advisor to manage their practice, give advice, and initiate transactions under a single sign-on with an intuitive UI with shared context and enhanced look and feel. A beta version of the work station was rolled out earlier this year and the response has been overwhelmingly positive. More than 95% of advisors offered the work station have adopted it, even when the current work station is still available to them. When you consider how resistant to change most of us are, you appreciate what a great endorsement that is. Last, Broadridge delivered strong closed sales across all three franchises. Second quarter closed sales were $83 million and the first half was $113 million, up 48% from last year. With both ICF and GTO contributing, it’s certainly a strong sign that the Broadridge value proposition is resonating in the market. More importantly, it’s a strong start toward what we expect to be another year of record closed sales, setting the stage for continued growth. I’ll sum up my business review with saying that Broadridge is performing well across all three of our franchises with strong execution driving strong financial results.  Let’s turn to Slide 5 to wrap up.  First and foremost, Broadridge is performing well with growth being propelled by sales and long term growth drivers. We’re executing on our strategy, extending our governance capabilities to enable ever more accurate voting, growing our capital markets business with a blueprint to create front-to-back capabilities across the trade life cycle, and rolling out a major component of our wealth platform. The biggest driver of organic growth over the past several quarters, even in a period of strong position growth, has continued to be new sales. Those sales and a consistently high 98% revenue retention rate are the direct result of the investments we have made over the past years in strengthening our existing solutions, adding new capabilities through targeted M&A and organic investments, as well as strengthening our technology. It should come as no surprise that we’re going to take advantage of our strong performance to increase our investment this fiscal year as we balance our commitment to delivering low teens adjusted EPS growth with attractive investment for the future.  In all, fiscal ’22 is shaping up to be another Broadridge kind of year. We’re delivering strong top line results powered by new sales, continued position growth, and strategic M&A. We’re doing the hard work to execute on our multi-year growth plan to extend governance, grow capital markets, and build wealth investment management. We’re using stronger event-drive revenues and the higher recurring revenue growth to fund additional investment, all while delivering strong 11% to 15% adjusted EPS growth. As we look around us at a market that’s growing increasingly concerned about inflationary pressures, Fed moves and geopolitical risk, we believe that clear formula coupled with our long term focus, both of which have served us so well for many years, will continue to resonate with our clients, associates and shareholders.  Let me sum up with this message. Midway through fiscal ’22, Broadridge’s business is strong. We’re on track to deliver another year of strong recurring revenue growth and 11% to 15% adjusted EPS growth. We remain well positioned to deliver at the higher end of our three-year growth objectives and we’re well positioned for long term sustainable growth. Before I hand the call over to Edmund, I want to thank our associates for their continued engagement and their focus on our clients. Our purpose is strong and we are making a difference. We’re proud of the 8% improvement in our associate engagement score last year. In January, we received the result of our most recent survey, and I’m very pleased to say that engagement is just as high this year, which was not the case across many companies. To those associates who are listening to this call, thank you for staying focused on our clients and our company. That focus is playing an important role in the strong growth numbers we reported today. Despite the challenges of the pandemic, you have kept financial markets working, are driving Broadridge forward, and are making a difference in the financial lives of millions.  Now let me turn the call over to Edmund for a review of our financials. Edmund?
Edmund Reese: Thank you Tim, and good morning everyone. I’m pleased to be here discussing another quarter of strong performance.  As you’ve just heard, Broadridge’s performance remains resilient and our long term growth drivers are quite stable. Organic growth from new sales, strong underlying volume trends and the progress integrating Itiviti helped us deliver very strong top line growth and adjusted EPS growth in line with both our guidance and three-year objectives. Turning to Slide 7, you can see that strong performance. In Q2, Broadridge’s recurring revenues grew 19% to $798 million. Adjusted operating income increased 19% to $141 million and AOI margins were flat at 11.2%, with a drag from low to no margin distribution revenue. Adjusted EPS increased 12% to $0.82. I’ll note that we will continue to see operating income growth partially offset by higher interest expense related to the acquisition of Itiviti until we grow over the incremental interest expense in Q1 2023. Let’s get into the details of those results, starting with recurring revenues on Slide 8. Recurring revenues grew by $673 million in Q2 2021 to $798 million in Q2 2022, an increase of 19%, well above our fiscal ’22 guidance range. Organic growth accounted for nine points of the 19% increase, driven by the conversion of our healthy revenue backlog and volume growth. Itiviti revenues, which were in line with our expectations, drove most of the remaining nine points of growth. Now let’s turn to Slide 9 to look at growth across our ICS and GTO businesses. Both of our business segments had healthy organic revenue growth. Part of that growth was driven by the secular tailwinds in stock and fund position growth, but as I noted, the biggest driver across both was the contribution from new sales. It is clear that the investments that we’ve been making in our technology platforms have reinforced our value propositions, boosted our sales, and are contributing significantly to this growth.  ICS recurring revenues grew by 10%, all organic, to $427 million, powered by both new sales and continued strong volumes. Regulatory revenues had the largest contribution to ICS recurring revenue, rising 15% to $166 million driven by strong growth in mutual fund and ETF communications and the continued equity position growth in our U.S. proxy business.  Data driven fund solutions revenue grew 3% to $89 million as assets under administration in our mutual fund trade processing unit grew from both new client on-boardings and growth with existing clients. Our issuer business delivered $24 million in revenue, up 14% as we continue to see growth in our disclosure products. Finally, customer communications revenue rose 9% to $148 million. While we’ve been expecting modest top line growth in this business, our unusually high growth in Q2 was driven by new client wins in our print business, which we can use as an entry point to pursue higher margin digital business.  Turning to GTO, recurring revenues grew by 30% to $371 million. Organic growth reached 8%. Wealth and investment management revenues increased by 15% to $146 million. This growth was primarily organic, driven by an uptick in license revenue from a large client renewal, continued momentum from on-boarding of new component sales, as well as higher retail trading. Capital market revenues grew to $224 million, an increase of 41% with Itiviti continuing to be the largest contributor. Organic recurring revenues increased 3% as revenue from new sales were offset by lower equity trading volumes. We continue to expect both our capital markets business and wealth franchise to deliver fiscal 2022 growth in line with our three-year objective of 5% to 7% organic growth.  Let’s turn to Slide 10 for a closer look at the volume trends. Broadridge continues to benefit from the long term trends that have made investing more accessible. The biggest driver of our internal growth was mutual fund and ETF volumes, which grew 12%, reflecting steady funding flows over the past several quarters. We expect low double digit growth to continue for the second half of the year. Our 20% equity position growth in Q2 was in line with the projection that we provided on our last earnings call. As we approach the spring proxy season, which typically generates over 80% of our equity communications, our latest record position testing shows continued strength with low double-digit growth in the second half of the year. For the full year, we expect to be ahead of our historical averages, delivering low to mid teens growth. As you can see by our results, investor participation in financial markets has continued to increase and our digital platform investments and our proxy business have positioned us to support this growth. We remain encouraged by the long term tailwind and its positive impact on our business.  Turning to the bottom of the slide, trading volumes increased 1% as higher fixed income volumes offset the impact of lower equity volumes. Given elevated equity volumes in Q3 2021, we continue to expect lower volumes in the third quarter and full year trading volume growth to be essentially flat for the year. Turning now to Slide 11, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth, recurring revenues rose 19% propelled by 9% organic growth and a nine-point contribution from Itiviti. Revenue from closed sales was the biggest driver of our organic growth with strong contribution in both ICS and GTO. Internal growth contributed four points to recurring revenue, driven by higher fund and ETF communications in ICS and a significant renewal that drove increased license revenue in GTO. Itiviti was the biggest driver of our acquisition growth, contributing $61 million, while our tuck-in acquisitions made in Q4 2021 and Q1 2022 are also performing in line with expectations. I’ll finish the discussion on revenue with a view of total revenue on Slide 12. Total revenue growth was a healthy 19% in Q2. Recurring revenues was the largest contributor, driving 12 points of growth with elevated distribution revenue driving five points of growth and continued year-over-year contribution from event-driven revenues, which added two points of growth. Low to no margin distribution revenues continued to grow at a double-digit pace and reached 17% year-over-year, which is significantly higher than we expected at the beginning of the year. The growth came from higher customer communications mailings as well as significant increases from higher postage rates. We expect continued high levels of distribution revenue for the full year, and I’ll reiterate that this revenue suppresses our reported margin. Over the long term, we expect that the share of distribution revenue as a percentage of total revenue will decline. Finally, we reported another quarter of strong event-driven revenue on the back of healthy mutual fund proxy activity. We expect event-driven revenue to remain healthy in the second half of the year and believe that our $55 million seven-year quarterly average is the best modeling assumption for Q3 and Q4. Now onto margins on Slide 13. Adjusted operating income margin in Q2 was flat at 11.2% as our strong growth in recurring and event-drive revenue was offset by increases in low margin distribution revenue and growth investments. No margin distribution volumes and pass-through revenue from postage rate increases are higher than what we expected at the beginning of the year. This incremental distribution revenue will negatively impact our adjusted operating income margin by an additional 40 to 50 basis points on the full year versus our original guidance. Like many other companies, we’re seeing a modest impact from higher labor inflation as we seek to add and retain talent, but we remain confident that we can find the efficiencies to offset these costs. Separately, we are also modestly increasing our investments. As in the past, we are taking advantage of stronger than expected position growth and above-trend event-driven revenues as we remain committed to ongoing investments that support our growth. In our ICS business, we have investments to build next-gen capabilities in our digital platforms for fund communications, SRD2, and an upgraded VSM platform, all of which we expect to have a near term impact on our results.  In GTO, we continue to invest in our global post trade management system, our DLT-enabled platforms, including our repo and private market hub solutions, and of course executing the front-to-back Itiviti product road map that Tim highlighted earlier. Given the higher distribution revenue and our continued commitment to investment, we are lowering our fiscal year adjusted operating income margin guidance by 50 basis points from approximately 19% to approximately 18.5%. Broadridge has a long track record of steady margin expansion and continuous accretive investment using our high revenue growth and efficiency gains to create capacity, while delivering steady and consistent earnings growth. We expect this to continue in fiscal year 2022. Let’s move to closed sales on Slide 14. We reported second quarter closed sales of $83 million, which brings our year-to-date total to $113 million and keeps us very much on track to achieve another year of record closed sales, in line with our guidance range of $240 million to $280 million. We were encouraged to see strong closed sales across both ICS and GTO, with ICS registering just over half of closed sales for the quarter. As Tim noted, Itiviti was a strong contributor to GTO sales in Q2, which I see as early validation of our investment case. Finally, let’s turn to cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 15. I’ll start with a reminder that Broadridge’s free cash flow generation typically begins the year negative and strengthens as the year goes on. We generated $28 million of free cash flow in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to negative $124 million. We continue to invest heavily in our next-gen platforms, especially our wealth management platform. For the first six months of fiscal year 2022, we’ve invested $29 million in capex and software and $236 million in our platforms. We are at peak investment levels for our wealth platform and that spending will decline as we move to future phases. As Tim said, we remain on track to deliver the wealth management platform and I expect that we’ll begin to recognize revenue in mid calendar year 2023.  Looking ahead, we remain committed to evaluating potential tuck-in M&A opportunities that meet our strategic profile. We will also continue returning capital to shareholders, primarily through our dividends as we remain focused on paying down debt and maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. I’ll close my prepared remarks with a quick review of our guidance and some final thoughts on our second quarter results.  Starting with recurring revenue, we now expect recurring revenue growth for fiscal 2022 to be at the high end of our 12% to 15% guidance range. As I noted earlier, we are reducing our adjusted operating income margin guidance from approximately 19% to approximately 18.5%, reflecting the impact of higher distribution revenues and continued growth investments. Third, we are reaffirming our expectations for strong adjusted EPS growth in a range of 11% to 15%. Finally, after our strong start to the year, we continue to expect closed sales in the range of $240 million to $280 million. I would also add that we expect third quarter EPS to be flat to marginally lower, driven by tough comparisons to elevated equity volumes and high event-driven revenue, as well as the timing of investments. We expect strong earnings growth in the fourth quarter. With that, let me reiterate today’s key messages. Broadridge’s financial model is strong and resilient. We continue to deliver strong operating results, which drove another quarter of high top line growth and double-digit earnings growth. Looking ahead, we expect continued strong recurring revenue growth, enabling us to continue to balance growth investments with delivering steady and consistent earnings for our shareholders.  With that, let’s take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you very much, and good morning. Could you walk through some of the headwinds and tailwinds in a little more depth to margins in the second half of FY22, in particular if you could maybe talk through your investment spending plans and the impact of inflation, that would be appreciated.
Tim Gokey: David, hi, it’s Tim. Good morning. I just want to say on this, and I’ll turn it to Edmund to add, but we feel really good about where we are here for the year and for the second half, and there are really three things going on, of which I really think that one matters. The first is distribution. This is really almost literally a technical adjustment that Edmund will take you through, but we believe the impact for the full year will be between 40 and 50 basis points, and really when you look at the adjustment we’re making to our guidance, it’s all about distribution. We’re just taking out the distribution piece of that. The second part is inflation and labor. There’s a little bit of an impact here, but it’s not really material for us in 2022 and is something that is well within our normal contingencies, so it’s not really a factor for us.  The third part is investment, and with better revenue, more event-driven revenue, we might have expected margin to increase modestly, and that’s the delta that we’re reinvesting. We really like these investments. They are giving us the opportunity to accelerate our road map. As Edmund said, we’re enhancing our digital capabilities, strengthening DSM, expanding SRD, driving the front-to-back. We think our Q2 results demonstrate that those investments are having an impact and helping sustained revenue growth, and David, as you know more than anyone, that investment is a critical part of our long term growth strategy, and we have a commitment to balancing those investments while delivering consistent growth, margin expansion, and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth over the long run. Those are sort of the pluses and minuses I see. I’m going to ask Edmund to add on anything to that.
Edmund Reese: Thanks Tim. David, good morning. I want to double click on each of those three topics, if you don’t mind. David, as a reminder, our guidance for fiscal 2022 was made with the expectations of normal distribution revenue growth - we thought that we would drive 100 basis points of margin expansion above our three-year objectives of 50 basis points in margin expansion, and now that we see these elevated levels of distribution revenues, double digit in the second quarter, and I think we can expect similar type of growth for the balance of the year, that distribution revenue, particularly when it’s concentrated in our customer communications business, comes with no margin, and we have been alluding to the postal rate increases throughout the past few quarters - that’s starting to come through, and that’s direct pass-through revenue with no margin on it, either.  The impact of those two items, the distribution revenue in the customer communications business, the postal rate impact has the impact that Tim just mentioned, 40 to 50 basis points, and that’s what’s reflected in our move from approximately 19% to 18.5%. That’s the key thing. Other than that, we continue to expect approximately 18.5% if you think about 18.1% last year, continued margin expansion in our business while we’re continuing to invest, so I feel very good about that. Let me just double click on this point that Tim made about inflation. The short answer to that is, as Tim said, that we don’t expect a big impact, but double clicking on it a little bit, we have on the revenue side, our contracts have clauses in them that increase price in line with the metrics that you’d expect when you look at inflation, like CPI and PPI. Normally when inflation comes, that means that there’s an uptick in interest expense, and for us, particularly as we go into 2023 and pay down debt and continue to see growth in our matrix business, that’s a positive for us. All of our other costs - the distribution costs, the post that I just mentioned, is pass-through cost, so the key open item for us is the labor cost, and like many other companies, we are seeing an uptick there as we look to add and retain talent, as I talked about. But we feel good that the efficiencies that we get through scale in our business and our continued move to higher margin digital business, that the savings that I am seeing in our technology business will allow us to offset the labor-related inflation costs, still deliver margin expansion, and be able to deliver the double-digit earnings growth that we have been talking about. Finally, I know I’m quite thorough in this answer, but finally, I definitely do want to hit on the investment component of it. This is key. This relationship between revenue growth, between investments and earnings is a key part of our financial model and our strategy for growth. The Q2 results that we just talked about demonstrate that the incremental investments that we’ve been making over the past few quarters is paying dividends. Both balance sheet investments and P&L investments are helping to drive that recurring revenue growth, and I think that level of revenue builds a steady--a base, a foundation for consistent and steady adjusted earnings growth. It might create some margin pressure, but the margin expansion that we’re able to get through the efficiencies in our business makes us feel confident that this is the right approach, delivering on our short term commitments for investors but also continuing to drive medium and long term growth.  You’re going to see us continue to be committed to investing to support this future growth, delivering margin expansion and delivering the steady and consistent EPS. I just wanted to double click into each of Tim’s items there.
David Togut: Thanks, and just as a quick follow-up, could you walk through the new business pipeline? The first half, clearly very strong with bookings up 48% year-to-date, but you still have 60% of your closed sales target to do in the back half of FY22.
Tim Gokey: David, it is Tim. Thank you for you that. We’re staying right where we are for the full year. We have a robust pipeline, lots of good client discussions. As always, the timing of those is uncertainty, and particularly with the larger deals, that could affect how the year falls, but we’re not seeing anything that would really take us out of the range that we originally did. We have succeeded in closing things earlier this year than we often do, and--but we’re staying right with the range that we had. 
David Togut: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my call. A couple items on the governance front.  Can you talk about on the end-to-end vote confirm side, you’re rolling that out to 2,500 issuers in the States. Can you talk about if there’s a change of economics to Broadridge there, and then a related question for the U.S. proxy business is the universal proxy card and how you see that potentially acting as a headwind, tailwind when that goes into effect.
Tim Gokey: Yes Peter, hi, it’s Tim. Great to hear from you. Great questions on both of those.  When we look at end-to-end confirmation, this addresses a question that people have had over the years about are all the votes really getting through. Obviously we audit those and have 99.9% on that already, but it just really addresses those, and there are a few cases where the chain of nominations falls down, and this allow us to clean those out. We are doing it in concert with an industry group for all Fortune 500 companies, even where we’re not the tabulator, and then when we are the tabulator, we’re able to control the whole end-to-end of the process and we’re doing that for all the companies where we’re the tabulator. From an economics standpoint, it’s really not material. There’s no additional charge to our clients for it, it’s part of the value that we provide to the industry. There is a little bit of cost on our side, and that’s just part of what we do with the key role that we play in the industry, but it’s something that we’re excited about and I think it continues to strengthen what is already a very strong system. In terms of universal proxy, that is going into effect this summer, and again I don’t think you’re going to see material economics really appear in our P&L on that. We are doing the investments to make that available even as we speak - they are basically done, and we think it’s again something that is a long term strengthening of the industry. There are some people that say that this will give more access to activists and could lead to more proposals and contests and things over time. I think it’s way too early to know about that, but that would be the only potential impact if it somehow contributed to extra activism, but I think it’s pretty early to say that.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. Then just one follow-up on regulatory. You’ve got a couple announcements on international development, and I know Broadridge has been a pretty large and active player in the U.S. and Canada, and I know you’ve had some toeholds or footholds in a couple other countries. How do you think about the international opportunity for governance?
Tim Gokey: Yes, it is a really interesting topic because historically, the institutional arrangements were different in North America in sort of creating the opportunity for the role that we play, and there hasn’t been a similar role in other countries and there hasn’t been really strong shareholder rights in other countries. As part of this trend of democratization, you’re really seeing stronger shareholder rights taking place other places. There were some rule changes just a couple years back in Japan that have really increased the importance of proxy voting there, and in our joint venture we’ve gone from several hundred companies to--I know we broke 1000, we might be near 1,500 now, companies that we’re doing that for with the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Really, the biggest move in terms of building a more material business has happened over the past couple of years as the European Union has put forward the shareholder rights directive - shareholder rights directive 2, which tells brokers and custodians that they need to make available to end investors the ability to get the information and vote their shares. As you probably know in Europe historically, it’s been very hard to vote - you had to go and appear at the meeting in person, and there was no obligation to distribute the material, so voting was very restrictive. With that real move towards greater democratization, all those companies across Europe were looking for a solution for how to do that, and we were able to bring our comprehensive suite with all of the different digital channels that we offer - the app, this and that, and bring all of that and win over 300 clients which have been implemented, and now we’re just in the second phase of that. We are excited about the ability to build a more robust governance business in Europe. It’s not going to be the magnitude of what we have in North America, but it’s certainly a great opportunity.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. The customer communications business, you talked about having shown acceleration with that expected to continue, which has obviously been an area that’s been a headwind for some time for you guys. Can you touch on the dynamics there? I think you mentioned more printing even than electronic, but what exactly is happening and why is it sustainable? It’s great to see, obviously. I know it’s also having an impact on distribution and margins, but nonetheless, I guess a headwind turning into a tailwind is a nice thing, so any color on that?
Tim Gokey: Yes Darrin, thanks. Just taking back, as you know but just to refresh everyone, we always had three objectives for this, which was to get near term synergies, which we have grown the earnings in this business really nicely over the past five years, so that’s been a really nice contributor to the bottom line. The second piece was to be the point of consolidation for print. As people begin to move digital, they lose scale in their print operations, and the in-house print, which is almost 50% of the market, really becomes less and less economic. That is really what we’ve begun to see, is more and more in-house print operations throwing in the towel and saying they can’t be efficient anymore, and looking for a third party solution. We’ve really been able to take advantage of that, and then that leads to the third part, which is the digital piece. We’ve been showing strong double-digit growth in digital over the past few years, and growing the print side actually gives us a bigger pool to fish from in terms of creating that digital growth for the future.
Darrin Peller: Right. 
Edmund Reese: I’ll just add that digital growth is obviously at higher margins, Darrin, as we bring that business on, so that’s what we continue to focus on.
Darrin Peller: Yes, that’s great to see, and it sounds sustainable. One other follow-up would be the mix between--in closed sales, between your, let’s just call it the higher level segments for moment, whether it’s GTO or ICS first, and what trends you’re seeing between the two areas where the biggest driver of closed sales is now and is expected to be, and then just further into that, how much of that is going into wealth? It sounded like you’ve had some good progress with UBS take hold, and so I’m curious if we can break that down a little bit, that’d be great. Thanks again guys.
Tim Gokey: Sure. First of all, Darrin, I’d say we’ve had really good sales in our ICS business the past few quarters, and really over the past year, so it’s been--while I think historically some of our sales have been more focused on GTO and the large deals there, we’ve just had really strong performance on the ICS side. As we look forward, I think we see it pretty balanced. Itiviti has been a really nice contributor and will continue to be, so that’s helping the capital markets side of GTO for Itiviti itself, and then also how that’s connecting other capital markets products on the front-to-back there. On the wealth side, we had a really nice sales-slash-renewal this past quarter helping drive some of the results you saw, so we’ve had very nice continued organic growth on the wealth side. We’re not yet seeing sort of the additional large platform sales, and those are long sales and we’ll tell you when they’re coming, but that’s going to continue to be a developing story, but we like where we are on the wealth side.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Can you review the potential impact of an interest rate increase on your financials? I know you talked about it could be positive to your metrics business. Can you talk about what it means for interest expense and interest rates overall?
Edmund Reese: Yes, absolutely Puneet, I’ll take this.  If you think about the liability side of our balance sheet, we have, as you can see clearly, $4.2 billion in debt - $2.3 billion of that is at fixed rates, so not sensitive to near term interest rates. The remaining $1.9 billion is our revolver in the three-year term loan that we took out at very good rates for the Itiviti deal, but that’s prepayable and will decline over time, given our intention to de-lever and maintain our investment-grade credit rating.  On the asset side, off-balance sheet we have about $1.8 billion in assets in our matrix business that are interest-bearing assets, obviously at low rates. That has not been generating revenue for us, but as rates increase, it’s roughly the same size as the liability variable component. Right now, I would say in fiscal 2022, we estimate 100 basis point impact on rates to be negligible to us in fiscal 2022, but as we pay down that debt and have the matrix business continue to grow, I think as we go into fiscal 2023, you can see a neutral to positive impact for us from interest rates.
Puneet Jain: Got you. Then on the renewed guidance increase for [indiscernible] revenue at the high end, which segment is driving that increase more? I know both are firing on all cylinders, but where is that increase coming from, ICS versus GTO?
Edmund Reese: I’ll maybe start and Tim, you should jump in on this. I’ll maybe start here on the GTO side of the ledger. Clearly we’ve said that the acquisition of Itiviti was going to drive seven to eight points for us throughout the first two quarters - you’ve seen eight points of growth and nine points of growth that it has driven for us, so that’s on the higher end. I expect that to come back more in line with what our expectations have been. For the core organic capital markets in wealth management business, as I said during my prepared remarks, I expect that both of those franchises in the year in our normal 5% to 7% growth range, and so where there’s opportunity, where there’s variability and the thing that’s been driving us up, has been in the ICS business, which has been having extremely strong growth, and that growth obviously has a bit of a tailwind from the volumes we started the year thinking that we would have single digit SRG growth and now we’re saying low to mid teens SRG growth, so that’s having an impact and one of the key items that’s driving us up. But we continue to have this contribution, particularly from the net new business and new sales that we’ve been generating in that business as well, so I would say that the majority of the growth you see coming from that ICS business.
Puneet Jain: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O’Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. Tim, do you have any insight into why the SEC is revisiting its decision to keep the New York Stock Exchange in charge of regulated communication pricing, and how do you see things playing out on this front?
Tim Gokey: Sure Patrick, thank you for the question. Just for the full audience, what’s going on is that last summer, the New York Stock Exchange asked to have the process of overseeing us move to FINRA, who oversees brokers. The SEC rejected that because FINRA doesn’t really have any connectivity to public company issuers who pay a lot of the bill. The New York Stock Exchange is appealing that ruling - it’s out for comment right now.  We have previously commented that we are agnostic as to who has oversight for this, so that’s really it. It’s not clear to us which direction this will go. Really, the longer answer is does this increase the chance of a fee review in some way, and really Patrick, we don’t have, first of all, any news about which direction this is going to go, and we don’t have any news about a review.  I will say that if one does happen, we are confident that with all the stakeholders at the table and with real data, that the industry will get to a sound position because we provide real value to the industry, which has only gotten stronger, and we provide that value with a highly functional 24/7 SaaS platform, and people talk about the cost of sending a communication but the platform includes compliance, process management, of course digital communications, reporting, record retention, data security, audit, and consolidated billing across thousands of participants. We’ve worked with the industry to drive out annual cost many times our fees through digitization and other initiatives, and the value of that platform in terms of the efficiency, the participation and compliance it brings is demonstrated by the fact that over half of U.S. publicly listed companies choose to engage us for communications with their directly held investor counts, when they could use anyone.  So really strong value, which has just gotten stronger. I know I’m going on here, but I feel passionate about this. Our fees haven’t increased for 25 years, and during that time through digitization and other initiatives, the total cost for the communication to the industry has fallen dramatically, over 40% in the past 10 years, even more with 30e-3. If there were a review, it’s typically a long process. The last one started in 2010 and went into effect in 2014, and it’s complex because there are many competing stakeholders. There are public companies, funds, broker-dealers, and within those the large and the small have different interests, so it’s pretty complex, which is why it takes a long time.  Then finally, the most important point is that in the meantime, we’re working with the fund industry and others on innovation and to make the system better and more cost effective for all stakeholders. We implemented 30e-3, we’re rolling out end-to-end vote confirmation, universal proxy, pass-through voting support, ESG, and true digital experiences to drive engagement, and we’re working on future initiatives that we think can again reduce the total industry cost by many multiples of our fees, so we feel good about wherever this ends up, that it will be in a good place.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Understood, I appreciate that. Then switching gears to the GTO segment, you mentioned a large client renewal in wealth and investment management. As we look at the revenue number this quarter, $146.4 million, is a good chunk of that going to be one-time in nature because of that renewal?
Tim Gokey: Yes, I think when you look at the size of the growth, the 14% growth, that’s really because of that is--the nature of that solution is about half the revenue is recognized upfront and then the other half is recognized over time, and so it creates just a little bit of lumpiness in the quarter.
Edmund Reese: Over the long term, though, this license revenue in that business is a small component of the overall revenue, and we have a number of sales throughout, so quarter to quarter you might see some fluctuations but I think the revenue stream itself is on the smaller end relative to the whole business, and on an annual basis quite stable. 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: All right, terrific. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Donat: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.  Tim, I appreciate your answer on the question around the proxy piece. I just wanted your sense, because like you said, there are competing stakeholders here, is there any sense that there’s been a change in where any of the stakeholders stand or any shifting in that dynamic? I view is as something of there’s a balance between a bunch of interests, and I think if you’re a regulator, I would guess that your inclination is, first, do no harm in some ways, so just want to understand if you think there’s been any shift in stakeholder interest or if we’re pretty steady state when you take a long term view of the dynamics here.
Tim Gokey: You know, I’m not sure that I see any shift. I think all the stakeholders want the system to be sound, to work, to create great client experiences, and they all want it to cost as little as possible. That’s what everyone wants, whether it’s the public companies or the fund industry, and the fund industry of course is facing a lot of pressures on its own, so for some time they’ve been advocating for lower fees. I think we feel like we’re in good dialog with all the different parts of the industry and really making the case that, if we work together, we can reduce the total cost, and that when you look at the total cost, are fees are a relatively small proportion of the total cost and that the best way to reduce cost to the industry is to work together on further digitization and on attacking some of the very high cost around competition of all these documents and automate that more. We think there are good opportunities to reduce total cost and we look forward to working with the industry to make that happen.
Chris Donat: Got it, thanks very much, Tim. Then for Edmund, I apologize if I missed this, in the release it mentioned higher total discrete tax items for the quarter. Just any color on what was going on in the tax rate?
Edmund Reese: Yes, the key headline, Chris, I’d want you to take away is that on the full year, we continue to have a stable effective tax rate equal to or slightly better than last year, and still at the guidance that I gave at the beginning, roughly about 21% is what you can expect. Quarter to quarter, you’ll see some fluctuations primarily driven by two items if they’re discrete benefits or one-time items, which was what we had in the second quarter, and the continued benefit that we--the tax benefit that we have from equity compensation, so quarter over quarter there is a benefit driven by those two items. I think the key point is on the full year, still at that 21% level.
Chris Donat: Okay, that makes sense to me. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Great, thank you everyone for joining today. Thank you for your interest in Broadridge, for being an investor. As I hope you heard, we are really excited about how our business is doing, we’re excited about the performance we just had in this quarter and about the next half of the year, and about the outlook going forward and making a difference in our industry. We look forward to updating you again in another three months, and thank you again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-11-03 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Broadridge First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.  
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
W. Thibault: Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com.  
 Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese.  
 Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K.  
 We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the presentation.  
 Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim? 
Timothy Gokey: Thanks, Edings. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin with an overview of our key messages and some highlights from our strong first quarter. Next, I'll provide an update on execution against our growth strategy across our 3 franchises. Finally, I'll close with some thoughts on how Broadridge is continuing to drive long-term sustainable growth.  
 Let's get started. Our first quarter results marked a strong start to the fiscal year. Recurring revenues rose 16% and adjusted EPS rose 9%.  
 Second, our top line growth continues to be propelled by a combination of our own actions and strong underlying market trends. The biggest driver of our 7% organic growth across all 3 of our businesses was the onboarding of closed sales as we continue to convert our $385 million backlog into recurring revenue. We also benefited from the continued tailwind of very healthy position growth in governance, driven by ongoing trends.  
 Third, we continue to execute on our long-term growth plans across our governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management franchises. I'll provide an update on our execution steps in a few moments.  
 Finally, our strong start to the year puts us in a very good position to reaffirm our full year guidance, including 12% to 15% recurring revenue growth and 11% to 15% adjusted EPS growth. It also keeps us on track to deliver at the higher end of our 3-year growth objectives.  
 Beyond those 3-year objectives, we are focused on delivering sustainable long-term growth driven by ongoing industry trends and investments across our governance, capital markets and wealth franchises and in turn, generating consistent top quartile shareholder returns. 
 Generating those returns requires consistent execution. So let's turn to Slide 5 for an update on our growth strategy, starting with governance.  
 Our governance business had a very strong first quarter. ICS recurring revenues rose 11% to $410 million. As I noted earlier, the biggest driver of that growth was revenue from closed sales. The other key driver continued to be position growth, which reached 39% for equity proxies in a small quarter, and 9% for funds and ETFs. In equities, the growth continues to be broad-based across all market caps in multiple industries. In funds, much of the growth is being propelled by ETFs.  
 Over the past decade, the number of both equity and funded ETF shareholders has risen at a high single-digit rate, propelled by the ongoing democratization of investing.  
 We're also extending our governance franchise to enable voting choice. Many of you saw the announcement from BlackRock a few weeks ago that they will implement pass-through voting for their institutional investors. Climate change and ESG more broadly are becoming increasingly important to investors, and they're demanding to have greater transparency and voice in the actions that companies they own are taking to address these issues. 
 Broadridge is playing a key role in helping BlackRock implement this important change. We have been working with them over an extended period to leverage our infrastructure to enable pass-through voting. It's a great example of how our expertise in managing preferences and voting and our 24/7 SaaS platform is helping our fund industry clients.  
 Given the increasing importance of ESG, we're hearing from others in the industry, seeking to offer a similar service to their clients over time.  
 Moving to capital markets. We continue to make progress in growing our franchise with revenues rising 34% to $209 million driven primarily by the integration of Itiviti, which is going well. Our newly combined capital markets team has hit the ground running in finding complementary product opportunities that leverage our pre and post rate expertise and client reach. For example, we recently announced the integration of Itiviti's NYFIX solution with Broadridge's buy-side portfolio order and investment management system. This will enable Broadridge's clients to achieve greater automation in their post-trade workflows and is a tangible step toward integrating our solutions across the trade life cycle.  
 Outside of Itiviti, we brought live another large U.S. bank with a global business to our GPTM capital markets technology platform. The first phase of this onboarding, covering global fixed income, is a result of over 2 years of platform investment. We expect to roll out additional phases, including the expansion of equities over the coming quarters.  
 In wealth and investment management, revenues rose 6% to $131 million. We continue to make steady progress in developing our Broadridge wealth management platform, while also delivering component solutions. For example, we were recently selected by a leading Canadian pension plan to leverage our investment management private debt and loan solutions to help them manage their alternative asset portfolio.  
 I want to wrap up by giving you my perspective on what our continued execution means for Broadridge and our investors. So let's turn to Slide 6. 
 Our strong first quarter results reflect the underlying growth trends powering our business and the execution of the clear growth plan we laid out at our Investor Day 11 months ago. We're extending our governance capabilities to cover more investors, more geographies and more issuers. We're building the data-driven solutions for the fund industry and the digital communications infrastructure that helps companies increase the effectiveness and lower the cost of their client communications. We're growing our capital markets franchise by adding new clients under our platforms and integrating the front office capabilities we acquired in Itiviti. And we're building our wealth and new management franchise by adding more component solutions and creating a next-generation wealth management technology platform.  
 The critical factor underlying all this execution has been and will continue to be investment in our technology and digital platforms. We're pursuing a $52 billion market opportunity that's continuing to evolve. The long-term trends driving that evolution, including the ongoing democratization of investing, which in turn is driving and being driven by greater digitization, were only accelerated by the pandemic. Those same trends are powering our growth and creating an imperative for investment by our clients in the next-generation technology we provide.  
 We're all hearing a lot these days about the "democratization" of investing. But what we are seeing now is a continuation of a 50-year trend driven by the ongoing combination of new technology and reduced trading costs. These forces have led to continued innovation from discount brokerage to online trading, to 401s, ETFs and managed accounts. More recently, modern user interface, 0 commission trading and the pandemic have accelerated this long-term trend.  
 Together, these forces have made investing consistently more cost-effective and more accessible for more people. For Broadridge, this has supported high single-digit growth over the last decade in the number of positions we serve. Going forward, more innovations, including direct indexing, will support continued growth. So we expect that same high single-digit growth for many years to come. 
 It's worth noting that democratization is also playing a part in the increasing importance of ESG, which further underlines the importance of what Broadridge does. As new investors come to the market and new innovations drive increased diversification, it's critical that investors get to shareholder disclosures and other communications they need to make informed decisions.  
 Investors are also seeking to exercise their vote on how issuers and funds should approach ESG issues. Our 24/7 SaaS technology platform plays a critical role in powering that system of corporate governance. And these trends are making governance, voting and disclosures an even more important part of the investment process. 
 We have built that platform through continuous innovation and investment to link tens of thousands of corporate issuers and funds with hundreds of banks and broker-dealers and tens of millions of institute individual investors. Our platform is constantly monitoring and validating positions across more than 100 million retail and 270,000 institutional accounts.  Every day, we collect, maintain and manage the investor preferences that are critical to driving digital distribution.  
 Doing so effectively and securely requires investment in continuous monitoring to provide the highest levels of data security. It also requires us to serve our bank and broker-dealer clients with co-branded communications, client service and integrated billing and collections that greatly simplify the entire ecosystem.  
 As a result, we've built a 24/7 proxy and fund information infrastructure, which delivers highly accurate voting for thousands of annual meetings and whose efficiency saves funds and corporate issuers hundreds of millions of dollars each year. 
 Thanks to our investments in digitization, it's also increasingly green, driving down paper and mail volumes and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.  
 So we will continue to invest in extending that network to enable expanded voting, enhance shareholder communications  and to better gather and share data analytics that helps funds and issuers better understand changes in their investor base.  
 Digitization is the second trend that's been accelerated by the pandemic and which is driving our growth. It's reducing costs for our clients, broadening their reach and accelerating processes from account opening to trade settlement and communications. 
 It's being facilitated by the rapid adoption of next-generation technologies. The move to the cloud enables a scalable and variable cost computing architecture, which is changing our clients' business models. Data, analytics, and AI are transforming how clients make decisions and power their investment processes. The move to digital technology and financial services has been both a driver and beneficiary of market democratization. 
 Financial services need technology and scale to compete in today's complex markets, and Broadridge provides both. Our SaaS technology is an on-ramp for accelerated digitization with next-generation technology. We're delivering blockchain solutions to the repo market, AI-driven trading to fixed income and enhanced virtual and new meeting experience among many other examples. Bringing new technologies to our clients with mutualized solutions at scale is a core part of our strategy.  
 Past investments have put Broadridge in a position to help our clients today. With the acceleration of democratization and digitization, the opportunity to invest for the future is as high as ever. We're investing to build new platforms and solutions, including our Broadridge wealth platform. Consistent with our history, we'll also actively seek out M&A opportunities that meet our strategic and financial criteria.  
 Collectively, this investment strategy has and will continue to extend our capabilities in governance, including data analytics, capital markets, including most recently phone office trading and wealth and investment management. I'm confident that these investments will only further strengthen our position as an innovation enabler for our clients and reinforce our long-term growth.  
 Finally, any focus on sustainable, long-term growth must be grounded in meeting the needs of all stakeholders. At Broadridge, that focus starts with our culture, anchored in the service profit chain that puts associate engagement at the core of our business approach. It extends to our clients and communities as well as our shareholders. 
 I encourage you to read our recently released sustainability report. You'll learn about how we are building the most engaging workplace for the most talented associates in our industry, the efforts we make to keep our clients' data secure, our success in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and much more.  
 Before turning the call to Edmund, I'd like to thank the thousands of dedicated and talented Broadridge associates that have made these results and future opportunities possible. They are the foundation of our success.  
 Let me briefly sum up. Broadridge delivered a strong quarter driven by continued execution and powerful underlying growth trends. We are executing on our long-term growth strategy and are committed to making investments that will create additional opportunities. And we're doing it the right way by also driving associate engagement, making a positive impact on our communities, reducing our environmental footprint and improving the financial lives of millions. I'm confident that Broadridge is on track to achieve the higher end of our 3-year growth objectives and is well positioned to drive sustainable growth for the long term.  
 And now let me turn to Edmund for a review of our financial results. Edmund? 
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As you've just heard from Tim, we are pleased with how our strategy is progressing. It's good to be here to discuss another quarter of strong financial performance, driven by new sales, strong underlying volume trends and the acquisition of Itiviti. 
 You can see that strong performance in the financial summary on Slide 7, which shows that recurring revenues grew 16% to $751 million. Adjusted operating income rose 17% to $177 million, with AOI margins flat to last year at 14.8%, reflecting our continued ability to find efficiencies and gain operating leverage through our scale, allowing us to invest in our technology and digital platforms.  
 That growth in operating income was partially offset by higher interest expense related to financing the Itiviti acquisition. As a result, adjusted EPS rose 9% to $1.07.  
 Let's get into the details of those results, starting with the recurring revenue on Slide 8. Recurring revenues grew from $650 million in Q1 '21 to $751 million in Q1 '22, an increase of 16%. Organic recurring revenue grew at 7% and came in at the high end of our 5% to 7% 3-year objectives, reflecting the continued momentum from our sales and revenue backlog and increased investor participation. The contribution from acquisitions, primarily our continued success integrating Itiviti, added another 9 points to recurring revenue growth.  
 Now let's turn to Slide 9 and look at the growth across our ICS and GTO businesses. We reported double-digit recurring revenue growth in both of our segments.  
 ICS recurring revenue grew by 11%, all organic, to $410 million, propelled by a combination of new sales and strong volumes. Regulatory revenues rose 23% to $165 million, powered by higher mutual funded ETF communications, strong equity position growth in the U.S. and closed sales revenue.  
 Growth was also strong in our international proxy business led in part by strong performance in Canada. Our issuer business also contributed to our overall growth rate to strong sales of our disclosure products. And as expected, we are also benefiting from high retention of our virtual shareholder meeting solution.  
 Data-driven fund solutions revenue grew 5% to $83 million, boosted by an increase in revenue from assets under administration and revenue from new sales of our data and analytics products.  
 Finally, customer communications revenues rose 2% driven by new sales and growth in digital.  
 In turning to GTO, recurring revenues grew 21% to $341 million and 2% organic. Wealth and investment management revenues rose 6%, driven by the onboarding of new component sales and higher retail trading. Capital Markets revenues increased 34% as we benefited from a full quarter of Itiviti revenue. Excluding Itiviti, organic growth was slightly negative as lower license and consulting revenue was offset by strong revenue growth from new business, including revenues from onboarding of the major U.S. bank that Tim mentioned.  
 Going forward, we expect revenue from closed sales, fueled by our healthy revenue backlog, will drive strong growth over the balance of the year. 
 So let's turn to Slide 10 for a closer look at the volume trends. Broadridge continued to benefit from strong volume trends in the first quarter. The biggest driver of our internal growth was mutual fund and ETF record growth, which rose 9% driven by healthy markets and strong inflows.  
 Equity record growth was 39% in a seasonally small quarter. So keep in mind that the first quarter historically represents approximately 5% of full year equity communications with more than 80% coming in the fiscal third and fourth quarters while mutual funded ETF communications are more balanced through the year.  
 Looking ahead, our testing of record positions is showing continued strong growth trends in the seasonally larger second half with high single-digit growth indicated for both equities and funds.  
 On the bottom of the slide, we saw a modest 2% increase in our trading volumes as higher fixed income volumes were offset by lower equity volumes. Our outlook for the balance of the year assumes flat trading volumes.  
 Turning to Slide 11, where we summarize the drivers of recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenues rose 16%, powered by 7% organic growth and 9 points from acquisitions. Revenue from closed sales was the biggest driver of our organic growth. We saw strong contribution from sales across both ICS and GTO. Our recurring revenue retention rate remained unchanged at 98% and internal growth contributed another 2 points as growth in ICS outpaced the decline in GTO.  
 Itiviti was the biggest driver of our acquisition growth, contributing $54 million of growth with a much smaller contribution from the tuck-in acquisitions we made late in Q4 and in early Q1.   
 Now we'll turn to Slide 12 to review the drivers of total revenue and for some additional color on our strong event-driven revenues. Total revenue growth was 17% as strong recurring revenue growth was accompanied by 4 points of growth from higher distribution revenue and 3 points from event-driven revenues. Low to no margin distribution revenues grew 11% year-over-year, primarily resulting from the higher customer communications mailings.  
 Higher postage rates were a small factor in the first quarter but will be a more significant contributor to distribution revenues for the remainder of the year. So we expect continued high levels of distribution revenue growth for the full year.  
 And as I've previously noted, over the long term, we expect that the share of distribution revenue as a percentage of total revenue will continue to decline as we remain focused on growing recurring revenue.  
 Event-driven revenues rose to $76 million in the quarter, driven by higher mutual fund proxies. Q1 '22 did benefit from a large fund proxy that was originally expected in Q3 '22.  Despite this timing benefit and given the strong start to the year, we now expect event-driven revenues for the full year to be modestly ahead of our $220 million 7-year average. For modeling purposes, we're expecting Q2 to Q4 to be in line with our $55 million 7-year quarterly average.  
 Rounding out revenue drivers, changes in FX contributed 1 point to our growth. As previously disclosed, we changed our FX reporting methodology to better align the presentation of our key metrics with current FX rates. You can find our comparable revenue, segment profitability and closed sales numbers for fiscal '20 and '21 in the 8-K we filed at the end of September and in the appendix to these slides.  
 So let's now move to margins on Slide 13. Adjusted operating income margin was flat at 14.8% in the first quarter. The positive impact of strong recurring and event-driven growth was offset by growth investments and an increase in low-margin distribution revenue. We continue to expect AOI margin of approximately 19% for the full year as we benefit from the higher-margin Itiviti revenues and continued margin expansion in our organic business, offsetting the greater-than-expected higher growth and low margin distribution revenues.  
 Moving on to close sales on Slide 14. Closed sales of $30 million were essentially flat year-over-year. And closed sales were balanced across both our ICS and GTO segments, and we continue to see over 2/3 of our sales in smaller core deals, those under $2 million in annualized value. That gives us confidence in the broad demand and long-term growth of our digital products. We remain on track to deliver $240 million to $280 million in closed sales for the full year.  
 And finally, cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 15. Broadridge's cash flow generation is typically negative in the fiscal first quarter and strengthens throughout the year, and Q1 '22 was no exception with negative free cash flow of $151 million.  
 Turning to uses of capital, we continue to invest in our long-term growth. A big part of that investment is the technology platforms we're building in capital markets and wealth. These new platforms require upfront investment to build new capabilities and convert new clients. We invested $82 million in our platforms during the first quarter. Our investment in our next-generation wealth management platform is an important part of that, but we're also investing in other platforms such as our global post-trade management or GPTM solution. 
 All of these investments are tied to long-term client contracts and strengthen our capabilities across capital markets and wealth management. We will continue to prioritize these internal investments in our technology platforms as part of our capital allocation model. And we're excited about the growth from new client revenues as we convert clients onto the new platforms.  
 As we integrate Itiviti, continued M&A remains a focus. During the quarter, we had a modest minority investment and invested $13 million in a pair of tuck-in acquisitions within our capital markets business.  
 Looking forward, you can expect us to continue investing in our platforms and allocating capital to targeted M&A opportunities that meet our high strategic criteria and financial profile. And we will continue to return capital to shareholders, primarily through our dividend, as we remain focused on paying down debt and maintaining an investment-grade credit rating.  
 I'll close my prepared remarks with a quick review of our guidance and some final thoughts on our first quarter results. We are reaffirming our full year guidance on all of our key financial metrics. We continue to expect 12% to 15% recurring revenue growth, adjusted operating income margin of approximately 19% and adjusted EPS growth of 11% to 15%. I'll note that over the last 5 years, the first half has typically represented less than 30% of our full year adjusted EPS, and I expect that trend to hold in fiscal year '22. Finally, as I noted earlier, we expect closed sales in the range of $240 million to $280 million.  
 And with that, let me reiterate today's key messages. Broadridge delivered strong first quarter results with 16% recurring revenue growth driven by new sales, strong underlying volume trends and the acquisition of ltiviti. We are reaffirming our guidance for a strong fiscal year 2022, and we are investing in our business as we pursue our $52 billion addressable market. As a result, we are well positioned to deliver at the high end of our 3-year objectives, and we see a long run rate for continued growth. 
 So with that, let's take your questions. Let me turn it back to the operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. 
Darrin Peller: Look, I just want to start off on the GTO side of the business for a minute. When I look at the underlying growth trends, excluding the acquisitions, it was more -- I think it was up 1% or flattish and I know there were tough comps on volume. Can you just remind us of how it's going with, first, on the wealth management side and the initiatives with UBS, timing and investments necessary that we should expect there. 
 And then more importantly, just the overall opportunity on the pipeline on the capital market side as well. It's been an area that I know we focused on that should have a long runway. So I'm curious to hear where the bookings are coming in that category and what kind of play out that could be in the next couple of years? 
Timothy Gokey: Darrin, it's Tim. Let me give a little bit of background on where we are on the wealth management side. And then I'll let Edmund take you through sort of the broader pipeline and momentum in capital markets. 
 So on the wealth management side, and I think as we said before, this transformation of wealth management is one of our most exciting opportunities. And we continue to drive with UBS on bringing that forward. We've had -- just last week, we spent time with the senior leadership and really feeling good about how the partnership is working. And making really strong progress in building the new capabilities and the pretty complex work of decommissioning was a very tenured platform. 
 So we are, as you know, already live with some applications. We're working with UBS to sequencing, bringing forward the additional solutions that will align with the pace of their broader digital transformation. We expect to implement that in phases over the next 18 to 24 months. As you remember, the way we do our revenue recognition, we'll begin recognizing revenue when that becomes fully live. And so in the meantime, the net of that goes on to our balance sheet, which you'll see in coming quarters. So we feel good about it. 
 We think, though, on the revenue side for that particular initiative, it will be a ways out before you begin to see it. But we're continuing to hear validation with other clients, good progress with RBC and good discussions with others. So that's sort of the update on the wealth management piece.  Obviously, in the mean we continue to make strong progress with our component sales on the wealth management side. 
 For a review of where we are in capital markets and sort of the overall momentum, let me just let Edmund comment on that. 
Edmund Reese: Thanks for that, Tim, and thanks for the question, Darrin. I want to start with just saying that GTO continues to be a very healthy franchise with over $30 billion when you look at capital markets and wealth management inside of that $30 billion in market opportunity. We're coming off a strong year in GTO overall at 7% in fiscal year '21 and now, 21% this year. A lot of that is Itiviti, of course, but the organic business in GTO was 2% growth. And it's just -- as Tim just talked about the wealth management business, if you think about that component, it grew at 6% for the quarter. That's well within our 5% to 7% organic growth objectives, and that's coming from continued onboarding of new sales and the retail trading that we've seen. 
 The organic business in the capital markets in the first quarter was slightly negative. I mentioned in my remarks that lower license revenue and lower consulting revenue was the driver of that. But to your question, we have a strong pipeline to onboard. And we've mentioned earlier our recurring revenue backlog of $385 million, a large chunk of that is GTO. So we look to have license revenue growth in the back half of the year, flat trading growth and continue to onboard that pipeline. That puts us in a position where we expect the capital markets business to also be within our 5- to 7-year growth objectives. And I think that's a great place to be with both of these franchises well within our organic overall growth ranges. 
Darrin Peller: Okay. That's helpful, guys. A very quick follow-up. When -- obviously, there's been strong position growth on the mutual funding on the equity side, in particular. But without that, I mean, even without that, I guess, you can say you've had decent growth in the other parts of the non-regulatory side and customer communications, it's good to see it being consistently positive now. So what are your -- what are you thinking on that piece of business, the customer communications, which I know had been a little bit of a challenge seems to have deflected? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Darrin, thanks for noticing that and bringing it up. It is -- obviously, we had that long story of a large client that was going away, that took longer to go away and sort of created that negative headwind for what seemed like many, many quarters. So glad to have that behind us. 
 I think the important story within customer communications is a little bit sort of deeper than this top line number, even though it's nice to see that top line number positive. It's really around the transition within that business, from paper to digital. And as you know, we've grown the digital business inside that at double digits the past 2 years. That continues to have nice momentum. 
 And so -- it's nice to see the overall number be positive. It is pretty muted at 2%. It will continue to be muted. But inside that, we really like the transition we see going on. 
Edmund Reese: And I'll only add to Tim's comment that, that higher growth in digital comes on at higher margins as well. The customer communications has been a strong earnings driver. And now you're starting to see that translate into the top line as we grow digital with higher margin business as well. 
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Young with Truist Securities. 
Michael Young: Wanted to just start with an update on Itiviti. I know you guys have been working pretty hard at that and pretty hands on there. So just kind of an update in revenue generation, sales opportunity and anything on kind of the cost or operating margin side? 
Timothy Gokey: Sure. Thank you, Michael. And really excited to talk about Itiviti. It's a strong complement to what we're doing. And as a reminder, its strength in front office and Europe and Asia really complements our strength in back office and North America. 
 And we're really pursuing 3 growth opportunities there. There's an ongoing opportunity sort of -- Itiviti, without Broadridge, has just continued to take share in front office and its existing markets and solutions really based on the fact that the competitors are disinvesting. 
 Medium term, we think there's a really nice opportunity to bring Itiviti to Broadridge clients in North America, leverage our strength in fixed income and other new asset classes. And then longer term, we talked about linking front and back office and really bringing data from the back office into the front and also making that whole front to back office more seamless and cost effective. 
 So we are seeing really nice signs of affirmation of that. We're seeing really nice demand from clients to have discussions about that and continued interest in having alternatives to existing providers. So really high client engagement around that long-term thesis. 
 And in the meantime, the integration is going well. The combined capital markets team, as I said in my remarks, is making great strides in the integration. We're seeing results that are on track with the expectations, including good contributions of sales revenue and bottom line. I'll just ask if Edmund wants to... 
Edmund Reese: Yes, the only thing I'll add just to your question specifically, Michael, is on the margin side. This is largely a recurring revenue business. We said that it would come in at over 30% margins and be accretive. You heard in my prepared remarks that it was accretive to our overall AOI margin for the quarter. 
 And to Tim's point about front to back, this is something that we are investing in. So the investments that we're deploying in this quarter and for the rest of the year will go towards activity as we look to build capabilities front to back as well. So we feel good about the progress. 
 The last thing I'd say about it is I've mentioned to you that acquisitions would be 7% to 8% of contribution, and you saw strong reaffirmation of that in the first quarter with 9 points of our recurring revenue growth from acquisitions. And for our 3-year objectives, I think since we brought Itiviti on, we'll see 2 points of contribution to adjusted EPS growth. So I feel good about Itiviti and the acquisitions that we've been making over the past 2 quarters. 
Michael Young: And maybe kind of following up on that, just on sales opportunities internationally. I know this was potentially a nice foothold with some clients on a more international basis. It seems like that may take a little more time as you focus on integration. But when could we see some benefits from kind of the Itiviti customer book? And then also maybe just a more broad kind of update on what's going on internationally as maybe the pandemic subsides. Are you seeing any more success there? 
Timothy Gokey: Sure, Michael. First of all, I think we do expect a strong contribution from sales from Itiviti this year. As you know, we went from where we landed last year, around $240 million, a little bit above that to guiding to $240 million to $280 million this year. And a significant chunk of that is some Itiviti, and we're seeing nice traction on that. So I do think you'll see contribution to closed sales from Itiviti. 
 If we think specifically about international. We've had pretty significant growth in international sales. It's lumpy year-to-year, but if you look at the trend, it's been very consistently up with some really nice opportunities that we're in the midst of pursuing now. So I expect that to be an increasingly strong contributor to our overall sales mix over time. 
Edmund Reese: And Michael, I'll just add one comment to Tim's, which is we said that we expect strong revenue synergies from Itiviti as a result of those sales. We said $20 million by 2025, and we're still pursuing that. 
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Donat with Piper Sandler. 
Christopher Donat: It's Chris Donat. I wanted to ask one more question on the -- on the wealth business and just to make sure I understand sort of the quarter-on-quarter dynamics there because it's the second consecutive year we've seen a decline in revenue in your September quarter. And I'm just wondering because, Edmund, you made the comment about the license revenue and consulting. Is there a seasonal factor there? Or is it just coincidence that we've seen sort of this happen 2 years running on a quarter-on-quarter thing? 
Edmund Reese: Chris, you might -- sorry to interrupt. Thanks for the question. You may be referencing the capital markets business and not the wealth management business. What we saw was some big clients signed in fiscal year '20 that drove up license revenue. We were growing over that in fiscal year '21. We sort of have a plan that suggests flat in the first quarter and growing license revenue in the back half of the year that will help the capital markets reach sort of our normal 5% to 7% organic levels. 
 Wealth management, that's continued to grow. I think the 4-year CAGR on wealth management is about 8%. It grew 6% in this quarter, and that's a contribution of both continuing to bring on closed sales and having strong retail trading growth help drive that business as well. So that's the dynamic between the 2 businesses. I'll see if there's anything else Tim would want to add. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Chris, is, first of all, there's no -- there's nothing seasonal about it. So to the extent there's something you're seeing, it is sort of idiosyncratic. And there were, a couple of years ago on the license side, some significant business in Canada, and that created a little bit of lumpiness and up and then down the next year. But we don't see anything of that magnitude going forward, and I wouldn't think that there's really any systematic seasonality. 
Edmund Reese: That's right. 
Christopher Donat: Yes. Okay. Yes. Just it was on the -- I appreciate the comments on the capital market. Just on the wealth side, and it's a small piece, but the quarter-on-quarter change, fourth quarter, $136 million in wealth revenue and then it slips to $131 million. I guess I was thinking of that business is highly recurring. But can you just remind us what the revenue drivers are? I thought it was something that -- whatever, not a big percentage change from the June quarter. But anyway, just trying to make sure I understand what's going on. 
Edmund Reese: In this quarter, Chris, you're going to see about a 6% growth of that, about 5 points of it is on the organic component, 1 point is from new revenue from new acquisitions that we had still showing up in that business. And on the organic side, very much like the other components of our business, you see us being able to retain our clients at 98% of the recurring revenue that we have with them in new sales being the largest driver. And recently, the retail trading being the uptick that we've seen on wealth management, it really does boil down to those drivers. 
Timothy Gokey: And Chris, I would say we can come back on any sequential comparisons. But I think if you step back and look at what is our -- what we're seeing for the full year, we're seeing that nice sort of within our range organic growth for the full year. So I wouldn't take any information out of that sequential quarter number. 
Christopher Donat: Okay. And then just thinking about the cadence of earnings for the full year. I thought you had some comments, Edmund, about some pieces, but just thinking about that, like the EPS by quarter over the course of the year, should we expect it to be like it has in prior or at least since Broadridge had a change in revenue recognition that kind of affected timing of fiscal third quarter and fourth quarter revenues? 
Edmund Reese: I do. I like to point out the comments about the components of the businesses have some seasonality in it. But in my prepared remarks, I made a comment about the first half of the year being typically just under 30% of the full year adjusted EPS. And I think fiscal year '22 is going to continue with that trend. 
Operator: The next question will come from David Togut with Evercore ISI. 
David Togut: The 39% equity position growth is probably a record since Broadridge spun out of ADP in 2007. So my question is, what are you assuming for stock record growth for the critical spring proxy season? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Dave, it's Tim. I'm going to just make a couple of broad comments on this. And then Edmund will a little bit of detail about what we're seeing in our testing right now because we do have a little bit of a forward view on that. 
 And it is -- those certainly, as you correctly noted, are some eye-popping numbers. Obviously, it's a small quarter, so it's hard to really draw anything from that 1 data point. I think the thing that I want to come back to, just at the broad level, is that this whole trend I talked about in my remarks, the democratization, it's a long-term trend that's made investing more accessible and cost-effective and those drivers have been consistent over time in the mid- to high single digits. It certainly is elevated now. We don't see that elevated level as something that continues over the long run. We do see return to that mid-single digits. It will still be elevated a bit this year. But we feel really good about those long-term drivers, including new things like direct indexing. 
 So Edmund, then maybe just give us a little bit more color on that. 
Edmund Reese: Yes, I'll give some color on the -- what we think about moving forward. So as Tim just said, David, mid-single-digit growth over the last 10 years in both equities and fund and ETF positions, to the point that Tim just made, that has elevated, I'd say, beginning with the fiscal '20 Q4 time period and ended at 26% last year, up to the eye-popping numbers at 39% in Q1 '22. 
 Our recent testing shows that Q2 is normalizing a bit to be closer to 20%. Now that's a nice uptick from the low teen growth that we saw in testing just a few months ago. I will mention that you should keep in mind that the first half is a much lighter component of the volumes. Last year, I think we showed in the slide that last year, the first half was about 13%. Over 80% of the volumes are in the back half of the year, the third and the fourth quarter, and our mid-October testing for that suggests high single-digit growth for the second half of the year. 
 So I think we feel good about where that positions us for '22. And more importantly, the trends that Tim mentioned earlier, like direct indexing, I think that gives us confidence that we should expect to see mid- to high-single digits for many years to come. And as is our history, we'll come back to you in February as we get closer to proxy season and do more testing with an update on where we stand. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, the visibility at this stage, we are pulling the records of the companies that will be having meetings in the second half. And so the upper single digit is what we're seeing in October, but we'll redo that and that obviously continues to change as the year progresses. 
David Togut: Understood. Just as a quick follow-up. On Darrin's earlier question, a lot of incoming questions on UBS. So when you talk about 18- to 24-month time line to complete the contract fully, how much of that is driven by UBS and their own internal time lines, i.e., decommissioning of their platform versus your delivery on the platform itself? 
Timothy Gokey: Dave, I think that is very hard to disentangle. It's just very complex. And as we get into bringing components that are being built and then testing them and this is all being done agile. So in comparison to functionality, a lot of it is just because that -- remember, UBS, $1.7 trillion assets, ultra-high net worth, really the highest net worth clients of the large competitors out there. And so the complexity of what they're doing does lead to discovery of, oh, it also does this. And so it's an ongoing process. But I think we feel really good about some things we're going to be doing that will be out in the first half of next year and then additional releases over the coming quarters. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson. 
Peter Heckmann: I think most of my questions have been answered, but just 2 quick follow-ups. One on the customer communication and customer reimbursables piece, noting the mix shift there where the decline in some of the print and postage is masking strong growth in digital. Over the last few quarters, have we seen much impact from that regulatory change around 30e-3 and 498A? Or do you expect that to occur over the next couple of quarters? 
Timothy Gokey: I would say, and I'll let Edmund add on, but we are seeing -- beginning to see a positive benefit from 30e-3. That is -- has been a modest benefit. The 498 piece, I'm less certain about. I think that is still in the -- I guess, the 498B is the piece that is not yet approved. The 498A, I think is -- we're not -- I'm not seeing that come out as a driver significantly one way or the other. 
Edmund Reese: Tim, you're exactly right. We have been seeing an uptick in recurring revenue from 30e-3. And I think we still have a couple more quarters in fiscal year '22 where we'll continue to see incremental benefit from that. The offset is in the distribution revenue, which is passed through and low to no margin. So overall, that's a benefit for us that we're picking up now and not much from the 498B. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. And remember, Pete, that -- or I know you know this, but for everyone listening, all that appears within the regulatory line. And there is an ongoing substitution from paper to digital within regulatory. And then when I was talking earlier, I was talking about within the BRCC customer communications line, where that same thing is happening. 
Peter Heckmann: Got it. Got it. And then just a follow-up on the -- within wealth management, I mean, is it possible for the RBC deployment to go forward while you're still finishing up some of the UBS? Or is some of that development that you're doing with UBS going to be required to then convert RBC? 
Timothy Gokey: That is a great question, and we are deep in discussion with both clients on that very topic because some of these components are -- maybe ready. And it may be simpler in RBC where they're already on our back office to implement some of the components and get them going. But we really need to work that through with both clients at this stage. It has always been our plan that it would be after UBS, but it's -- I think the order of that is something that is -- continues to evolve. 
Operator: The next question will come from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: I was wondering if you could size the potential revenue impact of that pass-through voting initiative from BlackRock. And then as you kind of think about pass-through voting as a topic in general, is the ability to expand that to mutual funds and ETFs and other products over time? Or do you think it's kind of limited to a subset of BlackRock's products? 
Timothy Gokey: Thanks, Patrick. Thanks for asking the question because I think this is a development that we are really excited about. It is -- and it just -- stepping back, it combines a lot of the things we've been talking about. It combines democratization, it combines ESG, it combines innovation, it combines the power of the network and our infrastructure. So a lot of the things that we've been working on. This really brings them together and it's something that we have been working on for a while. 
 So near term, as you pointed out, it's not a revenue driver and to the extent that it's on the institutional side, it's not really a revenue driver. I think the interesting question is as others look at this, would it come to the retail and ETF side. And in which case, it could become a revenue driver. I would think that would be a long term that kind of thing. So I'm not -- I wouldn't be thinking about anything at all near term. But as you think about the kinds of things that continue to support that high mid-single or high single-digit position growth, it could be a factor over time. 
 I do think that topic around increasing importance of governance, that's a clear positive for Broadridge, whether it's institutional or retail and the fact that BlackRock, the world's largest global asset manager, is taking a step, I think, is really making people take a hard look at this. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. And then on your closed sales, can you remind me about the underlying reasons for the seasonality in your closed sales? Is that because your client budgets are, hey, we want to get this deal done before the end of June? Or is it more on your end? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Great question, Patrick. It is -- most clients closed their budgets in December and they're trying to -- so if you look at a lot of companies, it would be -- they would have their big sales sort of at the end of the calendar year. So this, I do think is driven more by our fiscal year. 
 It's not driven because we cut a lot of deals at the very end. It just is -- we have very good relationships with clients. And so many of these things are sort of already decided, but then they get caught in the contracting and there's a big pipeline of things. And because of the relationship we have with our clients, they know it's coming up and they tend to sort of bump us up to the top of the heap and create this big backlog in Q4. 
 So we are trying to get it a little more like we'd -- we'd like to have 2 big bumps, one in December, one in June, but we'll keep working on that. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, I would like to just thank everyone for participating in all this morning for your interest in Broadridge. 
 We're off to a strong start for the fiscal year. We are continuing to execute on our growth strategies across governance, capital markets and wealth management. We're reaffirming our guidance for the year and our expectation to be at the upper end of our 3-year objectives. And we look forward to updating you again in a few months. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-08-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Iley. Good morning, and welcome to Broadridge's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call today are Tim Gokey, our Chief Executive Officer; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge on today's call that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found on the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I'll begin with our key messages and then provide an overview of our performance against our strategic objectives across governance, capital markets, and wealth and investment management. And I'll close with some thoughts about our future before Edmund reviews the financials. Let's get started. I have four headlines. First, Broadridge delivered a strong fiscal year '21. Recurring revenues rose 10%, adjusted EPS rose 13%. And our sales teams delivered a 10th consecutive year of record sales. Our results demonstrate how well positioned Broadridge is to take advantage of increasing investor participation and the growing need to digitize and utilize financial services. Second, we're executing against the strategic growth plan we laid out at our Investor Day in December. We're building a next generation of governance products, growing the scope of our capital markets business across the trade lifecycle, and building our wealth management franchise. Third, we remain committed to balanced capital allocation. In fiscal '21, we increased our level of investment on our internal platforms, completed the largest acquisition in our history, and returned nearly $250 million in capital to shareholders. Yesterday, our Board approved 11% increase in our annual dividend per share. Broadridge has now increased its annual dividend every year since becoming a public company with double digit increases in eight of the last nine years. Fourth and last, we expect another strong year in fiscal '22. Our guidance calls for 12% to 15% recurring revenue growth, further margin expansion 11% to 15%. Adjusted EPS growth and another year of record sales. The combination of strong fiscal year '21 results and our guidance for fiscal '22 leaves Broadridge extremely well positioned to achieve the higher end of our three year growth objectives.  As we close out the first year of our current three year cycle, I want to give you an update on our progress against our strategic growth plans for each of our three franchise businesses starting with governance, or ICS on slide 4. ICS recurring revenue rose 11% in fiscal '21 to $2.1 billion, driven by both new sales and internal growth. Strength of our governance franchise comes from its position at the heart of network linking broker dealers, corporate issuers, asset managers, and 10s of millions of individual and institutional investors. Our fiscal '21 results highlight how our strategy of innovating at the core while providing incremental value to all network participants, it drive incremental and sustainable growth for Broadridge. I'll start with our core regulatory business. The big story here is the very strong position growth we're seeing across equities. Equity stock record growth, which is our measure of the number of positions held by shareholders grew 26% fiscal '21, including 33% in the seasonally strongest fourth quarter. We continue to be struck by the broad base nature of this growth. We're seeing growth across large and small issuers, not simply a handful of mega cap tech, or main stocks. Looking in three sectors, tech and consumer cyclical stocks are leading the growth of 42% and 37% growth respectively. We're also seeing double digit growth across virtually other sector including 33% growth in healthcare names and 20% plus, in basic materials and industrials. This broad based participation is a key reason why we believe that fiscal year 201 strong growth is an extension of the long-term trend that's been driving higher equity and fund position growth over the past decade. And why we're forecasting continued growth in fiscal '22. At Broadridge we were able to meet this increased demand because we've invested in scaling our capacity. After the initial coverage surge last spring, we invested in new distribution capacity to build incremental flexibility across our network, enabling us to seamlessly ensure that holders of more than 500 main positions got the communications they needed to participate in corporate governance. We've also invested in new digital capabilities, including QR codes that make voting on your mobile device easier than ever. Our governance franchise is also increasingly global, with gains on a Shareholder Rights Directive II solution and continued expansion of our European Fund Communications Business. We are also expanding the suite of data driven solutions we provide for fund clients, driven in part by another year of double digit growth across our data and intelligence products. We are growing our relationships with corporate issuers. We conducted almost 2,400 virtual shareholder meetings in fiscal '21, up from 1,500 a year ago. We become the clear choice for America's leading companies with more than three quarters of S&P 100 companies using Broadridge to host their annual meetings in 2021. In turn, increased demand for our VSM capabilities has enabled us to deepen our client relationships, leading to strong growth in our suite of other Annual Meeting services, and disclosure solutions products. Finally, in customer communications, our strategy is focused on using our print capability as a door opener for growing our digital business. So it was encouraging to see strong double digit growth in digital revenues, which offset lower print revenues and help drive higher earnings. All-in-all is a very strong year for our governance franchise. Now let's turn to capital markets on slide 5; in capital markets, we're driving trading innovation across the front office, enabling our clients to simplify and improve their global post trade technology, providing strong enterprise and data component solutions. And building new network enabled solutions using AI, digital ledger and other innovative technologies. Capital Markets revenue grew 8% to $700 million driven by new client additions and the acquisition of Itiviti, which has given us a new capability to drive innovation across the trade lifecycle. While the Itiviti integration is only just beginning, I'm excited about the progress we've made. Itiviti recently closed its largest ever sale. And we're on track to leverage Broadridge's relationships to drive more meaningful sales and the quarters ahead. Client feedback has continued to be positive, and the sales pipeline, especially in EMEA, and APAC is strong.  A key driver of our revenue growth is our continued success at bringing clients under our global platforms, enabling them to simplify their global technology. We're also enhancing those platform capabilities. A great example is the exchange traded derivatives platform onto which we're onboarding RJ O'Brian. I'm also tremendously excited by the continued progress in developing new capabilities based on next gen AI and DLT technology. Our LTX fixed income platform continues to progress well, we have more than 70 buy and sell side users on the platform and we're adding more every week. And the average initiated trade is north of $3.5 million, indicating demand for increased liquidity in fixed income markets. We also recently launched a Digital Ledger Repo platform, and are averaging $35 billion worth of transactions daily, a number which will grow as more clients, including UBS, come onto the platform. While, both these products are small today, each is bringing an innovative and differentiated solution to multibillion dollar market. Now let's turn to our Wealth Investment Management franchise on slide 6; In Wealth, we're extending our services around a core back office capabilities, growing our suite of components solutions, and building a modular platform that will link our individual capabilities across a modern technology architecture. The biggest driver behind our 6% growth in wealth and investment management revenues was revenue from new sales. During the year, we added new clients to both our core back office platform and saw strong demand for a digital solution suite. Our work with UBS on the digital transformation of the wealth management industry remains one of our most exciting initiatives; the Broadridge wealth management platform is an important part of UBS' own multiyear transformation plan for its North American wealth business.  As we line around UBS' goals and sequencing, we've already rolled out select components. And we expect to roll out the additional platform components over the next 18 to 24 months. Based on the terms of our contract, we will begin recognizing revenue when you complete the delivery of the full suite. Meanwhile, this platform continues to draw attention from other clients. We were pleased to announce last month that RBC Wealth Management will become our second client on the Broadridge's wealth platform. RBC is pursuing its own digital transformation journey, and our platform will accelerate their ability to enhance the client experience, optimize advisor productivity, and digitize its back office. We're excited to be a key technology partner in that journey. Beyond our work in the wealth platform, we continue to make progress and expanding our digital solutions with the AdvisorStream tuck-in acquisition and by extending our partner network. Lastly, I was pleased to see strong growth in our investment management technology revenues that grew by 12%. Strong revenue from sales and existing solutions, continued platform development and new product positions, we're making solid progress on our wealth and investment management growth strategy. As I wrap up my strategy update, I want to highlight the common denominator behind execution across governance, capital markets, and wealth and investment management. Broadridge is investing in driving near, medium and long-term growth. We've invested to process higher position counts, more virtual shareholder meetings, and handle surges and trading volumes, which are critical in fiscal '21 and will remain important in fiscal '22 and '23. At the same time, we're investing in initiatives that will carry our growth momentum forward, including a data intelligence products, the emergence of a European governance hub, and our wealth platform. And finally, I see tangible signs of products that have the potential to extend our growth runway well into the next decade, like digital communications, Digital Ledger Repo, and fixed income AI. These are solutions that our clients value, as evidenced by the traction that we're getting in the market for each . This mix of near, medium, and long-term growth businesses across the company are exciting. What does that mean for Broadridge? Let's turn to slide 7. As we enter fiscal '22, I've never been more optimistic that Broadridge's long term growth prospects. When I look across our company, I see a leadership team is stronger than ever focus and how we engage our associates, better serve our clients and create value for our shareholders. That team is executing against our growth plans across governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management. We're finding ways to help our clients accelerate digitization drive utilization benefits and enable the increasing democratization of investing. Even more tangibly we are on track to deliver another strong year. Our strong backlog gives us visibility into new revenue over the next 12 to 24 months. And we see continued position growth as new investors enter the market, and current investors continue to diversify their portfolios. In short, we see another year ahead of low teens revenue and adjusted EPS growth. The net result of strong fiscal year '21 results, continued execution against our growth strategy and outlook for continued growth in '22 means that Broadridge is well positioned to deliver at the higher end of our three year growth objectives, including 79% recurring revenue growth, and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth.  Before I conclude, I want to thank all Broadridge Associates for their work over the past year. Little in the past 12 months has been easy. But they have found a way to adapt to the new virtual environment. They stayed focused on our clients. And they are helping drive the transformation of the financial services industry that is enabling better financial lives for millions. Thank you. Let me now turn it over to Edmund.
Edmund Reese: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As you can see from the financial summary on slide 8, Broadridge delivered strong fiscal '21 results capped off by a strong fourth quarter and demonstrating significant progress towards our three year objectives. Fiscal '21 recurring revenues increased 10% to $3.3 billion driven by strong growth in both ICS and GTO. That strong growth enabled us to make the near, medium and long-term investments in our technology platforms and our digital products, while driving 60 basis points of AOI margin expansion for the year. Higher revenues and higher margins drove 13% adjusted EPS growth to $5.66. In the fourth quarter revenues rose 15% year-over-year to $1.1 billion driven by growth in ICS and the acquisition of Itiviti.  Adjusted operating income rose 4% as we continued our ongoing investments and adjusted EPS grew 2% to $2.19. Our results came in at the high end of our latest full year guidance range and above our three year recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth objectives. And as Tim has highlighted, our sales team closed the year on the high note. It pushed us modestly above our close sales guidance range. So let's get into the details of those results starting with recurring revenue on slide 9. The momentum in our business driven by the trends and increased investor participation in digital solutions continued into the fourth quarter and help Broadridge post another year of 10% recurring revenue growth. Our recurring revenue growth is powered by 8% organic growth which came in well above our 5% to 7% three year growth objectives. The combination of organic growth coupled with two points of growth from our acquisition of Funds Library in F5 360 in fiscal year '20. And then Itiviti in May push our fiscal year '21 recurring revenue growth above our 7% to 9% objective as well.  So a strong start to what our three year recurring revenue growth objectives. Now let's look at this quarters recurring revenue growth by business beginning with ICS on slide 10. ICS revenues grew by 17% to $719 million in the fourth quarter all of that growth, organic. The biggest driver of that growth was in our regulatory business which grew 27% to $381 million. Fourth quarter stock record growth was 33%. And mutual fund record growth was 11%, both key drivers of growth in regulatory. We also benefited from strong growth in international. And our investment in the Shareholder Rights Directive II solution is paying back and contributing to recurring revenue growth. For the full year, regulatory revenues rose 20%.Issuer revenue also contributed to growth rising 20% in the fourth quarter to $106 million and 21% growth for the full year. As Tim noted, our continued success in providing virtual shareholder meeting services has helped drive revenue growth of our other Annual Meeting services and document disclosure products. Fund Solutions lap the drag from lower interest income; their recurring revenue grew 7% in the fourth quarter. Full year revenues rose 5% driven by the fiscal year '20 acquisition mentioned earlier, in revenue from net new business. Customer communication revenues were down 1% in the quarter, declines in the low margin print revenue, offset digital growth. For the full year, customer communications revenue growth was slightly positive but more importantly, higher margin digital revenues within customer communications grew by 15%. Turning to GTO on slide 11; GTO recurring revenues rose 10% to $346 million in the quarter driven by 18% growth in our capital markets business and 1% growth in wealth and investment management. Across both capital markets and wealth, solid revenue growth from new business was offset by $7 million of lower license revenue which declines as expected and modestly lower trading volume. Our acquisition of Itiviti closed in mid May and contributed $29 million to revenue growth in the capital markets franchise. For the full year, GTO revenues rose 7% to $1.3 billion driven by four points of organic growth and three points from acquisitions. Organic growth was driven by new sales and internal growth was essentially flat as the benefit of higher full year trading volumes was offset by lower license revenue which declined relative to an unusually high fiscal year '20 level.  We expect modest growth in license revenues in fiscal year '22. So Broadridge's recurring revenue growth benefited from strong volume growth, both in ICS and our GTO business segment. So let's turn to slide 12 for a closer look at volume trends. Equity stock record growth rose to a record 26% in fiscal '21, well above the 6% to 8% trend of the past decade. Fourth quarter proxy volumes which accounted for 55% of full year distributions benefited from 33% stock record growth. We also saw strength in mutual fund and ETF regulatory communications driven by strong fund inflows as we lapped last spring's COVID driven withdrawals. Looking ahead to fiscal '22, we continue the model stock record growth growing at a healthy low teens pace, though the seasonally light first half for reverting to more trend line, mid to high single digit growth in a much more meaningful seasonal second half. We're also expecting mid to high single digit fund record growth.  Turning to trading volumes on the bottom of the slide. Fourth quarter volumes slipped 1% driven by a combination of tough year-over-year comps and lower overall market volatility. Fourth quarter volumes also declined on a sequential basis as elevated levels in Q3 '21 driven by market volatility subsided. Trading volumes rose 12% for the full year. As we look ahead to fiscal '22, we expect trading volumes to be essentially flat for the year, with modestly higher volumes in the first half of the year, offset by lower volumes in the third quarter.  Shifting to a view of growth drivers have recurring revenue on slide 13; organic growth rose to 11% in the fourth quarter driven by a combination of new sales and the seasonal impact of higher proxy volumes. New sales contributed six points to growth with balance contribution from both ICS and GTO. Internal growth of seven points was primarily driven by proxy volumes as is typically the case in our fourth quarter. Acquisitions contributed three points. Almost all of that came from Itiviti with only a modest contribution from our mid June acquisition of AdvisorStream. Client losses subtracted two points of growth in both the fourth quarter and for the full year marking another year of 98% client revenue retention rates. High retention rates reflect the value of the services we offer. Our commitment to client services and our tangible outcome of our service profit chain culture. I'll round out our revenue drivers discussion on slide 14 with a look at total revenue. Total revenues rose a healthy 12% in the fourth quarter. Recurring revenue was the primary contributor to that growth and Broadridge received the further boost from an uptick in event driven revenues, as well as two points of growth from higher distribution revenue. While higher distribution revenues contributed to our overall growth, their share of the full year total revenues declined to 31% down from 32% in fiscal year '20 and 38% five years ago. We expect that the share of low to no margin distribution revenues will continue to decline as we remain focused on growing recurring revenues. FX was a modest positive reflecting the weakening of the US dollar. Looking down the slide, event driven revenues rose $5 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter to $73 million, driven by higher proxy contest activity. For the full year, event driven revenues rebounded from a cyclical low to healthy $237 million. That rebound was broad based across the full range of event driven activities. Higher mutual fund communications contributed to roughly a quarter of the growth as the higher revenues for proxy contest as well as higher revenues from capital markets activity and other communications. Going forward, we're not forecasting to the major fund complex goes the proxy. And while there might be some quarterly cyclicality, we expect full year fiscal '22 event driven revenues to be approximately $220 million in line with the fiscal year '15 to fiscal year '21 long term average. Turning to slide 15; for the full year, adjusted operating income margin expanded 60 basis points to 18.1%, slightly ahead of our latest guidance, and multi year objectives. AOI margin declined to 180 basis points to 22.8% in the fourth quarter on the back of our planned fiscal year '21 investment spend. We have a strong track record and high confidence in our ability to make growth accretive investments, while still expanding margins and delivering near term profit growth in line with our adjusted EPS three year growth objective. Before I moved to our uses of cash and our balance sheet, let me touch on closed sales and our revenue backlog on slide 16. Thanks to a strong fourth quarter, Broadridge recorded another year of strong close sales. With balanced growth across both our ICS and GTO segments, I was especially pleased to see strong growth in our smaller sales. Those under $2 million in annualized values which rose 11%. These small sales represent the bread and butter of our long-term growth and reflect the broad demand we are seeing across our businesses. Our sales performance pushed our overall backlog, a measure of past sales that have not yet been recognized into revenue to $400 million, up from $355 million last year in steady at 12% of recurring revenue. As a CFO, I appreciate the added visibility into our future revenues that our backlog gives me. Moving to capital allocation on the next slide, Broadridge remains committed to a capital allocation policy that balances internal investment, M&A and capital return to shareholders. In fiscal year '21, we generated $557 million of free cash flow, up $58 million from fiscal year '20. Given the size of the market opportunity we see in front of us, we're continuing to prioritize making investments in our business, both internal and external. The biggest use of our cash was a $2.6 billion acquisition of Itiviti, which was completed in the fourth quarter. And late in the fourth quarter we also completed the additional tuck-in acquisition of AdvisorStream. Since the close of the quarter, we've made two more very small tuck-in acquisitions for the assets of Jordan and Jordan in the remaining share of Alpha Omega. We invested almost $300 million and continued platform build outs as we add to our capabilities across wealth management and capital markets, and another $100 million in CapEx and software development.  Total capital return to shareholders was $248 million. The 11% increase in our annual dividend approved by our board was in line with our long term 45% payout ratio policy. It will increase capital returns in fiscal year '22. As a result of the Itiviti acquisition, our total debt rose to $3.9 billion, up from $1.8 billion at the end of fiscal year '20. Our leverage ratio at year end was 3.5x. We remain focused on an investment grade credit rating and target a 2.5x leverage ratio by the end of fiscal '23.  I'll close my prepared remarks this morning with some comments on our fiscal year '22 guidance which is on slide 18. Our guidance for fiscal '22 calls for low teen recurring revenue growth, healthy margin expansion, and another year of strong adjusted EPS. Let's take each point in turn starting with recurring revenues. We expect to grow recurring revenues by 12% to 15% in fiscal year '22. That includes organic revenue growth of 5% to 7% with growth balance across both ICS and GTO. We're not modeling in any revenue contribution from the UBS contract in fiscal '22. As Tim noted, we expect to complete the rollout of the full wealth management platform suite over the next 18 to 24 months and will begin to recognize revenues at that time. We expect the contribution from acquisitions to add an additional seven to eight points with most of that coming from Itiviti. Our more recent acquisitions of AdvisorStream, J&J and Alpha Omega should contribute less than $10 million combined to fiscal '22 recurring revenues. As always, we do not forecast the impact of any future tuck-in acquisitions that we might make. In addition to recurring revenue, we expect mid single digit distribution revenue growth driven apart by a postal rate increase. And that driven revenue should, as I indicated earlier, be more in line with our fiscal '15 to '21 seven year average level of approximately $220 million. For modeling purposes, between recurring revenue, distribution and event driven revenues, total revenue growth should be in the range of 9% to 13%. We are expecting our adjusted operating income margin of approximately 19%, up from 18.1% in fiscal year '21, driven by a combination of incremental scale, digital, efficiency gains, as well as the addition of the higher margin activity business.  Finally, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be in a range of 11% to 15%. Included in our EPS outlook is an expectation that at a tax rate will essentially be flat at approximately 21% and that we'll see a modest increase in our overall share account. On our last guidance point, we expect another year of record close sales. Our outlook calls for close sales in the range of $240 million to $280 million. This guidance emphasize the strength of our financial model and our ability to drive sustainable revenue growth, expand our margins, while maintaining a balanced capital allocation policy in delivering steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth. That concludes my remarks on our fiscal year '22 guidance, but before I turn the call over for your questions, I have one more final administrative note. Beginning with our first quarter results, we will be updating how we report foreign exchange. As you know, we've historically use the fixed exchange rate for our segment revenues and for recurring revenue. The difference between the fixed internal rate and the actual rate are recorded in our FX revenue line which was negative $132 million in fiscal year '21. With the continued growth in our international revenues, especially after the acquisition of Itiviti, the time is right to adjust our reporting. Going forward, we will be changing our internal rate to one that is much closer to the actual rate. This will have the impact of shrinking our reported negative FX revenue to a much smaller number, and lowering our segment or recurring revenue numbers by the same amount. These changes will have no significant impact on our reported recurring revenue growth rate, nor will they have any impact on our reported total revenue or profitability metrics. We intend to publish our historical revenue results at a restated rate ahead of our first quarter earnings so that you have a chance to adjust your models. Again, this is a change that will begin with our first quarter earnings report. It will lower our reported recurring revenue with little of any change to growth rates and will have no impact on total revenue, operating profit for adjusted EPS. With that administrative net out of the way, let's open up the call for your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question today comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
DavidTogut: Thank you. Good morning, for your fiscal '22 guidance, could you discuss some of the potential tailwinds that take you to the high end of the 12% to 15% recurring revenue and 11% to 15% EPS growth range and the headwinds that might land you toward the lower end of that range.
EdmundReese: Yes, thanks. Hi, David. Thanks for joining this morning. Look, first, I'd start off by saying that the fiscal '22 growth is strong across both our organic business and the contribution from acquisitions. And I think positions as well, for the three year against the three year objectives that we have positions as well to be towards the high end of that. We still need to execute on sales, converting our sales to revenue and the Itiviti integration. We feel very confident with that. And I think that will actually position as well. I think as we think about some of the areas, you heard us say earlier that we're positioning volume growth to return to mid single digit levels. That obviously can be a tailwind. But we feel confident based on our view into the first, next-- the next two quarters that we can expect that level of event driven revenues, I think, is also something that on a quarterly level has been quite cyclical. We've returned to more historical levels this year in fiscal year '21. And I think that growth was broad based. So we feel confident about that as we go into fiscal year '22, as well. And I'll tell you that we feel good about the margin expansion that helps us get to a strong point from an adjusted EPS growth standpoint, as well, that's driven both by Itiviti, and the continued scale and efficiency gains that we get in our core business, as well. So as you think about the variability in our model, going to fiscal year '22, I think we'll continue to focus on executing on sales, converting that sales to revenue, driving the activity integration, I think event driven revenue is more in line with what we've historically seen in volumes are back to mid single digit levels. And I think that's what drives the range for us. And Tim might want to add a point --
TimGokey: Yes, just add into, I guess, how Edmund started, which is, as we are looking at the strong year, we are having this year, actually I was initially thinking will we be able to keep that same momentum going. And as we saw the trends coming together in the second half of the year, and putting together a plans for next year just became apparent, the strong underlying momentum in the business. And so we're definitely benefiting from Itiviti, but you peel Itiviti out and the organic growth is underneath there is right in line with our three year metrics. So we feel really good about the guide for this year, and about what it says for our momentum as an overall company. 
DavidTogut: Appreciate that. And just as a follow up, Tim, in your prepared remarks, you underscored your focus on near intermediate and long-term growth. That's a bit of a shift for Broad which historically is focus more on intermediate and longer term growth. Is it just the strength in the underlying metrics that you referenced? Or are there other factors that give you more conviction in the near- term growth prospects of the company?
TimGokey: Yes, Thanks, David. I didn't mean for that to sound like the shift but it might have sounded to you, I just think that with the volume increases that we've been seeing, that making sure that we have everything in place in, in all of our facilities, with all of our technology to support those really the organic numbers that we're seeing, that was really what we're referring to. And so, really as and you're very familiar, we take a long term view, we invest for the future. That's what we're doing. And but there are some near term tailwinds. And we need to make sure that we provide great service to our clients.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Young with Truist Security.
MichaelYoung: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to maybe just start kind of high level things last year were ahead of schedule, I think this year will be, outlook s will be the same so maybe just big picture, Tim, what areas have you been able to invest in maybe more on a strategic basis to accelerate some of those medium term growth dynamics that might sustain this kind of growth rate beyond some of maybe the macro support.
TimGokey: Yes, absolutely, Michael. And we were really pleased to be able to invest in our products and platforms this year and in our people. And we have real money in our budget for next year from the investments we made this year. So we see these things coming to life. I think you can almost kick down the strategies, and you see investments really almost across the board. Because you look at the regulatory business, we're investing to really build that out in Europe, between the shareholder rights directive and our European Fund Communications Business. You look at our funds business and the investments that we're making, in our data intelligence business, that continues to be a very strong growth for us, and we see a lot of future runway there. We've been investing clearly in our VSM capability, but also in our disclosure business for corporate issuers. And, of course, our ongoing investments in digital communication.  So right across the whole governance suite, you see investments in each of those areas. And when you look at the product roadmaps, we able to accelerate some of those product roadmaps and look at the number of innovations that we have delivered over the past 18 months in things like core proxy and core distribution and regulatory communications. It's markedly up. And then on the capital markets and wealth management side. Really, they're the investments in things like Digital Ledger Repo things like LTX, applying AI to fixed income trading, making a big difference. And so we're just excited across the whole portfolio. And you are -- that's why you're seeing strength in the underlying growth in each of those areas.
EdmundReese: And, Tim, I'll just add, we were able to make those investments that you're talking about it continue to expand margins in line with our three year objectives, and do that while continuing to deliver this double digit EPS growth here. So it really is the right time for us to invest for growth now.
MichaelYoung: Great and my follow up are on sales, and the sales backlog obviously being up 13%, from where it was at the end of last year. But close sales were pretty similar year-over-year. So is there an expectation that more of that is going to come to fruition in 2022? And then would that be sort of pull forward or additional closings as a result of maybe reopening from the pandemic versus and so we should expect maybe a slight reduction in the size of the sales backlog, or do you think that the things are placed to continue to drive growth or stability of that sales backlog into 2023?
TimGokey: Yes, Michael, thank you. Look, we are really excited also about our sales guide for next year at $240 million to $280 million. I think that really shows how as we continue to add on new solutions, like Itiviti, we see an increased market for us, brought to us in a lot of additional sales resources. And so we do see higher sales for us. In terms of how that will affect the backlog, it is -- when you look at the mix of sales, we had a lot of sales this year that were not strategic sales, they were a lot, and we had a lot of singles this year. And as we bring on the Itiviti sales, those also tend to be a little bit smaller, a little bit faster to implement. So I think sometimes when you see the mix between some of those very large strategic projects, and the singles and doubles, the singles, doubles come online, usually sort of within a year versus within two years.  And so I think we may see some fluctuations in backlog. I'm not sure what how to imply what that means for the momentum or business it does. It does flex a little bit based on the product mix. What I will say though, is seeing that backlog grow again, this year, having $400 million of revenue that we know is going to come live over the next two years. It gives us a lot of confidence in the revenue from sales portion of our growth formula. And that is the largest part of our growth formula. And so as CEO and when you think about the environment that we have out there and all the concerns, we have to know that revenue is already been sold. The projects are in flight is happening. It gives a lot of confidence in that and to make some sleep just a little bit better at night.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
DarrinPeller: Hey, thanks guys. I want to start off with the record and the position growth we're seeing being so dramatic and really the infrastructure you guys have said you've expanded and built out to handle the capacity from a physical standpoint. But then if you can also just remind us the difference in the margin profile of digital versus physical, what that's going to be for you guys going forward both from our revenue yield and a margin standpoint. And then just as a quick follow up on that same segment, when you think about your assumptions for next year, I think you said back to the mid to high single digit record growth, you just alluded to that, I think in David's question also being probably conservative. It does seem conservative when you look at the growth rates now. So if you could just expand on that, is that really what you think is the likely outcome? Or is that really just conservatism in your outlook? Thanks.
TimGokey: Yes, Darrin, it's Tim. Let me just delivered a step back. And then I'm going to let Edmund add on to things. I do think it was really remarkable year from the standpoint of physician growth. And we do see it though, as part of the long term trends that are driving position growth, across equities, and funds and ETFs. And those, as you know, are democratization investing, managed accounts, more nascently direct indexing. And so we see those trends continuing in the future. The record growth this year very broad based, which really reinforces our view that as part of these long term trends. In terms of the investments to support, it was really around ensuring that the resiliency of the network and being able to produce sort of output from multiple places. And that is just -- it is not a major thing. But it was just something that we thought we needed to do. So not really almost wouldn't even enter a model but just to show the ongoing investments that we always make in our business. I'm going to let Edmund comment on the margin profile and sort of our confidence about next year and sort of why we believe that and then I'll add on at the end.
EdmundReese: Great. So let me first start with the confidence in the next year. Darrin, we look at, we have some insight into stock record positions for companies that we expect to proxy in the next one to two quarters. And when you look at that testing, which I would say covers the large majority of distributions. And maybe there's some movement between the time that we test and the time that we actually mail but the information has been quite reliable. And when you look at that, you see what we said in my prepared remarks low teen growth through the first half of the year. And mind you that's coming off of 16% growth in Q1 last year and 24% growth in Q2 of last year. So low teen growth coming off of that. And that's helpful. That gives us great insight. But I'll remind you that the first half is our seasonally light period of the year, if you look at '21, or look at '20, the first half of the year was 13% of overall volumes. So what really is more important is the back half of the year. And we are assuming and modeling more normal levels in the second half of the year that we return to historical levels. And you combine that and that's what gets us to the mid to high single digit growth level.  So you're not, I don't expect to see 33% and 26% coming out of the fourth and full year numbers that we see. But we have good insight into the next six months or so. And I think what we have modeled positions as well, first of all for fiscal year '22, and gives us confidence in that. As we think about the margins of the business, clearly, overall in our business, what we're able to drive bringing on new customers without a new business without incremental cost to scale in our business, the efficiency gains that we're able to get. I think helps us be able to expand margins, but specifically on print, and digital it was good to see our customer communications business, not just driving the earnings growth that we've seen there. But now to see digital, which is a higher margin business, because there's very low to no margin in the distribution revenue, starting to grow in recurring revenue, which is a higher business for us. So you might see lower revenue in that business, but it comes at a higher margin, and we feel good about the progress we're making on that
TimGokey: Yes, Darrin, just I think the other piece that sometimes people think about is when we've seen this very large growth, is that does that tend to fluctuate? Does it go up and does it -- and then what happens when the market sort of goes to a different place and if you can really trace back to sort of previous times of high growth. We have -- what we haven't seen is big fall back after that. What we've seen is positions sort of consolidating at the new level, and then beginning to grow again at more modest pace. And that's if you look back to all the market cycles really over the past 20 years even almost 30 years. That's the pattern that we've seen.
DarrinPeller: That's helpful. Thanks. My very just quick follow up on GTO for a minute. How should we think about the growth of the components of the segment when just looking at the current quarter? I mean, I know or like, I guess, organically excluding the deal looked a little lower than we expected. But know, the underlying trends are obviously strong, the bookings are strong. So if you just touch on that for a minute. I'll turn back to queue.
EdmundReese: Darrin, I don't spend a whole lot of time looking at the quarterly numbers for the GTO components. If you were to look back at Q3, you would have seen the opposite of what you saw in fourth quarter in terms of more of the growth, being in wealth management and less being in capital markets. We're coming off a year of 7% growth in GTO. That I think is the important thing. Now three points of that is driven by the Itiviti acquisition and four points of that was organic. So I think as we think about the growth going forward, trading volumes coming off still 12% in fiscal year '21, over tough comps and maybe less volatility going into fiscal '21. I think we expect to get back in our organic core business back into the 5% to 7% growth range across both of those businesses really driven by net new sales, as Tim talked about earlier in both our capital markets business and wealth management business.  And Q4, we were growing over some license revenues, higher license revenues in fiscal year '20 and lower trading volumes. But I think you'll start to see driven by new sales, let's get back to the 5% to 7% three year objectives that we have across both of our businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Donat with Piper Sandler.
ChrisDonat: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Tim wanted to ask one more question on position, equity position growth. And I appreciate the color you've given us on the different types of stocks involved and the trends like democratization and managed accounts and direct indexing. Can you give us some color on from the perspective of the brokerage firms that are involved? Any general generalities you can make there? I imagine with democratization, we're seeing more sort of this startup kind of brokers or is there a lot of activity coming out of the traditional wire houses also? 
TimGokey: Yes. Glad you asked. We are definitely seeing higher growth rates in the online brokers. However, we are seeing very strong growth across all segments of brokerage firms and the traditional firms are also seeing double digit growth. And given their exercise, the absolute amount of positions is -- how we --actually bigger in that channel, while the percentage might be bigger, and some of the online ones. So it is really -- it is the one of the things also that we think is very interesting. We did a really landmark study of investing patterns and investors based looking at across $7 trillion of assets that we concluded last year, and it really did show how the millennial are here and their proportion of positions and a growth is really an interesting, but nevertheless, we are seeing really strong growth across all segments of brokerage firms.
ChrisDonat: Okay, and then just one sort of on recent news and customer concentration, with the news that Robinhood is acquiring say technologies, which has some sort of what I think are kind of interesting solutions on the investor communication side. I don't whatever I'll ask if you quantify Robinhood is the size of a customer, but I imagine it fits in the context of what I seen in your 10-K that like -- your, I think your, yes; your largest customer was 6% of revenues in the last couple of fiscal years. And your five largest were about 20% of revenues. Any way to help think about Robinhood, and if there are customer, any risks of that business?
TimGokey: Absolutely. So first of all, I say just we viewed this acquisition as a positive because it really validates the importance of retail shareholder engagement. Robinhood has been a big leader in that area and their investment are, I think, will be a wake up to two other firms. I'll come back to that in a second. So just to be very clear, Robinhood is a Broadridge client, but it's not a proxy client currently so we really don't see any impact on our -- direct impact on our business. But what we do see there, Chris is we've been really leading an innovation in proxy communications, creating APIs, I talked about that product rollout and the acceleration of roadmap, creating opportunities for our clients to leverage that event as an opportunity to really engage their retail clients, and for corporations to engage their retail clients. And so we think this is going to create sort of heightened interest and a wide range of communications and engagement topics, all of which we really welcome. I think the thing that we bring is we have this unique role, the center of network linking 10s of millions of investors, corporate issuers, or broker dealers. And that network can be really powerful to help corporations engage their retail shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
PatrickO'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning, if I recall correctly, the UBS go live was supposed to be originally completed during this summer. And I think you said today 18 to 24 months is what you're looking at right now. What's driving that extended implementation timeline, versus your prior expectations? And how does that impact opportunities in your ability to win other wealth mandates?
TimGokey: Sure, thank you, Patrick. And just as a step back, it is the wealth management industry, and the trends that we're seeing there is just continued to undergo significant change with everything's going on asset management and fee compression, and then how that plays into wealth management. And so wealth managers are continuing to evolve their strategies and their technologies to compete. And so this digital transformation that we're working on is one of the most exciting initiatives. And the UBS partnership is part of that is part of their transformation, and our mandate with them has grown since our initial agreement. So we are live with components we're working to with them in terms of how we optimize that to align with the pace of their broader digital transformation. In terms of how that affects our ability to bring out others, I think we're excited to announce RBC and I think that really validates the needs that others people -- others see for a similar digital transformation, we have a lot of ongoing discussion with other clients. And the guidance that we've provided fully incorporates all of that doesn't have any revenues from UBS in this next fiscal year. But we're still continuing to grow and UBS knows, we'll call on top of that
PatrickO'Shaughnessy: Got it. Appreciate that. And then speaking of RBC, can you speak to the implementation timeline for that install?
TimGokey: Yes, and one thing on RBC that I think is important context, first of all, RBC just backing up is a very important client for us, is the client across our businesses, in US and Canada, in wealth management in capital markets so it's very broad and deep relationship and really pleased to be able to help them with the transformation, they are engaged in their US wealth management business. We expect that to go live over the next 18 to 36 months. And since it's already back office client, the scope of incremental services and scope of incremental investment is more limited than UBS but it's very exciting for us. And Patrick, it's particularly interesting, because their business is a unique, they have a high net worth business with what they've done with Citi National, they have sort of traditional regional broker dealer, and then their correspondent as well. And so it really hits on a lot of different segments of the industry that make it pretty interesting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pete Heckmann with D.A. Davidson.
PeteHeckmann: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I missed a little bit of the call. But I believe you expect a roughly 6% decline in event driven proxy in 2022 to about $220 million, would you expect about a normal level of events and proxy revenue in the fiscal first quarter, maybe something in the $45 million range?
EdmundReese: Hey, Peter, thanks for joining this morning. So you're right. We said if you look at the last seven years, the average has been about $220 million. If you look at that on a quarterly basis, you're going to see movement a cyclicality each quarter, I think on the slide we shared that the average has been roughly $50 million to $55 million per quarter. And I think that is a good range to think about your modeling on a quarterly basis. I think the key thing about event driven revenue, though, is that as I looked at fiscal year '21, the growth as I said in my prepared remarks was broad base. So it wasn't any one particular contest that drove the growth, it was across a mutual fund proxy, it was across contest that was across capital markets. And I don't think we're looking for any big cont, big one item in fiscal year '22, either. So I think that gives us confidence that we'll return back to the type of average four year numbers that you've seen over the last seven years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
PuneetJain: Hey, thanks for taking my question. So my question is on margins, can you break down expected margin expansion into ICS and GTO? It seems like there are going to be lot of segments specific dynamics like record growth in ICS. And Itiviti and GTO segment this year.
EdmundReese: Yes, so maybe I'll start, Puneet, with one or two comments, and Tim might want to jump in on just the businesses itself. But you look across our businesses, particularly for recurring revenue in our ICS business across regulatory that is volume driven across our data driven solutions, across our issuer businesses. Those businesses really are scale businesses, as we bring on new volume as we bring on new customers, they do come on at attractive and accretive margins in those business. And the same thing as we think about our SaaS platforms and capital markets and wealth management as well. So the margins are quite high there. As we think about the customer communications business, you see a margin dynamic as you move from the lower no margin, print business to higher margin, digital business as well. But overall, I think, as we think about what we expect to do in fiscal '22, and going forward, you can expect collectively will balance the growth in each of those businesses, with our investments and being able to deliver more than the expansion overall in that 50 basis points type range. But, Tim, you might want to add.
TimGokey: I just want -- I was going to add on that almost that last point, which is just we really do think about our margin delivery on an overall basis. And it really can be affected, particularly in any quarter but even in the year across businesses by where investments fall in that year. And but both these businesses have very attractive margin characteristics and margin profiles, but also underlying characteristics as they grow. It creates additional margin. And that is something that really does allow us to continually reinvest in the business, to provide more value to our clients to provide great careers for our associates and long-term growth for our shareholders.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session; I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Well, I'd like to thank everyone this morning for participating in our call. But before we conclude, I do want to highlight two directors who recently joined our board. As you know, our board plays an important role in the oversight of Broadridge. And I'm pleased that we have continued to add valuable insight and diverse experiences. Melvin Flowers, brings along and valuable experience in both technology and finance. And Nazareth brings deep experience at the confluence of corporate governance, financial markets, and regulatory matters. Broadridge's ability to continue to attract this kind of talent to our board, I think highlights the important role that we play in governance and financial markets. We're really excited to have Melvin and Annette joining the board. We just had a meeting earlier this week and were able to be with them, at least virtually. So welcome, Annette and Melvin. And with that final note, I just want to thank all of you for your interest in Broadridge. We look forward to updating you again in a few months, and just are really excited about what we talked about this morning and about the opportunity going forward to really continue to make a difference for our industry and for millions of investors. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
W. Thibault: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com.  
 Joining me on the call today are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second and third page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K.  
 We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found on the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim? 
Timothy Gokey: Thanks, Edings, and good morning. I'll begin with an overview of our key messages and an update on our third quarter results, including our performance against our strategic objectives. Edmund will review our financial results, and then we'll take your questions.  
 It's an exciting time to be at Broadridge, and we have a lot to cover, so let's get started. I'm pleased to share that Broadridge delivered strong third quarter results. Recurring revenues and adjusted operating income both rose 8%. Our results in both ICS and GTO are being propelled by long-term trends, including increasing digitization, mutualization and the democratization of investing. These trends are driving strong new business growth, record growth in the number of shareholders and higher trading volumes. We're also executing well against our strategic growth plan across governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management. I'll highlight some of those initiatives in a few minutes.  
 A combination of those strong results and continued execution against our growth plans is giving us the confidence to continue to invest in our business. We've continued to fund attractive investments in our products, platforms and people, including the pending acquisition of Itiviti. We're also substantially increasing our guidance for fiscal year 2021 on both the top and bottom line. We now expect recurring revenue growth of 8% to 10% and adjusted EPS growth of 11% to 13%. While the new guidance reflects the impact of Itiviti, the bulk of this raise is organic, as Edmund will discuss. The net result of all these points, our strong third quarter results, our continued internal and M&A investment and our outlook for fiscal 2021 is that Broadridge is executing well and is on track to deliver at the higher end of our 3-year financial objectives, including 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth.  
 We remain focused on delivering long-term growth driven by secular trends and consistent investment across our governance wealth and capital markets businesses and, in turn, generate consistent, sustainable top quartile shareholder returns.  
 Broadridge's ability to generate those attractive returns is driven by executing on our clear long-term growth plan. So let me update you on some highlights of our recent progress on Slide 5. I'll start with ICS. Recurring revenues rose 11% to $586 million driven by revenue from new sales and very strong equity record growth. The biggest driver of ICS' strong growth was revenue from new sales, and I'm pleased to see the impact of recent investments on our results.  
 Let me share 2 examples of our focus on product investment and strong execution are translating directly into increased revenue growth. The first is the Shareholder Rights Directive II. Over the past 2 years, we've created a shareholder communications hub, linking millions of investors across the EU with hundreds of wealth managers, winning almost 300 new clients along the way. Now as we enter proxy season, we're starting to see those efforts translate into new revenues helping to drive 80-plus percent growth in our international proxy business.  
 Virtual shareholder meetings continue to be a great example of product investment translating into new revenues. Over the past year, we've upgraded our VSM capabilities to include the latest in virtual meeting capabilities, including state-of-the-art video and audio technology, improved Q&A functionality, one-click shareholder authentication and seamless proxy voting. Those upgrades have helped retain our existing clients and have driven additional growth. We are now on pace to serve almost 1,900 virtual shareholder meetings this proxy season, up from 1,400 last spring.  
 The second factor driving ICS was very strong equity record growth, which was 20% for the quarter. It's clear, the move to reducing trading commissions has triggered a significant expansion in the number of market participants, which contributed to the increase in equity record growth. That strong growth has been broad-based across our broker clients but has been most pronounced at the online brokers. It has also been broad-based across issuers with 20% growth across both widely held stocks and those with more medium-sized shareholder bases. We did see large increases at a handful of names, including so-called meme stocks like GameStop. But those increases only contributed 1 point of the overall growth.  
 Commission-free trading is the latest step in a long-term trend. It includes the rise of ETFs, lower trading costs across all participants and changes in investor interfaces that helps propel high single-digit equity and fund record growth over the past decade. Broadridge has invested to scale its capabilities to meet that rise in demand, increase the digitization of critical regulatory communications and ensure that both new and existing investors get the information they need to understand the risks and participate in the governance of their investments. Looking forward, we expect strong record growth to extend into the fourth quarter with our testing indicating 25% stock record growth for Q4.  
 To close off on governance. Let me touch briefly on regulatory. I want to congratulate Commissioner Gensler on his confirmation as SEC Chairman. As we have with every chair and administration of both parties over the past 40 years, we look forward to assisting by investing in the next generation of technology, to help the SEC achieve its mandate to better inform and protect investors, all while reducing cost for registers and creating a fair return for our shareholders.  
 Let's turn now to our capital markets franchise. Capital markets' recurring revenues slipped by 1% as steady international growth was offset as expected by lower license revenues. We anticipate this period of flattish revenue to continue through the fourth quarter before picking up again in fiscal '22 as we onboard our very healthy backlog. On the strategic front, our planned acquisition of activity represent a significant enhancement of our ability to drive value to our clients. For those who may have missed our call a few weeks ago, let me remind you why we think this transaction is such an exciting step forward for our global capital markets franchise.  
 As a leading provider of order management and trade execution technology and connectivity solutions for financial institutions, Itiviti gives Broadridge a compelling opportunity to extend our capital market service offering. The combination of Itiviti's front-office trading solutions, with Broadridge's leading post-trade back-office capabilities, will allow us to serve our client's entire trade life cycle from order to settlement. With increasing high frequency and algorithm-driven trading, it's increasingly important to serve clients across traditional boundaries. This combination will bring critical data from the back to the front office to improve trading decisions, and it will enable our clients to simplify and improve their front-to-back technology stack and operating model.  
 The combination also strengthens our joint capabilities across equities, exchange-traded derivatives and fixed income, and it substantially extends our global reach, creating significant cross-selling opportunities and enhancing our relationships with blue chip clients. The acquisition virtually doubles our business in APAC and further expands our reach in Europe. That expanded footprint and scale positions us to take advantage of growing mutualization trends in both EMEA and Asia.  
 Itiviti adds more than $6 billion to Broadridge's total addressable market and will drive stronger growth, margins and earnings, as Edmund will discuss in his remarks. Early feedback from our clients has been overwhelmingly positive, giving us added confidence that our front-to-back thesis and our near-term medium growth outlook are sound.  
 Also of note in our capital markets franchise is the continued development of our LTX fixed income trading platform. LTX recently completed the first-ever multi-buyer digital block trade. Enabling a single seller to simultaneously access the aggregated liquidity for multiple buyers is a milestone for the fixed income market, and I hope one of the many steps towards creating a more liquid corporate bond market. To date, 10 dealers and over 40 asset managers have joined the LTX platform. And an additional 14 institutions are signed in the onboarding process, including one of the world's largest fixed income managers.  
 Let's turn next to our wealth and investment management business, where revenues grew by 7%, driven by new client additions and higher equity trading volumes. A key part of our growth strategy is to expand our sales of component solutions. So it's terrific to see new client onboardings across a full range of our wealth and investment management products. We also continue to make progress on building our industry-leading wealth management platform, which will help clients with the digital transformation of their wealth business. We're already live with our average daily balance billing solution and industry milestone. We're currently in active testing of our front office workstation with select advisers, setting the stage for a period of extensive testing of the broader platform before going live.  
 Our sales and marketing efforts with several new clients to this platform are advancing well. Clients see that using the Broadridge wealth platform to drive digitization by seamlessly connecting the back office functions we already provide, with additional select front and middle office capabilities, will drive a stronger top and bottom line by bringing new capabilities to advisers and clients while digitizing financial adviser, branch and back office interactions.  
 Another important part of our wealth strategy is developing a robust partner network to ensure that we can integrate cutting-edge capabilities from innovative partners. Recent partnerships include Fligoo for predictive analytics and [ Core Bank ] for securities-based lending; and [ the Tiefen Group], a wealth management fintech accelerator. These partnerships and others represent ongoing steps in building a network that will enable our clients to rapidly adopt new technologies.  
 Before I turn the call over to Edmund, I want to step back for a moment and reflect at how far we've come over the past year. When I spoke to you at the close of our fiscal third quarter a year ago, the economic outlook was deeply uncertain and from the New York area and much of the world was locked down. My remarks at that time were focused on the steps we were taking to keep our associates safe and meet the needs of our clients in an unprecedented time. Today, after 12 long months, there remains significant challenges and thinking, in particular, of our more than 3,000 associates in India and of their families and friends. But the global outlook is unquestionably brighter, with increasing economic growth marching hand-in-hand with rising vaccination rates.  
 The pandemic has also accelerated many long-term trends, including digitization, mutualization and next-generation resiliency. And the lower cost and friction for investing is bringing in millions of new investors. These changes are clearly having a significant impact across wealth management, governance and capital markets. They're causing financial services leaders to rapidly adopt next-generation technologies. And Broadridge is building the suite of capabilities that will help them navigate and win this period of change.  
 We do so from a position of strength. We started the fiscal year last July expecting 2% to 6% recurring revenue growth and 4% to 10% adjusted EPS growth. Our focus then was on driving enough expense savings to assure that we could continue to fund critical growth investments. Fast forward 9 months, and we are poised to deliver 8% to 10% recurring revenue growth, driven by a combination of strong new sales and healthy financial markets. After achieving our expense targets, we're now investing heavily in new product capabilities, enhancing our global post-trade platform and building next-generation capabilities across digital communications, wealth management and fixed income trading, among other investments. We're also adding talent and investing in our people to make Broadridge the best place for the most talented associates in our industry.  
 Last but not least, we're on the brink of closing our $2.5 billion acquisition of Itiviti, expanding our capital markets franchise and further strengthening our global footprint. And yet even after those investments and the near-term dilution from Itiviti, we're positioned to deliver 11% to 13% adjusted EPS growth. Broadridge is at its front foot and leaning into the opportunities we see ahead. It has been a remarkable year.  
 Looking further ahead, we're on track to achieve the higher end of our 3-year growth objectives, driving strong recurring revenue and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. We see long-term trends continuing to drive demand for our services. And our investments are creating new avenues for growth long beyond our current 2-year objectives. The future of Broadridge is brighter than ever. In my 10 years at Broadridge, I've never been as confident about our long-term outlook as I am on this call today.  
 Before I turn it over, I want to thank our associates. We've asked a lot of our team over the past 12 months, and they're delivering. They stayed focused on clients, and through them on helping to build better financial lives for millions. Let me now turn the call over to Edmund for a more detailed financial review. Edmund? 
Edmund Reese: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As you can see from the Q3 financial summary on Slide 7,  Broadridge delivered another strong quarter. Recurring revenue grew 8% to $900 million. Adjusted operating income also grew 8% to $284 million. Margins declined 60 basis points to 20.4% as we successfully made the investments that we discussed last quarter in our technology platforms, in our products, our people. Our operating income was partially offset by a higher tax rate in Q3 '21 as we grew over discrete tax benefits in Q3 '20. So our adjusted EPS grew to $1.76 in the quarter, up 5% over Q3 '20.  
 Now let's turn the slide and get into the details of the quarter, starting with recurring revenue growth. As I said, recurring revenue grew 8% in the quarter, powered by 7% organic growth, and comfortably within our historic mid- to high single-digit growth performance. demonstrating the strength of our sustainable recurring revenue growth model. As a result of that strong organic growth and an increase in our outlook for the fourth quarter, we're raising our guidance for recurring revenue growth to 8% to 10% for the full year, up from our prior guidance of growth at the higher end of 3% to 6%.  
 Now let's look at this quarter's recurring revenue growth by business on Slide 9. I'll start with our ICS segment, where revenues grew by 11% to $586 million. Regulatory revenues rose 20% to $290 million driven by the 20% equity record growth, higher mutual fund and ETF communications volumes and net new sales, including from our Shareholder Rights Directive II solution that Tim highlighted earlier. We expect strong regulatory revenue growth to continue in the fourth quarter with, our current testing indicating 25% equity record growth. 
 Our Issuer business also contributed to our overall growth rate, thanks to continued growth in VSMs and increased issuer communications. After a strong 12 months, we now have significant penetration of our VSM solution across the S&P 500, and we expect issuer revenue growth to ease going forward as we start to lap the increase of VSM activity that began in Q4 '20.  
 Fund solutions revenue was flat as double-digit growth in data and analytics was offset by lower interest income from custodied accounts in our funds processing business. Customer communications revenues were also flat with double-digit growth in our high-margin digital products, offset by lower print volumes due in part to the pandemic-depressed activity levels. We expect growth in both our data-driven solutions and customer communications business to pick up in the fourth quarter as these headwinds ease.  
 Turning to GTO. Wealth and investment management revenues rose 7%, driven by the onboarding of new component sales and higher retail trading. Capital markets revenues fell 1% as strong growth from international sales, was offset by $6 million in lower license revenues, which declined as expected. As we said last quarter, this flat revenue growth will continue in the Q4 '21 before picking up in fiscal year '22.  
 Let's turn to Page 10, where we show more detail on volume trends. Broadridge's recurring revenue growth benefits from underlying volume growth trends, including stock record growth. Over the past decade, record growth across equity, mutual funds and ETF has grown 6% to 8%. Recently, equity record growth has accelerated to 11% in Q4 '20 and continued to increase through the year to 20% in Q3 '21, surpassing the estimates from our January testing. As I said, we expect these growth trends to continue and reach 25% in Q4 '21. 
 Mutual fund and ETF record growth picked up as well to 7%, more in line with our historical growth rates. We are modeling a return to more moderate mid-single-digit growth across both equity, mutual fund ETF records for fiscal year '22, with stronger growth in the seasonally smaller first half and more moderate growth in the second half.  
 Touching briefly on trade volumes, which you'll see on the bottom of this slide. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of aggregate double-digit volume growth. This growth reflects the increase in volatility in retail investor engagement over the past year, which continued to be quite strong well into the third quarter. More recently, trading volatility subsided during the second half of March, and we expect tougher trading volume comps in Q4.  
 Let's move to Slide 11 for a closer look at the drivers of our recurring revenue. Organic growth at a very healthy 7% continues to be the largest component of our recurring revenue growth, and new sales remains the biggest driver with strong growth contribution from both ICS and GTO. We also continued our long track record of revenue retention above 97%. Internal growth contributed another 3 points as growth in ICS regulatory volumes more than offset the decline in GTO license revenue. And finally, acquisitions. We've now fully lapped all of our fiscal year 2020 acquisitions. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Itiviti to add 3 points to fourth quarter recurring revenue growth.  
 Now we'll turn to Slide 12 to briefly touch on our total revenue performance. Total revenue growth this quarter was stronger than usual, reaching 11%, with distribution revenue contributing 3 points due to the increased mailings that correspond with the high record growth and the increased event-driven activity this quarter. Moving forward, we continue to expect the low to no-margin distribution revenue to decline over time as we focus on increasing higher-margin digital revenue across our governance business.  
 Event-driven communications remain an integral part of our client offering. Event-driven revenues have climbed over the past 4 quarters to be more in line with our historical norms of about $50 million a quarter and reached $74 million in the third quarter, well above last year's unusually low $39 million. Broadridge benefited from an increase in mutual fund proxy activity as well as a rebound in proxy contest volumes and capital markets transactions. We expect fiscal '21 event-driven revenue to be more in line with the average that we've seen over the past 7 years. For modeling purposes, we're assuming $50 million to $60 million of event-driven revenues in the fourth quarter.  
 Turning to Slide 13. Adjusted operating income grew by 8%. Our adjusted operating income margin declined by 60 basis points, reflecting the continued investments that we're making in our technology platforms and product capabilities that we highlighted on our last quarterly call. These investments, which support our long-term growth, have a short-term impact on margin expansion, but we remain on track to deliver approximately 50 basis points of margin expansion for the full year, right in line with our fiscal year '21 guidance and 3-year growth objectives. This formula, forgoing near-term margin expansion and consistently investing in our technology platforms and products to drive long-term sustainable recurring revenue growth, will continue to be an important part of how we manage our business. As a CFO focused on long-term growth, it's encouraging to see us making these types of investments across all of our product lines, giving us momentum towards future growth.  
 Before I turn to capital allocation, let's turn to Slide 14 and spend a moment on another key operating metric, closed sales, which, as I mentioned earlier, is the most consistent driver of our long-term recurring revenue growth. Our $124 million closed sales year-to-date are in line with our performance over the same period last year. We continue to see strong demand for our ICS solutions, including regulatory and issuer communications and data solutions. 
 We remain on track to achieve our full year guidance of $190 million to $235 million for closed sales, which implies a fourth quarter range of $66 million to $111 million. Historically, the closed sales performance in the last quarter of the year has been impacted by the timing of larger deals. A handful of larger signings could propel us to the top end of our guidance range, and conversely, delays could put us at the lower end. And I'll also note that we continue to feel good about our recurring revenue backlog, which was 12% of our fiscal '20 recurring revenues as of Q4 '20 and gives us great visibility into our top line growth.  
 Moving to capital allocation on the following slide. We generated $136 million of free cash flow year-to-date, up $54 million over the first 9 months of fiscal year '20 driven by higher earnings and strong working capital management. During the first 9 months of the fiscal year, we invested $205 million in building out our industry platforms and another $71 million in CapEx and software spending. Our M&A investment through the first 9 months of the year was 0, but that will change with our announced $2.5 billion acquisition of Itiviti, which I'll touch on in a moment. Even after completing the Itiviti acquisition, Broadridge will remain committed to a balanced capital allocation policy, which prioritizes internal investment, growing our dividend, M&A and returning excess capital to shareholders. 
 Importantly, we are also committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, which means we'll prioritize debt paydown over share repurchases and expect to limit ourselves to smaller tuck-in M&A opportunities over the next several quarters. Given our strong free cash flow, we believe that we can comfortably achieve our new 2.5x leverage target by the end of fiscal year '23. Turning to capital returns on the right-hand side of the slide, our dividend has grown and remains in line with our historical 45% payout ratio.  
 On Slide 16, we are on track to close the Itiviti acquisition in the coming weeks. So let me take a moment to give you some additional clarity about the expected impact that Itiviti will have on our financial performance. I'll start with fiscal year '21. We expect Itiviti to add $25 [ billion ] to $30 [ billion ] or 1 point to our full year recurring revenue growth, which equates to 3 points to our fourth quarter growth. And the acquisition is expected to be modestly dilutive to our adjusted EPS growth. In fiscal year '22, we expect Itiviti to add approximately $250 million or about 8 points to our recurring revenue growth. And we expect the acquisition to be accretive by approximately 2 to 3 points or roughly $0.10 to $0.15 to adjusted EPS growth. Please note that Itiviti's results in both fiscal year '21 and fiscal year '22 will be negatively impacted by the accounting treatment of acquired revenue, which will reduce revenue recognition by approximately $30 million in total with 2/3 of that impact in fiscal '22. This revenue haircut is incorporated in the numbers that I just shared with you.  
 Finally, I want to reiterate the commentary that I gave you when we announced the deal, about the impact on our 3-year growth objectives. We expect Itiviti to add 2.5 to 3 points to our 3-year recurring revenue growth CAGR and, after interest, more than 2 points to our 3-year adjusted EPS CAGR.  
 Now turning to guidance on Slide 17. We are raising our outlook for fiscal '21 recurring revenue growth to 8% to 10% from the higher end of 3% to 6%, and that includes one point of growth from Itiviti. We are raising our guidance for total revenue growth to 8% to 10% from the higher end of 1% to 4%. We continue to expect our adjusted operating income margin to expand to approximately 18%, up from 17.5% in fiscal year '20 as we balance near-term returns with continued investments to sustain long-term growth. We expect adjusted EPS growth of 11% to 13%, up from the higher end of 6% to 10%, and that includes a 1-point drag from Itiviti.  
 Finally, as I noted earlier, we continue to expect closed sales in the range of $190 million to $235 million. And before we begin to take your questions, let me share some final thoughts. The Broadridge Financial model is working. We are on track to deliver strong 8% to 10% recurring revenue growth. That growth is fueling our ability to both invest and expand margins. At the same time, our strong free cash flow business model enables us to pursue balanced capital allocation, commit to a rising dividend, fund investments in our platform and products and step up and make a significant M&A investment to grow our capital markets franchise. And finally, thanks to our consistent investment in our capabilities, we are on track to deliver another year of $190 million plus of new closed sales, which, combined with our strong backlog, positions us well for additional recurring revenue growth. The end result is that we're on track to deliver at the higher end of our 3-year financial objectives of 7% to 9% recurring revenue growth and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. It's a great example of how we manage our business to drive sustainable revenue growth, steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth and historically top quartile TSR.  
 Let me now hand the call back to Andrea to take your questions. Andrea? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 And our first question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. 
Millie Wu: This is Millie Wu on for David Togut. So my question is the event-driven business continues to shift back to strong growth after several years of decline. How sustainable is the reason turnaround in the event-driven business? And how high were the incremental margins this quarter? 
Edmund Reese: So Millie, thanks for the question. Event-driven revenue, as you know, is about 4% of our recurring revenue. It's a bit more cyclical, but it's an important part of our total offering. It's high-quality revenue at -- it's a strong margin in that business. And as you mentioned, Q3 has continued to increase and go back to our historical norms. We've done about -- on average, about $50 million a quarter. You've seen pickup in mutual fund proxy business and contests in capital markets. It's not unusual to see us have an unusually high quarter or an unusually low quarter. But over the long term, I do expect event-driven revenue to pick up and grow in line with stock record growth. 
 So during the Investor Day, I came out and said that we've seen 14 years ago, event-driven revenues average for the first 7 years, $180 million. Over the last 7 years, it's been above $200 million. And I feel comfortable that we should anchor in the full year number for event-driven revenue, and we expect it to be at that level as we look throughout our objectives in the '22 and '23 and, again, at reasonably strong margins in that business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Young of Truist. 
Michael Young: I appreciate the guidance on the Itiviti growth contribution for fiscal '21. Would you hazard a guess or any guidance as to how much you expect that to contribute to kind of the long-term 3-year growth guidance? 
Edmund Reese: Yes. Michael, let me jump in there. And Tim, you might have some commentary on the business itself. And we were thinking -- when we were bringing  Itiviti on, first, we were looking for very strong assets in the capital market space after deploying most of our M&A to wealth management and governance over the past 3 years. And the thing that looks great from a financial standpoint for Itiviti is the strong growth outlook. The core business by itself is mid-single-digit growth from a revenue standpoint. 
 I talked earlier that we committed to about $20 million in synergies by 2025 in that business. So you should see high single-digit growth in that business. The recurring revenue models are predictable. They're subscription-like revenues, healthy operating margins in that business. And I think that's a great time to finance it in this low interest rate environment. I also said that we expect, because of that profile, to get to double-digit IRRs in this business. So I think we'll focus on integrating it, but I do expect it to have that high single-digit revenue growth at 30% margin, so a strong return over a very long time for us in that business. Tim, I don't know if you want to add some comments to the profile. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Michael, just remember at the time that we -- and we announced this, we said we were -- we felt confident that we'd be at the high end of our 3-year guide? So in terms of what the impact would be beyond '22, I think that also gives a bit of a flavor. And just to add on to what Edmund talked about strategically, we are really pleased with the way to strengthen our capital markets franchise and really allows us to drive front to back. That has been really emphasized in some of the client conversations that we've had since the acquisition was announced. We've talked to our top 50 clients and have half of them, one, have a conversation about this. And so it's really gratifying to see that level of interest. But specifically in the vision of front to back, and in the vision of having an alternative in the market with someone like Broadridge that is investing in this business. So we feel really good about that piece on the capital markets, and we also feel good about how it adds to our global scale and reach -- and really deepens our relationships with some of our most important clients. So we're excited about it. And we do think it's going to add to our growth and our ongoing organic growth in terms of the rate, specifically bring us to the top end of the 3-year guidance. 
Michael Young: Okay. Great. And maybe just a bit of a departure from that question. But just as we look to kind of postpandemic and reopening and sales trends, are you seeing any increased conversations or willingness of clients to take on new products, new conversions, et cetera? Is that a tailwind at all for the business at this point? 
Timothy Gokey: I would say on the sales side, we are -- it's interesting because we've been this past year, really in the situation where -- I have talked about this before, in terms of originating new opportunities and then working them through the long sort of cycle of business case, requirements and things like that and doing that all remotely. And that's been a very interesting evolution over this past year. I think the productivity has been remarkably good. It is -- we'll see as we get to the end of the year here in terms of timing of some of the larger transactions. But what we're seeing certainly in the -- as people look out is this real pressure for next-generation technology, the digitization that is happening has just accelerated where people want to be, and you'll talk to client after client about who will say, what they expect it to happen over 3 years has happened in 12 months, or over 5 years that happened in 18 months. And so they're really looking to make change. It also means they're very busy. And so it's a matter of getting on their agenda. But we feel very good about our ability to continue to drive our business through net new sales. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. 
Christopher Donat: I had one question. I just wanted to check in as we're thinking about -- as we refine our 2022 fiscal models. With the UBS Wealth Management platform, can you just remind us on where we stand with that? And once it goes live, how that starts to affect revenues and expenses? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Chris, it's Tim. Just on UBS, we continue to have a great partnership with UBS. We continue to support their ongoing technology and digital transformation. There are parts of this that are already live and creating benefits for UBS and its financial advisers. We're continuing to invest for both for UBS and for clients 2, 3, 4, and we're having very good conversations with clients 2, 3, 4. And I think our results show the momentum we have in our components. When we get into the timing of specifically when this is going to happen, it is -- that's really UBS' announcement to make. And when we get to August and really talking more specifically about '22, we'll have a further update then. But right now, I can't comment more on it. 
Christopher Donat: Okay. Understood. And then Edmund, with Itiviti, I'm not sure I caught the comments fully on the impact for fiscal 2022. Well, I guess, first, did you say that the -- and was it $230 million of revenue? And did that include purchase accounting adjustments? And then if we start thinking about fiscal 2023 as the impact of purchase accounting adjustments paid, would we expect maybe -- but optically, that you have higher revenue growth just without the purchase accounting adjustments just so we're thinking... 
Edmund Reese: Yes. So yes, understood, Chris. Thanks for the question. So just specifically on fiscal '22 for a moment, we said we expect it to add approximately $250 million in revenue, and that does include the purchase accounting of about $30 million. I mentioned that about 2/3 of that is in fiscal '22, the other 1/3 is this year in fiscal '21 impacting the revenues that we expect over the next 2 months. 
 That will be about 8 points to the recurring revenue growth in fiscal year '22 and, as I mentioned, about 2 to 3 points to the adjusted EPS growth. And so you can expect growth on that revenue fully in the fiscal year '23 without any further impact from the accounting adjustment that I was just talking about. So we feel good about the contribution that it will make as we end the '23, as Tim said a moment ago, helping propel us to the top end of our range. 
 I'll also add, Chris, when we gave the 3-year objectives, we talked about 5% to 7% organic recurring revenue growth. And we talked about 1 to 2 points from M&A and acquisition, and Itiviti makes -- I think that's what makes us feel good about the objectives is that Itiviti comes on and adds this type of contribution, putting us at the higher end of those 3-year objectives. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Rodrigues of D.A. Davidson. 
Unknown Analyst: This is John calling off for  [ Pete Heckmann ]. Now that you gave additional time to dig into the Itiviti business, I wanted to just see what are the main solutions that you guys see that are best poised for cross-selling? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, John, it's Tim. And we are -- we haven't closed yet. So we'll be -- but we will be digging in. I think on the cross-selling opportunities, there are several. They have a strong position on Continental Europe, a stronger position than we do. And so the ability to bring our products to their clients in Continental Europe and Asia, for that matter, that's sort of opportunity one. Opportunity two, we have a much stronger position in North America. And so the opportunity to help them better penetrate North America is opportunity two. And so those are sort of the geographic opportunities. And then we have the asset class opportunities, and they have a very strong position in exchange-traded derivatives, and that's a more nascent area for us. And so we expect that combined offer to be very interesting. And we have a very strong position in fixed income, and they have a building position in fixed income. And so that's another attractive area. So we think that between the geographic cross-sell and the asset class cross-sell, that there's a really nice degree of revenue synergy built into this. And that, as you know, most of the things that we do, we do really for revenue growth. We're not a buy this slow-growing thing and cut costs, and then going to the next one. That's sort of not our model. So we think this will add nicely to our organic growth for a long time to come. 
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: On LTX can you speak to what sort of participation you have at this point from some of the largest fixed income dealers? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Patrick. Thanks, this is Tim. And I'm glad you asked that question actually because it was sort of in the script there, but we have, just in this last quarter, signed -- I'm not sure if it's the largest, but 1 of the top 3 in terms of fixed income managers, and so that is not on board yet, but it will be coming on board in the next few months, but that was a real milestone for us. So I think the milestones that we were excited about on LTX, and why we continue to talk about it were -- the patent we received on the best execution protocol, which really allows aggregation across buyers and sellers.
 The first execution of an aggregated trade, which is a real milestone and so important because the electronification of trading, as you know, has been a little slower in fixed income and really hasn't penetrated the larger trades, which are the important ones. And so that aggregation capability, we think, really will help unlock the digitization of fixed income. And then the third milestone was really the designing of one of the top -- one of the very top fixed income managers. And so we think that's just another sign and why we're confident, as we go through this year. We're going to continue to see momentum pick up. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. And certainly, I think one of the interesting aspects of LTX is that it's kind of a dealer-centric solution. So I appreciate that you guys have got Alliance did that big trade. You signed up one of the biggest buy-side firms. But on the sell side, are you working with the biggest sell-side broker-dealers at this point with LTX? 
Timothy Gokey: At the moment, I would say we are working a tier below the very largest ones and -- which is a great first mover opportunity for those firms. We're working very closely with them, including Raymond James, as you know. And so we're excited about that. We are in conversations with 2 of the Tier 1 firms, and we'll see how those go. I think what's interesting is when we put -- and as you say, it's dealer-centric, so it really enables them to grow their business, and that is so much about the AI and about enabling them to serve your clients really well. 
 And when you get a trade-in as the salesperson, as the trader, the likely counterparties, the top 1 or 2 were sort of obvious but #25 you might not think of. And what those firms are seeing and they're testing our AI side by side with their AI, and they're seeing that it adds real value in terms of, well, "Who's the #25 first," and I might not otherwise call it. And so it really increased the efficiency for the salesperson and allows them to serve their clients a lot better. So that AI piece, even independent of the marketplace, has real value. And so I think it really makes us some very interesting conversations. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Very interesting. And then switching gears to an expense question here. To what extent does your updated fiscal year '21 guidance reflect incremental organic investment relative to your prior outlook? And assuming there is some incremental organic investment, where are you directing those dollars? 
Edmund Reese: So Patrick, I think we've obviously signaled during the Q2 call that we would continue to invest in the business, and I'll talk a little bit, and Tim, you should jump in on where those investments are going. But again, I'll reiterate that we remain committed to being able to drive adjusted operating margin to the tune of 50 basis points for the year, and I think we'll still be able to do that. But it does include organic investments. 
 I think about them across our technology platforms, Tim mentioned in his earlier remarks across post-trade, across wealth management and our infrastructure. As you think about the network resiliency that we've had over the past few quarters where we've seen record trade volume growth, I would say that organic investment into our infrastructure and technology platforms are starting to pay dividends. You see it in our products as well. 
 Tim earlier talked about the VSM solutions and the SRD solutions within that regulatory business growth. You saw 28% growth benefiting from the investments that we've been making in those solutions. And I almost added on to his comments about LTX where we have continued investments there. And as we think about our 3-year outlooks, no revenue associated with that. So that's an opportunity for us as well. 
 And then the final thing I'd say, Patrick, is investments in our go-to-market and sales organizations, particularly as we think about expanding internationally, focusing on our premium accounts. These are investments that are really, as I mentioned, think drive recurring revenue growth. So we'll continue -- we have been, and we'll continue to be, committed to these investments while producing margin expansion and delivering the high return that we want to drive. 
Timothy Gokey: And I just can't help but add on because it's a topic that we're real passionate about. So it is -- Patrick, I think you know, well, from following us over a long time that it's a key part of our growth model and that we do reinvest when we get the opportunity. And I'm just pleased to be sitting here talking this morning, talking about increased guidance, increased margin, increased investment in our products and our associates. And when I look at the investments we're making in digital, in LTX, in wealth, in multiple areas in governance, including increased investments in data and analytics, and now with Itiviti, we have -- we've never had so many paths that are not just the next 18 months but well beyond that. And so it really gives the confidence to be talking about the upper end of our 3-year objectives but also really what happens after that. And that's why we feel really so good this morning. 
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. 
Puneet Jain: How do you reconcile strong internal trade volume growth in capital markets with flattish revenue? Even if you adjust for $6 million in license sales, it looks like volume growth was much higher than revenue growth. 
Edmund Reese: Yes. So when you think -- thanks for the question, Puneet. When you think about our GTO business, we show that chart that breaks it up between capital markets and wealth management. And the first thing I'd say is, as we were coming into Q2, remember, we're coming in Q3 off of record trading volume comps, 26% combined equity and fixed income and 28% for equity. And that was primarily -- you saw that benefit come through in the capital markets business, and we said that would be a tough comp. As we came into this quarter, so in the capital markets business, you had sort of a harder comp on trading volume and the license revenue impact that brought it to flattish revenue. 
 The trading volumes that you saw, the continued growth, I mentioned, the fifth consecutive quarter of growth was primarily retail trading, and you saw the 7% growth in the wealth management business is the item that was benefiting from that. So you have this tale of 2 cities in our GTO business right now with capital markets coming over higher comps, facing the lower license revenue that I'll remind you was a grow over an issue, an uptick in Q3 '20 revenues, but wealth management seeing the benefit of the trade volumes that we saw this quarter. 
Puneet Jain: Got you. And while it might be a little early, but do you expect any changes in regulatory focus under the new administration and the Chairman of SEC? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Puneet, it's Tim. Yes. First of all, let me just restate what I said before, which is we always work to support the SEC's mission to inform and protect investors, and we've done that for a long time, and we expect to continue to do that. I think when we hear about the focus of the next SEC, certainly, one of the things at the top of the list that we hear about in the market is around ESG and related disclosures for ESG, and how that may be an early focus. And we certainly stand ready to assist and to play the role that we play. I think it's too soon to tell that the business opportunity, but it certainly appears to be an area of focus. 
 I think the other questions are really around the initiatives from the previous administration and the extent to which they will continue or not. We -- there's a lot of conversation about end-to-end vote confirmation. We're hearing that could remain an area of focus, and that's certainly something that we've been a supporter of. We shared with the SEC the result of a successful pilot that we've done with the top 100 issuers showing how that can work. On virtual shareholder meetings, there have been discussions about making the beneficial voting available to all providers, which we've done this season via APIs, universal proxy as an area we support and we stand ready to help. There's a working group that recommended changes there. There were discussions about OBO-NOBO and a working group that really isn't making a recommendation. 
 And then there's a whole conversation around streamlined communications in funds, which we're focused with the previous SEC is unclear. That's going to be a focus for the new leadership, but we support the recommendations, and we'll continue to work to strengthen the industry for the long term. So lots of different things that were on the agenda, that are a little less clear in terms of what their forward momentum is. Certainly, the new things we hear about relate to ESG. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Bauch of Wolfe Research. 
Andrew Bauch: This is Andrew on behalf of Darrin. Tim, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're expecting 25% stock record growth in the fourth quarter. Could you unpack this a little bit? I mean obviously, that's an impressive acceleration considering the level of growth you're at today. And if I'm not mistaken, I believe the comps get harder in that regard. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Andrew, it's a great question, and it's definitely an interesting time. And we're -- just more broadly, we're seeing this, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, just as part of a long-term trend of the democratization of investing. And what we're looking at as we look into the fourth quarter is -- and we do have a fair bit of visibility at this stage into what's going to happen in the fourth quarter because there's a lag between when the records come together and when they go out. So we have testing, but we have good visibility. What I'd say is just -- what we're seeing is very, very broad-based growth. We're seeing it across all different types of issuers. We're seeing it across all different types of broker-dealers, although stronger in online broker-dealers. We're seeing it across industries and we're seeing it across both managed accounts and other accounts, and if not, just focused on meme stock. 
 So like a lot of the things that you've been reading in other places in the press, this rise in equity holdings and rise in participation in the market is very significant. We're also seeing, to a less degree but good interim, record growth, which is driven by stronger inflows and healthy markets. So we're seeing very strong Q4. We often get asked about when the market changes or if the market changes, what would be the impact of that? And we have -- we've done a lot of work going back over the last 25 years of history and events like '99 and '09 and even last spring. And what that would really tell us is that growth flattens, could be slightly negative, but that equity investors tend to stay invested and it is -- sort of reaches a new plateau. So we do think that these levels of holdership are sustainable. We're not modeling the same level of growth in the future, clearly. But we see a return to sort of more sort of normalized growth in the future. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks. 
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As I think you can tell, this is just an exciting time to be at Broadridge. Our business is strong. We're on our front foot. We're investing for growth, and we're on track to deliver at the higher end of our 3-year objectives. We appreciate your interest and ownership. And we look forward to speaking to you again in 3 months to tell you about our fourth quarter results and to share our guidance for fiscal year '22. Thanks again. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.  
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
W. Thibault: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's Fiscal Second Quarter '21 Earnings Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our CFO, Edmund Reese. 
 Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.  
 Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim? 
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, Edings. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start with a special welcome to Edmund Reese, our new CFO, on his first Broadridge earnings call. I know many of you were introduced to Edmund during our virtual Investor Day in December, and I hope you came away as impressed as I have been over the past 2 months. 
 This morning, I'll provide an overview of the key messages from this quarter and give you an update on our progress against the growth plan we discussed in December. Edmund will review our financial results, and we'll close with your questions.  
 Let's get started. After a strong second quarter, Broadridge is on track to deliver another solid year of top and bottom line growth. We now expect to be at the higher end of our guidance range for both recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth. That guidance reflects our strong quarterly results. For the quarter, Broadridge delivered 7% recurring revenue growth, continued margin expansion and 38% adjusted EPS growth in a seasonally small quarter. 
 We continue to execute against the growth plan we outlined in December. I'll highlight later some of the specific steps we've taken on key initiatives across governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management.  
 Our strong second quarter results and outlook for the second half of the year have given us the opportunity to step up our investment. I'm pleased to see us increasing our investment in our technology, products and people to meet our clients' growing needs as they face accelerating trends towards next-generation mutualization, resiliency and digital transformation.  
 Finally, our outlook for the year means we are off to a strong start toward achieving our latest set of 3-year growth objectives, including 7% to 9% recurring revenue growth and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. We remain focused on long-term growth, which has helped us deliver consistent sustainable top quartile total shareholder return. Our focus on long-term growth is the reason why I remain excited by our progress against our clear strategy.  
 Let's turn to Slide 4 for an update on some recent achievements against these goals. I'll start with our governance franchise, where we are delivering next-generation regulatory capabilities, building data-driven solutions for funds, delivering end-to-end solutions for issuers and driving omnichannel communications. During the quarter, we made strong progress on each of these fronts. 
 First, on next-gen regulatory. We're making strong progress on building a European regulatory communications hub for the shareholder rights directive. Two, we're winning new clients across the EU, including major institutions in both Italy and Spain. We're also working with other technology providers, including a leading Danish bank technology player and a leading French government solution provider to deliver Broadridge's SRD II solutions.  
 Broadridge also made strong progress against delivering data-driven solutions to mutual funds. A key part of this effort is our growing data and insights business. Based on our unique data, we enable funds to better understand at an aggregate level who and, importantly, where their shareholders are.  
 The compelling value of these solutions was further demonstrated by a multimillion dollar sale in the second quarter to a leading global fund company. We'll be using our data solutions for multiple use cases, including enabling the repatriation of tens of millions of dollars of dividends to the U.S. shareholders.  
 On the issuer side, we continue to see strong demand for virtual shareholder meetings. During the past calendar year, we hosted meetings for 83% of the S&P 100, and we're seeing strong renewal rates as we begin the lead-up to the 2021 proxy season.  
 We continue to enhance our VSM capabilities by rolling out the first phase of an enhanced platform, which will enable corporate issuers to leverage our unique capabilities around shareholder validation, while using the meeting platform of their choice.  
 Finally, in omnichannel communications, we continued with double-digit growth in our digital communications revenue in the first half, building on last year's strong performance.  
 Let me turn now to our capital markets franchise, where we continue to drive important mutualization benefits to our global clients. Broadridge is already the leading global post-trade provider for cash securities, processing over $10 trillion in equity and fixed income trades per day. 
 During the quarter, we took an important step toward expanding beyond cash securities into exchange-rated derivatives. We announced that R.J. O'Brien, the largest independent futures exchange and clearing firm, has selected Broadridge's global derivatives platform. Our scalable and agile solution will enable R.J. out to streamline and modernize its operations with one unified global technology platform.  
 We're also bringing network value to our clients by extending to the front office and fixed income. As we described at Investor Day, our AI-driven corporate bond trading platform, LTX, remains on track for a broader launch this year. We're now live in the soft launch with select clients, and we continue to receive positive feedback. Full launch with more than 10 dealers and 35 buy-side clients will be later this year.  
 Turning to wealth and investment management. As we laid out in December, our goal is to build a leading technology and operation provider to the wealth management industry by providing both a growing list of differentiated component solutions and by delivering our next-generation industry wealth technology platform.  
 First and foremost, we have continued to demonstrate the value of our leading wealth back-office platform by seamlessly processing the recent spike of record trading volumes driven by high volatility and increased retail participation. These volumes have challenged the industry as homegrown systems have struggled to scale, but our performance has continued to drive home the value of a mutualized industry solution.  
 At the same time, we continue to extend our suite of component solutions, working with multiple partners to bring new and innovative solutions to our clients, and we continue to make strong progress toward the launch of our next-generation wealth management platform with UBS. The net of all of this, across governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management, that we are seeing strong execution on tangible deliverables, coupled with unique innovation that gives us confidence on our longer-term growth is on track.  
 Let's turn now to a brief review of our recurring revenue results on Slide 5. Edmund will cover our financial performance in more detail, but I want to share my key takeaways from our 7% recurring revenue growth in the second quarter.  
 First, I was pleased to see balanced growth across both segments, with 7% growth in ICS and 8% growth in GTO. Second, as I look at the drivers of growth in ICS, what stands out is the impact of strong stock record growth, which reached 24% and, even in a seasonally small quarter, drove strong growth in regulatory revenues.  
 Our business is clearly benefiting from the long-term technology trends that have lowered the cost to retail investors of buying and owning individual shares. These trends, which include the widespread introduction of commission-free trading, are having a broader and longer-term impact on investment behavior that goes beyond the very recent volatility in a few hypo file names. 
 Stock record growth has been healthy across virtually all of our broker-dealer clients, and it's been especially strong among online brokers who are leading many of these changes. As Edmund will discuss, we expect these growth trends to remain favorable in the second half of the year.  
 Third, I'm also pleased to see a strong growth contribution from both our data-driven fund solutions as well as our issuer business. Customer communications revenues were flat, with strong growth in digital revenues, balancing modest COVID declines in print volume.  
 Fourth and last, strong sales onboarding and higher trading volumes are driving the growth in our GTO segment. As I noted earlier, much of the impact from higher trading levels is coming on the retail side, which clearly benefited from our wealth -- which clearly benefited our wealth and investment management business in the second quarter. More important from my perspective is that year-to-date growth in both capital markets and wealth has been balanced at 7% and 9%, respectively.  
 Let me wrap up my comments with some final thoughts about how to put our strong second quarter and first half in context. Simply put, our performance in the first half of fiscal '21 gives me even more confidence that Broadridge will continue to deliver steady and consistent revenue and earnings growth in the years to come. As we shared at our Investor Day, we have a large and growing $46 billion market opportunity, 3 strongly growing franchise businesses and a clear targeted growth plan to take advantage of long-term trends around next-generation mutualization, resilience and digital transformation.  
 We are on track to deliver another solid year of recurring revenue growth, margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth at the higher end of our 6% to 10% range. Our strong results and disciplined cost actions have put us in a position to deliver against the higher end of our revenue and earnings guidance for fiscal '21, while making investments that will sustain our growth through fiscal '23 and beyond.  
 We are investing in our technology platforms and strengthening our product development teams. We're also investing in our human capital by rewarding our associates, increasing our diversity, equity and inclusion and career development investments and upping our recruiting for new talent, all of which will enhance our talent base going forward.
 As we enter the seasonally larger second half, Broadridge is delivering in the short term and investing for the long term. That's a great place to be and a strong formula for long-term value creation.  
 Before I hand it over to Edmund, I want to thank our associates around the world for the important work they do and for their commitment to the service profit chain. Whether they're working from home or socially distanced on the production floor, they are persevering and delivering for our clients at an extraordinary rate. They truly are enabling better financial lives for millions of investors around the globe, and their engagement in this powerful mission is what drives us forward. Thank you.  
 Edmund, over to you. 
Edmund Reese: Thanks, Tim, and thank you again for the warm welcome to our first earnings call as CFO. During my opening remarks at our December Investor Day, I mentioned my excitement joining a company with such a strong leadership team and growth strategy. Now over 2 full months, and I'm even more excited and more confident in Broadridge's ability to execute our simple but powerful financial model. And our strong second quarter and outlook for the full year are great examples of how that model works.  
 As you can see here, looking at the Q2 financial summary on Slide 7, this was a strong quarter of top and bottom line growth across all our key metrics. Recurring revenues grew 7%, operating margin increased 150 basis points year-over-year to 11.2%, and we continue to demonstrate our ability to expand margins, even while ramping up the investment spend that Tim highlighted earlier, which we said we would accelerate during last quarter's call. And adjusted EPS grew to $0.73 in the quarter, up 38% over Q2 '20.  
 Now let's turn the slide and get into the details of the quarter, starting with some of our key operational metrics. Broadridge's recurring revenue growth benefits from underlying volume growth trends, including record growth. Over the last 10 years, equity and mutual fund record growth has averaged 6% to 8% and is a driver of our regulatory revenues. Stock record growth in Q2 increased 24% driven in part by a few large issuers, and I'll remind you to keep in mind that second quarter volumes historically make up less than 10% of the full year total.  
 Looking ahead to the seasonally larger second half of the year, we expect low double-digit growth across stock records. Looking further ahead, our 3-year objectives assume that this increased growth moderates and returns to mid-single digits.  
 Touching briefly on trade volumes, which you'll see at the bottom of this slide, this is the fourth consecutive quarter of aggregate double-digit volume growth. This growth reflects the continued volatility in the markets, which, as you know, spiked last March and April and remains well above pre-COVID levels. As a result, we expect tough trading volume comps for both Q3 and Q4.  
 Now turning to closed sales, the biggest driver of our recurring revenue growth. Our $79 million closed sales year-to-date are in line with our performance over the same period last year. We continue to see strong demand for our ICS solutions, including virtual shareholder meetings, regulation-driven SRD sales across Europe and continued client expansion, cross-selling data solutions to existing customers. We remain on track to achieve our full year guidance of $190 million to $235 million for closed sales.  
 Historically, the closed sales performance in the back half of the year has been impacted by large signings. A large signing could propel us to the top end of our guidance range. And conversely, delays could lower our performance. And I'll also note that we continue to feel good about our revenue backlog, which, as of Q4 '20, was 12% of our fiscal '20 recurring revenue and gives us great visibility into our top line growth.  
 Turning to recurring revenue growth on Slide 10. As I've said, recurring revenue grew 7% in the quarter, well in line with our historical mid-single-digit growth performance in demonstrating the resiliency and consistency of our recurring revenue growth model. With the strong start to the year, we are on track to be at the higher end of our 3% to 6% recurring revenue growth guidance range.  
 Now let's look at the drivers of the quarter's recurring revenue growth. Slide 11 highlights that our growth was primarily driven by our internal efforts. Organic growth has consistently been the largest component of our recurring revenue growth. In Q2, revenue from new sales drove 6 points of growth and remained the biggest driver of our revenue growth across both our GTO and ICS segments. 
 We continued our long track record of retaining 98% of existing client recurring revenue, and internal growth contributed 2 points of growth driven by higher trading volumes in our GTO segment. ICS internal growth was neutral as our strong position growth was offset by the impact of lower interest rates and lower customer communications print volumes. The impact of acquisitions made within the last 12 months contributed 1 point. Barring any new acquisitions, we would expect the contribution to growth from acquisitions to be less than 1 point in Q3 and 0 in Q4.  
 And while we're focused on recurring revenue, let me share some insights on the drivers of growth across our updated ICS and GTO product lines that Tim touched on earlier. These categories were introduced at our Investor Day with the goal to better align our external reporting with our growth strategies.
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Excuse me. this is an operator. There seems to be an issue with the current speaker's line. Just one moment, please.
 Excuse me. I have Mr. Reese to reconnect. Apologies for the inconvenience. Please go ahead, sir. 
Edmund Reese: Okay. So I apologize for the technical difficulties that we just had. I think I dropped off on Slide 11 of our document. So I'll pick up there. Slide 11 highlights that our growth is primarily driven by our internal efforts. Organic growth has consistently been the largest part of our recurring revenue growth. In Q2, revenues from new sales -- I'm not clear that I'm being heard yet. 
Operator: Yes, sir. You are coming through clearly, sir. Please continue. 
Edmund Reese: Okay. So in Q2, revenue from new sales drove 6 points of growth and remained the biggest driver of our revenue growth across both our GTO and ICS segments. 
 We continued our long track record of retaining 98% of existing revenue from existing clients, and internal growth contributed 2 points of growth driven by higher trading volumes in our GTO segment. ICS internal growth was neutral as our strong position growth was offset by the impact of lower interest rates and lower customer communications print volumes. 
 The impact of acquisitions made within the last 12 months contributed 1 point. Barring any new acquisitions, we'd expect the contribution of growth from acquisitions to be less than 1 point from Q3 and 0 in Q4. And while we're focused on recurring revenues, let me share some insights on the drivers of growth across our updated ICS and GTO product lines that Tim touched on earlier.  
 These categories were introduced at our Investor Day with the goal to better align our external reporting with our growth strategies. ICS recurring revenues rose 7%, with strong growth across 3 of our 4 product categories. The biggest contribution to growth came from our regulatory revenues, which were propelled by strong 24% stock record growth and 5% interim record growth. We also benefited from additional growth across our international and Canadian proxy volumes. 
 Revenues of our data-driven fund solutions benefited from strong double-digit growth in our data and insight product revenues and the acquisition last February of FundsLibrary, offset by the impact of lower interest rates on our mutual fund trade processing unit. Customer communications revenues were flat in the quarter as double-digit growth in digital revenues was offset by a decline in print volumes. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, we expect to see the impact of some recent client wins in the fourth quarter, which should put that business on the former track of low single-digit growth.  
 Issuer solutions revenues rose 14% driven by higher revenues from virtual shareholder meetings, which also helped drive growth across a broader set of issuer products and offset the impact of lower revenue in our transfer agency business.  
 In GTO, recurring revenues grew 8% driven by strong growth in our wealth and investment management revenues. Both our wealth and capital markets product revenues benefited from new client onboardings and the impact of the 24% increase in trading volumes versus the second quarter of fiscal 2020, with higher growth coming from the retail side of our clients' businesses. As we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we expect the growth in trading volumes to slowly significantly lap last spring's spike in volatility, which, coupled with the lower license activity, will put pressure on GTO growth.  
 Now we'll turn to Slide 12 to brief in touch on our total revenue performance. As a reminder, on Broadridge's revenue mix, 65% of our total revenue is recurring, about 31% is from distribution revenues and 4% from more cyclical event-driven revenue. This revenue mix has steadily improved since 2017. Recurring revenues comprised 58% of the total. 
 Our total revenue growth this quarter was stronger than usual, reaching 9%, with distribution revenues contributing 3 points due to the increased mailings we saw corresponding to the high record growth and increased event-driven activity this quarter. Moving forward, we expect the low to no margin distribution revenues to decline over time, as we focus on increasing higher-margin digital revenues across our governance business. 
 Pausing briefly on the event-driven revenues, we saw another quarter aligned with our historical norms of about $50 million a quarter, and we remain on track to meet or exceed our $180 million outlook for fiscal '21 event-driven revenues. Going forward, as I covered in the Investor Day, we expect annual driven event revenues to return to the approximately $200 million average that we've seen over the past 7 years.  
 Turning to Slide 13. This was another strong quarter of margin expansion. We increased adjusted operating income margin by 150 basis points over last year. During the quarter, we began to ramp up our level of investment in our technology platforms, product capabilities and people, as we highlighted we would on our first quarter call. While this increased investment is likely to affect margin expansion in the second half of the fiscal year, these investments will support our long-term growth.  
 And I want to underline that point because it's critical to how we run our business. We're foregoing some of the near-term margin expansion that you get from underinvestments in favor of capturing the larger future margin opportunity that is driven by growth. That formula has been a key factor in Broadridge's ability to drive long-term sustainable growth.  
 Moving to capital allocation on the following slide. We generated $51 million of free cash flow year-to-date, up $82 million over the first 6 months of fiscal '20, driven by higher earnings and strong working capital management. Broadridge remains committed to a balanced capital allocation policy, which prioritizes internal investment, growing our dividend, M&A and returning excess capital to shareholders, all while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. During the first 6 months of the fiscal year, we invested $128 million in building out our industry platforms and another $51 million in CapEx and software spending.  
 Turning to capital returns on the right-hand side of the slide, our dividend has grown and remains in line with our historical 45% payout ratio. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, and we've historically generated most of our annual free cash flow, Broadridge is in great shape to pursue attractive targeted M&A opportunities or repurchase shares.  
 Now turning to guidance on Slide 15. We expect recurring revenue growth to be at the higher end of our 3% to 6% range, with higher full year record growth from strong first half trading volumes, offsetting the drag that we expect from lower second half trading volumes. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to expand to approximately 18% from 17.5% in fiscal year '20 as we balance near-term returns with continued investments to sustain long-term growth.  
 And finally, we expect to be at the higher end of our adjusted EPS growth guidance range of 6% to 10%, putting us well on track to achieve our 3-year 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth objective that we presented at our Investor Day in December. 
 Finally, as I noted earlier, we continue to expect closed sales in the range of $190 million to $235 million. And looking below the line, we expect our full year effective overall tax rate to remain at 21%, confirming what we shared on our last call.  
 And one final point on our outlook, we expect third quarter adjusted EPS to be flat or slightly lower than fiscal year '20 driven by increased investment spend and lower license revenues.  
 So before we begin to take your questions, let me share some final thoughts. I told you at our Investor Day that Broadridge is a simple financial model based on sustainable revenue growth, consistent investment, margin expansion and balanced capital allocation. That model has produced steady and consistent earnings growth over time and helped drive strong top quartile of total shareholder returns. Our second quarter results and expectations for the full year are a great example of how that model works. 
 We generated strong 7% recurring revenue growth, propelled by long-term trends. That growth helped drive the 150 basis points of margin expansion, which, in turn, is enabling us to make incremental investments to drive long-term growth, especially over the second half of our year. The end result is earnings growth that positions us well to deliver on our 3-year financial objectives. It's a great example of how we manage our business to drive sustainable revenue growth, steady and consistent adjusted EPS growth and historically top quartile TSR.  
 So now let me hand the call back to Andrew to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Togut of Evercore. 
David Togut: Tim and Edmund, 24% stock record growth may actually be the highest stock record growth that Broadridge has posted since spinning out of ADP in 2007, and I hear the message about reinvesting the excess growth in products and platforms. But as we think about the 2021 proxy season, if 24% stock record growth is a jumping off point for proxy mailings, will you actually be able to reinvest this excess revenue growth fast enough in the second half to actually keep earnings growth within the 6% to 10% growth guidance?  
 And then my follow-up question, which is related, as we think about fiscal '22 and recognizing you haven't given guidance yet, you've got the strong jumping off point with stock record growth, with a lot of secular growth drivers behind that. You've got UBS contract coming on stream this summer. Isn't the setup for fiscal '22 potentially above the long-term growth guide as well? 
Timothy Gokey: Sure, David. And thank you for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a couple of comments and then hand it over to Edmund to also comment.  
 First, I think, certainly, we're pleased with the headline number that sounds like 24%, but I do want to caution that the second quarter is small, and there is some specific names that really drove that. And as we look to the second half, we are seeing certainly very nice stock record growth, but not at that level. So that's just an important starting point.  
 We are really pleased in the investment side. We think that our opportunity here is essentially unlimited relative to our current size, and we see -- we do see many arenas where we're better positioned than anyone to meet real industry needs. So you will see us continuing to invest within the confines of those 3-year targets, and we do have a lot of ability to invest, Dave. So I do think that we will be able to do that. Really, the only thing that would keep that from happening would be if we had sort of surprising event activity in the fourth quarter. 
 Let me ask Edmund to just expand on that, and then I'm going to come back to your '22 question. 
Edmund Reese: Thanks, Tim. And I think you're right. David, thanks for the question. We began the investments also in second quarter, and I think we do have the ability to continue to ramp up as we complete the second half of the year. That gives us momentum going into fiscal year '22. 
 I'll turn it back to Tim and let him talk about '22, but I do think we should expect some modest acceleration in recurring revenue growth and adjusted EPS as we -- if our outlook continues as we expect for fiscal year '21. If we're able to make those investments, they'll contribute to some modest acceleration, as I said, at -- in the Investor Day to '22 and '23. 
Timothy Gokey: Great. And then, Dave, with respect to '22, it is certainly very early to comment on that, so we'll be definitely coming back to that later in the year and in the fourth quarter. 
 We do see some really good secular trends here, and we do feel very confident in our 3-year outlook. I think it's just too early to speculate on anything that's sort of above the long-term trends we see. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Heckmann of Davidson. 
Peter Heckmann: I wanted to see, Tim, if you had any early comments on the SEC. Let's say, the NYSE is looking at, I guess, to push some of the regulatory oversight on proxy fees to FINRA, and I've seen a few initial comments there. But can you talk about where Broadridge sits and how you see that shaking out, including a time line? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes, absolutely. And Peter, I think this is a really good opportunity to step back and look at the regulatory landscape, and I'll work my way to the fees question. But just I think, as you look into regulatory landscape, we have a long history of working with administrations on both sides of the aisle to promote really effective and cost-efficient disclosure. That's really the foundation of our market. And with the increasing democratization that we're seeing, there's a real -- the need for effective disclosure is greater than ever before. 
 The democrat administrations do tend to be somewhat more inclined to extend disclosures and protections, and we're already seeing some of that relative to ESG and fiduciary standards. But even with all that background, they -- we don't really see a substantive regulatory update relative to the things that are happening in our space. 
 So 30e-3 is now live, and it's saving funds money. The comments are in for 498B, and those have been really supportive of the summary concept and -- but people are expressing concerns about drop and prospectuses. So it's not clear whether that will happen. 
 There is a big push for moving to e-delivery, and that's something that we support, and it's really aligned with the idea of summary documents. And then there continues to be, as you raised this question around fees, ICI continues to push for a fee review and is talking about let's move it away from the NYSE, which the NYSE would like to move it away. 
 At the same time, FINRA has responded saying they don't want it either as you go to the SEC, so I think there's going to be a lot of back and forth here. We do feel, wherever it ends up, it will be fine. We have a strong relationship with FINRA, a strong relationship with the New York Stock Exchange, a strong relationship with the SEC. And we really believe that when you look at fees, when you bring all parties to the table, not just the funds, but all parties and have good information that we'll get to a very good place on that. 
 I think it's -- in terms of speculating on timing, I think it's going to be a long debate about who is the right place for it to do. And then if there were to be a review, as you know, the last one took several years to unfold. 
Peter Heckmann: Got you, got you. And then just can you remind us on the rules that have been formalized like 30e-3 and then potentially maybe some insight on 498B, the -- kind of the puts and takes that Broadridge sees over the next 6 quarters? 
Timothy Gokey: Absolutely. So on 30e-3 as -- so that is live now, and that's something that we're really proud of, that we have brought that solution to the industry as a whole. We have, I think, over 130 fund complexes on the solution now. That is a modest benefit to us financially. With respect to -- but not so much as it's really noticeable on the results. It's just a -- it's a modest positive. 
 With respect to 498B, it had a couple of components. There is a -- the most important component was really around moving some of the long-form communications to summary form. We think that would be good for the industry. We think it would be good for investors, and the economics of that are neutral to us. 
 There was some conversation about dropping the annual prospectus. There was a lot of mixed commentary on that as the comments came back, so that seems less likely to us. As you recall in -- when we discussed this, I believe, in the summer call, what we said is the -- we saw potentially a downtick from the prospectus revenue, an uptick from the idea of us being able to create the summary documents for people and really provide an industry solution around that, and we saw those balancing each other.
 If we're to proceed with the summaries, but not with the prospectus downtick, then that would be a plus, but I think this is going to be quite some time for it to unfold. The new administration is coming in. They have their own set of priorities. And so I think, really, the timing of this is highly uncertain at this stage. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Young of Truist Securities. 
Michael Young: Just wanted to ask, you kind of touched on capital return priorities. But in the second half, just wanted to kind of touch on your desire to engage in share repurchase versus maybe looking at acquisitions and kind of what the environment looks like for the acquisitions at this point. 
Timothy Gokey: Absolutely. And Michael, thank you for the question. Look, our capital allocation approach is -- has really not changed, and we believe there's almost unlimited opportunity for us to invest on behalf of our shareholders at really attractive rates of return. 
 At the same time, we believe in the strong dividend. We don't let cash buildup. We only invest when we're confident we can execute well. So that's why you see these priorities around internal investment, dividends, M&A, share buyback in that order. 
 We are definitely looking at M&A opportunities. We think that's an evergreen strategy for us to supplement our internal product development and bring more value to our clients. In this environment, prices are high, and it's unclear whether any of the opportunities that we're looking at will come through at prices that make sense to us. And we have been on the doorstep a couple of times this year and not been able to go through at a price that made sense for our shareholders.
 So I think M&A is something we continue to really look at. There's uncertainty around it. At the same time, we won't let cash build up on our balance sheet. And so if we're not able to execute on M&A, you will see share buybacks.
 I'd like to just ask Edmund to add on to that, if there's anything that I've missed, so just -- Edmund will add that up. 
Edmund Reese: The only thing that I'll add to that, because you have the priorities, right, Tim, is that the reason that we're able to execute on that model, Michael, is because of the free cash flow that we're able to generate. That's historically a capital-light business, generate free cash flows that are at 100% over the past couple of years of adjusted net earnings. It's dipped a little bit as we've invested in our wealth management platform. 
 But the model, as Tim described, is the right one, and we'll continue to be committed to that. If we don't see the attractive opportunities that hit a high bar that we have for M&A, as Tim said, we won't let the cash build up on our balance sheet, and we'll return it in the form of share buybacks. 
Michael Young: Great. And for my second question, I just wanted to ask kind of qualitatively maybe where we are now. And looking forward, potentially coming out of this pandemic or a little bit more of a reopening, does that aid sales volume -- closed sales volume? 
 I know it's kind of episodic in the second half, but just wanted to get a sense of the ability to convert there. And could there be tailwinds if we do get more of a reopening? 
Edmund Reese: So the first thing I'd say is we feel very good about the performance of closed sales so far in the first half of the year coming off of a record 2020, $239 million. I mentioned in Investor Day that, that's been growing at over 11% over the past couple of years. And for the first half, you saw that we're largely in line with the performance that we had at the -- during this time last year. 
 The back half is always tougher for us. That's not anything new. We still feel good about the range that we have. And this environment might be a little challenging in terms of the focus of some of our potential partners on closing the contracts. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, large signing can have us to the top or a delay, which normally means a delay into the next year, not the fact that we won't be able to close the sale can be a challenge for us. But as of now, I think we feel good about the back half of the year and coming in the range that we just mentioned. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. 
Christopher Donat: I wanted to go back to the equity position growth issue and ask if you can help us sort of unpack what are maybe some of the longer-term trends going on there and some of the things that are more near term. And I caught the commentary about how maybe we see a deceleration in growth in the future on the positions. But in terms of -- I get that the volatility right now is a serious driver of position growth, but like the 0 commission trend is certainly something that's going to be with us forever or there are position phenomenon. 
 And then is there anything else going on, on the sidelines, like the number of SPACs? Is that creating new positions that's a tailwind? Or are you seeing particular activity just around certain issuers? Or is it certain brokerage firms that makes you think that it might be more temporary or more permanent? Just kind of help us understand the factors moving here on position growth. 
Timothy Gokey: Sure, Chris. Thank you for calling in. I think on the SPAC side, it's an interesting question. I'm just going to give a couple of comments here and turn it to Edmund. 
 But I think on the SPAC side, it's is interesting. I think it's maybe too early to us to see the impact. But clearly, when there's lots of IPO activity, which is a substitute for, that does help over time. So it's a little bit early on that one. 
 I think we're clearly seeing the extension of healthy trends around the democratization of retail shareholding, and that is building on the prior trends that are still there towards managed accounts and model-based investing. So I think those 2 are building on each other. And -- so I do think that it's going to be something that is longer term.
 Now the outlook does have elevated growth for this year and a return to more typical growth thereafter. But I know, Edmund, you've been looking into this in a lot of detail. So... 
Edmund Reese: Yes, I mean, I think that's exactly right. Chris, I'd like to just back it up a step from what Tim just said. Historically, as I mentioned, 6% to 8% growth in equity positions or so. That's accelerated for the reasons that Tim just mentioned. So the managed accounts and the model-based investments, that was in the mid-single to high single-digit growth previously, and I don't expect any change there. 
 The 0 commission trading, I think you mentioned more retail investors coming in. I think that's good for Broadridge. In fact, they want to engage and interact digitally. So I think that's also a tailwind for Broadridge. And hopefully, that's stable going forward.
 The newer things, the coordinated buying efforts, the SPACs, don't exactly -- yet know exactly how stable that is, and we're not counting on that as we look to our outlook going forward. But as Tim mentioned, that higher growth that we saw Q4, Q1 and Q2, we expect to moderate, but still be in the low double digit for the rest of this year. After that, our assumptions are that we return to mid-single-digit growth. 
Christopher Donat: Okay. All right. And then sort of related issues. Just yesterday, we saw January volume from interactive brokers, so one brokerage firm putting up pretty impressive numbers. 
 And anyway, just as we think about GTO revenues and your sensitivity to volumes there, anything you'd say is -- if we think we're in a period of elevated volume, what that could do for revenue or just how you think about equity volumes feeding into GTO revenues? What's sort of fixed versus what's variable on the revenue side? 
Edmund Reese: Yes. It continues to be -- I mentioned in the opening remarks that we saw, during the March and April time period, a spike in the equity trading volumes for GTO. And I think I showed a slide that showed the equity and fixed income volumes combined there for GTO. 
 But it's continued to be at an elevated level through Q2. And even after the environment that we're in right now, so it's continued to be elevated. But I think as we go into Q3 and to Q4, growing over that high performance in Q3 and Q4 of last year, we will -- that will be a tough comp for us. And so as I mentioned, the Q3 outlook will be overall flat to slightly lower relative to where we were last year, and that part of that is driven by the trade volumes in the GTO business. 
Timothy Gokey: And just one thing I do want to add on top of that, Chris, is just to build off this for a second, which is, certainly, the volatility in January, it was -- it did exceed the peaks of last March. And as we look at our wealth strategy, we've executed really well through that. And some others have been challenged, and I think it just reiterates the power of an industry solution for some of these critical but non-differentiating functions. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Bauch of Wolfe Research. 
Andrew Bauch: This is Andrew on behalf of Darrin. Nice set of results here, and I kind of want to dig into the investments into potential new product adjacencies. Clearly, derivative activity from a retail perspective has driven a lot of the recent headlines, and it's nice to see the GTO brand announcement from last year. 
 But I guess my question is how well positioned is Broadridge to step into really these derivative adjacencies? And just wondering how many more of those types of deals you think are winnable. And how should we think about the opportunity to take share in that arena, outside of typical cash equities? 
Timothy Gokey: Absolutely. And we think that the opportunity derivatives is a really nice one that plays on our whole theme of simplification because it's -- what we've been working on is simplification within cash securities across geographies. So bringing derivatives into that allows people to simplify the number of platforms. And so it's really cost-effective for clients.
 I think that, that is a very nice opportunity for us on top of the cash securities opportunity. It is -- I think it will take some time for it to unfold, as people will be looking for us to bring R.J. O'Brien live. And so I'm not looking to have an immediate impact on this, but I do think that, over the longer term, it's going to really increase the power of our argument around global simplification. And it will help on both the opportunity derivatives and will help with sales on the cash side as well. 
Andrew Bauch: Got it. And then just a housekeeping point, a lot of conversation about balancing investment and growth here. So I guess, was there any -- and how should we think about the margin benefit you saw from your previously announced cost alignment initiatives? And has anything changed from an investment strategy from just even one month ago, at the Investor Day, on how you think about the investment growth trade-off here? 
Edmund Reese: So it's great question. Two things I'd say about it. The higher performance on the revenue side and our ability to be able to get the efficiency gains, expand operating margins through the initiatives, which I'll touch on that we mentioned in Q1, is what allowed us to to make these investments. 
 And so in Q1, we talked about -- roughly about $80 million in cost initiatives, real estate, cloud migration, product realignment, and I think we're well on track. You saw 150 basis points of margin expansion in the second quarter. And I think it's that efficiency that gives us the capacity to be able to make these investments. 
 The second point I'll make, and then I'll turn it to Tim to see if he has anything, is that the investments has been a key part of the financial model in strategy for growth, a key part of our capital allocation program prior to my joining, and it's going to -- we're going to continue to remain committed to it to support the future growth. 
 And I think we have -- Tim mentioned some of these, we have a number of high-returning investment opportunities, as we look across our post-trade platforms, our wealth management platforms. As we look across products and SRD II and VSM and, obviously, our people with our broader sales market strategies. These things help us with growth long term. Might be a little margin compression in the short term, but they help us with long-term growth. 
 So this leadership team is going to stay committed to investing, using the efficiency gains that I just talked about and still delivering the steady and consistent earnings growth that we were able to post and guide to for the rest of this year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Palmer of BTIG. 
Mark Palmer: First question, we're already getting a couple of inquiries from clients about this. Just given the environment and some of the frenzy that we've seen over the past week, plus with the [ Radix revolution ] and what have you, what impact, if any, are you seeing on the GTO side from anything that's going on there? And then I have one follow-up. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Mark, I'll just jump in on that, which is, certainly -- and we are seeing record volumes and volumes that are above what we saw last spring. And the broad point is that we are -- just operationally, we're handling those really well, and that's been a challenging week for the industry. And as I said, a few minutes ago, I think that really reinforces the logic of a mutualized industry solution. 
 With respect to what we think the results -- the impact on the results will be, I'm not sure that we're thinking that these really frenzy things will be sustained, and we think that's a short-term phenomenon. And as Edmund remarked, as we get into Q3, we are going against comparables last year, where there were absolute record volumes. 
 And so we're not seeing -- we're not expecting significant year-on-year growth in -- from trading. And GTO, obviously, we saw revenue from sales and other things. But even with this activity, we think the activity will moderate and will be against tough comps. 
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. 
Puneet Jain: Tim, given that we are almost into this new environment, are you seeing any long-term changes in retail consumer behavior as it relates to physical versus digital delivery of communications or investing through an adviser versus on their own? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Absolutely, Puneet. So I think that we are certainly seeing -- relative to physical versus digital, we saw very strong growth in our digital communications in the first half. I remarked on that, and that builds on a very nice year last year. And we're seeing very strong interest from our clients in terms of digital transformation and working with us to upgrade their infrastructure for digital communications.
 I think I was a bit surprised to see the increase in distribution revenues this quarter, and that's not something that we generally expect. That was really due to increase in both regulatory and event communications. I think we continue to expect that, over the long run, that physical piece will be a smaller part of our business model, and the digital piece will be a bigger piece. 
 Relative to adviser versus digital channels with the sector investing, I think we're just -- we're seeing both. We saw very good position growth across all of our broker-dealers, including both adviser and online. I think, perhaps in terms of number of investors we're seeing with this democratization, the new investors being on the digital side. But if you look at where the money is, it's still definitely on the adviser side. 
 And those underlying trends that we've been talking about for the past couple of years, we don't see any change in terms of move to managed accounts, move to model-based investing. So we think that trend will continue. We do think there's an overlay of a new trend around democratization that will add and bring new investors in, which is why we highlighted the fact that with all these new investors, really, the need for strong disclosure is higher than ever. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks. 
Timothy Gokey: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call and persevering through our technical difficulties. Just knowing this was not conducted on the Broadridge platform, so we'll put that plug in. 
 I just want to say that, as we finish up here, I think my conclusion looking at this quarter and the half is that we are executing on our growth strategy. I think you heard us talk about it multiple times that we are investing for future growth. And we're on track to deliver at the higher end of our recurring revenue, adjusted EPS growth -- range. We feel really good about the 3 years as well. 
 We appreciate your support for Broadridge. We look forward to updating you in April on our third quarter call. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
W. Thibault: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Broadridge's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. 
 Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; and our Interim CFO, Matt Connor. 
 Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides, and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. 
 An explanation of these non-GAAP measures, and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures, can be found in the earnings release and presentation. 
 Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim? 
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. I'll begin with the headlines. Broadridge is off to a strong start to fiscal year 2021. We reported 8% recurring revenue growth and record first quarter earnings. 
 Our performance, in the face of the ongoing pandemic, highlights the resilience of our recurring revenue business model and the power of the long-term trends propelling our results. I'm especially proud of our cost efforts, which helped drive strong margin expansion and record earnings. These cost realignment initiatives helped slow our overall expense growth and position us to make important investments in our people, products and technology. 
 Our strong first quarter results give us more confidence going forward, despite remaining headwinds, and we are adjusting our full year guidance to reflect that more positive outlook. The investments we are making will further drive long-term growth by enabling us to better meet our clients' accelerating needs for next-generation mutualization, resiliency and digital transformation. As I said, it's a strong start to the year. 
 In my remarks this morning, I'll provide you with a brief overview of the results for each of our businesses, give you my thoughts on the factors driving our growth and discuss how our first quarter start impact our approach to the full year and leave us better positioned to take advantage of the post-pandemic environment to drive long-term sustainable growth. Matt will then review the financial highlights, provide additional insight into the measures we're taking to reduce controllable expenses and increase investment and walk you through our guidance updates. As always, we'll close with your questions. 
 Let's get started on Slide 3. Broadridge reported strong first quarter results. Recurring revenues rose 8% to $671 million, driven by balanced growth across both our ICS and GTO segments. We continued to benefit from strong sales onboarding, driven by our record sales results of the past few years. We also benefited from strong stock and interim record growth and higher trading volumes, which offset the cyclical drag through lower interest rates and the tough comp posed by a large license sale in the first quarter of fiscal '20. 
 I was pleased to see event-driven revenues rebound to more normalized levels after a period of lower activity in the first 3 quarters of fiscal '20. At $46 million, event-driven revenues were right back in line with the 6-year average. Adjusted EPS rose 44% to a first quarter record of $0.98. Broadridge benefited from strong recurring revenue growth, the modest rebound in event-driven revenues, and the impact of the cost alignment initiatives that began last year. These cost initiatives, which include shrinking our real estate footprint, a shift to private cloud, selectively restructuring certain businesses and other measures, help keep our costs in check and drove margin expansion in the quarter. Our success in implementing these initiatives puts us in a great position to step up our level of investment in our associates, products and technology platforms going forward. 
 One last point on results, strong sales. We continue to see good sales momentum in the marketplace, building on the strong result in last year's fourth quarter. First quarter closed sales of $33 million were the second highest on record and ahead of our forecast. In setting our full year guidance a few months ago, we highlighted a wider range of uncertainty as a result of the COVID pandemic. Now after a strong start to the year, we feel more confident about our outlook for both recurring revenue and earnings and are raising the low end of our guidance expectations for both measures. We are reiterating our guidance for margin expansion and close sales. 
 Now let's turn our attention to the performance of our ICS and GTO segments, which both performed well in the first quarter. We'll start on Slide 4, for an overview of our ICS segment. ICS reported another quarter of strong recurring revenue growth. Recurring revenues were powered by new sales, continued strong stock record growth and by a nice pickup in mutual fund and ETF record growth. While the first quarter represents only a small percentage of proxy activity, position growth was 16% and remained in the double digits for the second consecutive quarter. We're seeing especially strong position growth at the online brokers, many of whom are seeing 20% growth on the back of their shift to 0 commission trading in a healthy equity market. 
 Mutual fund and ETF physician growth also picked up to 6%. With Travel Steel Limited, demand for a virtual shareholder meeting solution remains very strong, keeping pace with momentum we saw at the end of last year. We provisioned well over 200 meetings in the quarter, nearly 5x more than in the same period a year ago. Post-COVID, we expect most of these meetings will remain virtual. And thus, this revenue is likely to continue. 
 I was also pleased to see that customer communications and fulfillment revenues rose 2% on the back of new customer communication client wins in 2020. Data and Intelligence Solutions also contributed nicely to growth. These drivers were partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates on the cash balances we hold in our mutual fund processing and stock transfer business, which fell by $6 million. The headwind from lower rates will continue to weigh on results in the second quarter before moderating in the third. 
 As I mentioned, event-driven activity returned to more normalized levels in Q1, increasing 13% from a weaker period a year ago, ahead of our expectations. These revenues remain inherently volatile, but it's nice to see 2 solid quarters in a row after a weak 2020. 
 Looking ahead, we see continued strong record growth through at least our fiscal third quarter. One of the drivers of our increased confidence in our outlook is that we now expect full year stock record growth to be in the mid- to high single digits, up from our initial plan of low single digits. 
 Turning on Slide 5 to our GTO business, which continues to perform well. GTO revenues rose 8% to $296 million, driven by the onboarding of new clients. Our platforms also continued to process elevated levels of equity trading volumes during the quarter. While volumes declined from their peak levels in the third and fourth quarters of last fiscal year, they remained well above the levels of the first half of fiscal '20. Much of that growth, however, was offset by the tough comp created by a large and strategically important software license sale a year ago. 
 As we look ahead, we see continued healthy growth in the second quarter, driven by higher equity trading volumes. In the second half, we will start comping the record volatility we experienced last spring, which will weigh on GTO's growth in the third and fourth quarters. So across ICS and GTO, Broadridge is delivering on new client additions and benefiting from strong stock record growth and trading volumes, which helped our business overcome some of the cyclical and other headwinds, enabling us to deliver strong recurring revenue growth. 
 Before I finish, I'd like to step back and share some overall perspectives. With record earnings, Broadridge is clearly off to a strong start to fiscal '21. I believe this start and the overall environment have at least 3 important implications. The first is that we're more confident in our outlook and full year guidance. 
 As you recall from last quarter, we saw an unusual level of uncertainty and, therefore, set a wider guidance range than normal. Now after the strong start, and with more forward visibility, we're narrowing these ranges. Matt will walk you through detail of our updated guidance in a few moments, but I want to call out the primary drivers behind our improved outlook. 
 Our first quarter benefited from strong equity position growth and a pickup in mutual fund and ETF position growth. We see both these trends continuing in fiscal '21. Position growth across both funds and individual stocks have been increasing at a mid- to high single-digit rate over the past decade. Recent innovations, including improved user interfaces and the move to zero commission trading, will only sustain these trends and may well accelerate them. 
 For fiscal '21, our testing shows that recent equity and mutual fund position growth trends are likely to remain in the double digits through the second quarter and remain in the mid- to high single digits in our second half. 
 Next, our GTO business continues to benefit from elevated trading levels, which was an important assumption in our full year plan. While equity volatility has come down significantly from the levels of March and April, it remains well above last summer and fall. The longer these levels remain high, the less downside risk to our base outlook. 
 We're also executing well on our cost realignment. Going into the year, we knew our growth would be impacted by cyclical headwinds, including lower interest rates, which are already having an impact, and by lower trading volumes, which we expect to reduce our second half growth. In order to offset these headwinds, deliver bottom line growth and make critical growth investments in our business, we targeted more than $80 million in cost reduction initiatives for the year. Our ability to execute on these initiatives helped drive record profit growth in the first quarter and gives us additional confidence in our fiscal '21 outlook. 
 Finally, closed sales continue to track our expectations which reinforces our conviction in the value proposition to our clients and the ability of our sales teams to negotiate and deliver on new client opportunities. While headwinds remain, and the economic outlook in course to pandemic clearly continue to be uncertain, these factors, a combination of incremental revenues in both GTO and ICS, expense measures and continued sales traction, give us additional confidence that we are on track and, therefore, to remove the lower range of potential outcomes. 
 The second implication of our strong start is it gives us added confidence to ramp up our planned investments, and we expect to increase our investment in our people, products and technology beginning in the second quarter. We're making targeted product development investments to position us for future growth. And we're investing in our technology platforms to integrate new capabilities, enhance scalability. You'll hear more about these initiatives in our cost program from Matt in a few moments. 
 Our first quarter results have also increased our conviction that looking beyond fiscal '21, the COVID pandemic is accelerating the long-term trends of mutualization, resiliency and digital transformation that drive our growth. The investments we are making will strengthen Broadridge's ability to serve clients in the post-pandemic world. 
 As we move forward, Broadridge will go to market with greater platform reach, an even stronger product development organization, with new digital capabilities, with enhanced technology and operational resilience. In other words, better positioned for long-term sustainable growth. 
 Third, and finally, I want to take a moment to focus on that last phrase, "sustainable growth." I am proud that as a result of our ESG efforts, Broadridge was recognized by Barron's as one of America's 100 Most Sustainable Companies. At Broadridge, we enable better financial lives by powering, investing, governance and communications. We focus on doing well by doing good. That's not a feel-good slogan, it's a core value that we've adhered to since our founding and especially during 2020 in the face of unprecedented challenges. 
 Our approach is grounded in the service profit chain. The idea that success is mutual with highly engaged associates providing world-class service to satisfied clients, which, in turn, creates growth and attractive returns for shareholders. We're proud to have been recognized as a great place to work in the U.S., Canada and India. Today, as part of that focus on associate engagement, we're investing in next-generation diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 I'm pleased to note that we promoted one of our senior business leaders to become our Chief Diversity Officer, with a mandate to ensure that Broadridge remains a great place to work for all of our talented associates. 
 Any focus on doing good has to come with an awareness of the environment and of climate change. According to the EPA, paper still accounts for the largest source of U.S. municipal solid waste. We are proud to have eliminated more than 80% of the paper from our clients' fund and issuer communications, and we're determined to drive increased digitization going forward. 
 In addition, we've eliminated almost 1/4 of our own Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions since 2013, and we're committed to reducing these emissions by another 15% by 2025. I urge you all to read our 2020 sustainability report, which is available on our website, to understand how we integrate sustainable ESG practice into our business. As ESG investment continues to grow, these measures ensure that Broadridge remains well-aligned with that trend, and there are another reason to believe in our long-term sustainable growth. 
 Before I turn it over to Matt, I want to remind all of you of our upcoming Investor Day on December 10. We're looking forward to showcasing the depths of our management team, providing more insight about our growth strategy across governance, capital markets and wealth and investment management and sharing our updated 3-year growth objectives. 
 Let me close by thanking our associates. Their tenacious focus on serving our clients and their ability to adapt to the new work environment continues to impress and underpins all our operational, client and financial success. Matt? 
Matthew Connor: Thanks, Tim. I'll begin my comments with several callouts on Slide 7. First, a strong quarter. This was an exceptional first quarter of top and bottom line growth, highlighted by our record adjusted EPS. 
 Second, event-driven revenue came in right at our 6-year average first quarter number. This result was ahead of our expectations and 13% above the weaker first quarter of last year. 
 Third, cost alignment initiatives. Our record earnings this quarter, coupled with strong cost discipline, drove an impressive 390 basis points of adjusted operating income margin improvement. 
 Fourth, investments. That strong focus on cost controls and record earnings enabled us to begin deploying dollars against our planned fiscal year 2021 investments. While we took a cautious approach to fund these investments in the first quarter, we expect our investing activity to pick up meaningfully over the remainder of the year. 
 And fifth and the final call out, our full year guidance. We are updating our fiscal 2021 guidance to reflect our strong results and increased confidence in our outlook for the full year. We remain well on track to deliver another year of top and bottom line growth, even in the face of the pandemic, while making meaningful investments to ensure we are well-prepared for the recovery and continued long-term growth. 
 Let's turn to Slide 8 to review our revenue growth drivers. Total recurring revenue grew 8%. The biggest driver of this was growth from onboarding new business, which contributed 5 points of growth and the carryover impact of acquisitions, which contributed 3 points of growth. Internal growth was neutral, though we did see an uptick in our GTO segment, which Tim walked you through earlier, offset by marginally negative internal growth in our ICS segment, which, as a reminder, was the impact of lower interest rates. 
 Let's turn to Slide 9 for a closer look at event-driven revenues. We saw an unexpected, yet welcome, rebound in event-driven activity this quarter. Event-driven revenues grew 13%, putting this quarter right at the average Q1, based on our recent history. The increase this quarter was primarily due to mutual fund proxy activity, offset by comparative low levels of equity contest and special meetings. 
 Looking ahead, we are holding our outlook for event-driven revenues flat with last year. While recent quarterly trends have been encouraging, it's still early in the year, and we have no visibility into a proxy campaign by a major mutual fund complex. Given the quarterly ebbs and flows of these revenues, we think this is the most prudent approach. 
 Let's move to Slide 10. Strong revenue performance in the quarter was a big contributor to 45% growth in adjusted operating income and 44% in adjusted EPS, our strongest Q1 earnings ever. The other big driver of our upside was the progress we are making in executing on the cost alignment initiatives we mentioned last quarter. 
 As you may recall, these cost measures were put in place in order to allow us to deliver continued growth in fiscal '21, while making investments to position us for future growth. You can see the impact these expense measures are having on our operating expense growth. Excluding the non-GAAP charges, operating expenses were up only 3%, with most of that coming from acquisitions. As you would expect, we benefited from lower spending on travel and entertainment, but the biggest impact came from our cost realignment initiatives that we undertook at the end of fiscal '20 and beginning of fiscal '21. 
 Let me walk through some of the measures we are taking. A key part of these initiatives was our focus on realigning our real estate footprint. All told, we are closing or shrinking over 40 offices, impacting more than 40% of our total number of office locations around the world, which accounts for approximately 10% of our total real estate footprint by square foot. As a result, we incurred a $29 million charge in the first quarter related to these actions and expect another $5 million or so in the second. We expect to realize meaningful annualized savings as a result of these measures and believe that what we have learned through the pandemic will continue to influence on how we utilize our real estate and offices. 
 Another example of our cost initiatives was our move to the private cloud. In addition, we also took active measures to streamline expenses and reduce headcount in underperforming product lines. In total, we expect these cost realignment initiatives to result in savings of more than $80 million. 
 The progress we have made with our heightened focus on cost controls, coupled with record earnings this quarter, enabled us to accelerate deploying dollars against our targeted fiscal year 2021 investments, and our investing activity should pick up meaningfully for the remainder of the year. 
 We have now greenlit most of our planned investments for this fiscal year, which are focused around our people, platforms and technology. Some of these investments, I'd like to call out specifically, include expanding and broadening our virtual shareholder meeting capabilities, providing additional enhancements and developing new digital products, our LTX corporate bond trading platform and additional wealth capabilities. 
 Lower taxes also contributed to our earnings per share growth. Our effective tax rate was about 2% lower than in the prior year period, driven by ETB of $9 million. Our revised guidance includes a full year total benefit from share linked compensation of $16 million, up from $12 million. However, we continue to expect our full year overall tax rate to remain at 21%. 
 I'll now touch briefly on our capital allocation and our balance sheet on Slide 11. Free cash flow is typically negative in the first quarter, and that was again, the case this quarter, as we generate a free cash flow of negative $50 million. The difference between this and the same quarter last year is primarily due to our higher net earnings, strong working capital management and an $18 million gain from the planned sale of hardware assets to IBM, as a result of the private cloud agreement we announced last year. 
 We also seamlessly paid off $400 million of senior notes that matured this September. Our uses of cash highlight our commitment to balance capital allocation. First, CapEx remained relatively consistent. And second, dividends paid thus far represent our commitment to provide returns to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. That commitment was underscored by our Board's decision last quarter to raise our annual dividend by 6%, the 14th consecutive year with an increase. 
 As we've mentioned on previous calls, we continue to ramp up our platform development and new client conversions. A significant portion of this increase remains attributable to UBS, and the continued development of our global post-trade technology platform. Linking these product development efforts to long-term client contracts gives us the confidence and ability to accelerate our product development efforts. 
 In conjunction with our revenue backlog, we view this spend as a positive sign of our growth and future cash flow, and it will continue through this year. And just as a reminder, you should expect no change to our capital allocation strategy or leverage targets going forward. 
 And now I'd like to sum it all up what you've heard here today and review our updated fiscal '21 guidance, turning to Slide 12. Based on the strong performance we've discussed today, we are updating our guidance, as shown on Slide 12. I think you all know that first quarter is our smallest of the year, and we typically would not make any adjustments to our outlook at this time. 
 That said, as we went into this year, we saw an unusual level of uncertainty and therefore, gave guidance that was wider than typical. Now, after a strong start to the year and with more forward visibility, we are much more confident in our outlook for both revenue and earnings. As a result, we now see recurring revenue growth of 3% to 6% for the full year, and adjusted EPS growth of 6% to 10%. We are also updating total revenue guidance to 1% to 4%. 
 Our guidance were approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion and closed sales of $190 million to $235 million remains unchanged. These changes removed some of the more negative potential scenarios from our outlook, and show our confidence in delivering a more typical Broadridge year, albeit with more investment to take advantage of accelerating trends that benefit our business model. And like Tim said, we also now expect full year stock record growth to be in the mid- to high single digits, up from our initial plan of low single digits. 
 We remain confident in our ability to grow through the headwinds we discussed last quarter, which still remains, especially the tough second half comps on both the GTL and ICS side, and a continued drag on our mutual fund retirement business from lower interest rates. We do expect second quarter earnings to be lower than in the first quarter and more in line with historical averages of 12% to 14% of our full year earnings. Embedded in that view are our expectations for event-driven revenues of approximately $40 million, a more normalized tax rate and the impact of the increased investment spend I noted. 
 So let me close where I began. We delivered strong first quarter results with record earnings powered by higher revenues, including higher event-driven revenues and strong execution of our cost alignment initiatives. Those strong results put us in a position to begin to ramp our planned investment spend. Last, we are updating our full year guidance to reflect our increased confidence in the outlook for FY '21. All in all, we are well on track to deliver another year of top and bottom line growth, and this is all while making the meaningful investments embedded in our guidance to ensure we are well-prepared for the recovery and continued long-term growth. 
 And with that, we'll turn it back to our operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Melissa? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 The first question today comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. 
Darrin Peller: It's good to see these trends and the flow-through to guidance with confidence. When we risk weight this guidance, can you just touch on what you need to see to come through to reach the maybe the low end versus the high end of the ranges? Maybe on the underlying drivers of the business and perhaps touch on what you guys have control over as well? 
Timothy Gokey: Sure, it's Tim. I will start, and then I will let Matt comment a little bit more. I would say first of all, just in terms of guidance, we were rather pleased with the strong start of the year. And as we said, it really confirms our confidence in the full year. We are -- as I said, we're seeing strong stock record growth and we're seeing good trading volatility as well. 
 When we think about what it would take for the top and bottom ends of this, it really comes down to continuing to see the growth that we are seeing, Darrin, in position growth and in what we're seeing around equity and fixed income trading volumes. So let me just hand it to Matt to comment a little bit more on the details of that, and then I can finish up. 
Matthew Connor: Sure. So Darrin, we had forecasted, in the first half of the year, that volatility in the equity trade volumes to stay high and kind of moderate a bit in the second half. And going against our higher comps. So I think seeing these next few months come in at where we thought they would be is really important. And as Tim said, that stock record growth, kind of the mid- to the high level single digits in the second half, which is also kind of against a pretty high comparable, would be the 2 big things. 
Darrin Peller: I think the other piece -- is just on the earnings side, is really that we have a lot of investment plans and that we are able to execute on those, because it is -- while it's all planned, it is -- sometimes it doesn't come through all the way. So making sure that we get those executed, which we think is important for our future, is one of the things we're working on as well. 
Matthew Connor: Yes. I was actually going to make that my next question, which is really just where -- just given the backdrop of this environment, it sounds like you really are trying to capitalize on these tailwinds with investments. Tim, can you just give us a little bit more explanation or disclosure on where you want to put the money in terms of, number one, what specific business lines, the way we look at it from analysts, the way you report. 
 And then when we would expect to see returns on those investments, just given that I think you're really stepping up and it's going to impact the margins some degree, at least. 
Darrin Peller: Yes. I think if you think about our investments around really making sure that we are very well-positioned post pandemic, they fall in a couple of categories. It's a big category of just, I'll say, very foundational investments in our product organization, in our technology organization and platforms to just really make sure that we have the best foundational capability. I think you've heard me talk about this before in which we believe the opportunity for us is basically unlimited, if we are good enough. And so making sure we -- while we have the ability here to make those foundational investments, is important. And I think the returns on those are more long term in nature. 
 The third category investments are targeted product investments. And whether that is in accelerating, we're doing with the shareholder rights directive and accelerating what we're doing with virtual shareholder meetings, around some of our wealth products with our digital capabilities, those -- we have a whole road map of -- as all technology companies do have a road map of things we want to do and being able to accelerate some of those things. And I think the return on those, we would begin to see more near term and even see some returns on that next year. 
 And then the last category is in go-to-market. And as you know, we're growing rapidly international, internationally putting money behind that, putting money behind our brand. And again, I think the returns on those things are probably in the 18- to 24-month range. So all in all, I think we feel really good about it, and we feel what we're seeing with the pandemic is just accelerating trends that were already out there. But as you heard from many others on other calls, I'm sure it's -- 5 years of change in 6 months. And we really want to be in a position to help our clients with that. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. 
David Togut: Good to see the first quarter outperformance and the upgraded guidance for fiscal 2021. Just starting off on bookings. Closed sales were down 13% year-over-year, although that was after a 55% increase in June. Can you dig into the new business pipeline a little bit, Tim? And where you think you might land in that closed sales range for this year, $190 million to $235 million? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Absolutely. And the one thing I'd point out when we talk about the comparison to last year is that last year's first quarter had an important strategic sale in it. And so it was, by far, a record. So this is our second highest ever, first quarter. And if you take out the strategic sale from a year ago, we really -- we like the way the comparable lines up. 
 I think, generally, we are seeing the pandemic, as I mentioned a moment ago, is accelerating the trends that benefit our business model. And as we look at what's happening on the sales side, certainly, we're seeing continued ability to close sales, so that's good. 
 I think the other piece is just what are we seeing in terms of pipeline generation. And we feel pretty good about that. We are -- we generated a pipeline in the first quarter. If you look at our core deals, taking out the strategic ones above last year and above our 3-year average. And longer term, probably not for this year, but there's some longer-term more speculative conversations that are very promising. 
 So I think overall, we feel good about sales for the year. We're holding guidance at this point. But I think we'll feel that they'll come in very solidly. 
David Togut: Understood. And just as a follow-up, can you update us on the timeline to onboard the big UBS contract? Is that still on track for, call it, July of next year? And then your ability to build on that and bring in other big customers on that platform? 
W. Thibault: Sure. And it was great to hear UBS talked about this on their recent earnings call. And it's great to hear their comments reinforcing the positive impact that this is already having. They've introduced a change in advisory billings, which they believe is going to be very positive. And just to be fully aligned with what they said, they talked about next summer. 
 So I'm just going to leave it at that because I want to be aligned with what they said. I think, more broadly, that wealth remains a key focus area. We're continuing to invest in our capabilities. As you know, we've been pretty active in M&A in that arena. Those recent acquisitions, RPM and Rockall are really, really performing well. As we look at the interest in -- specifically in the wealth platform and building in UBS, we're seeing very strong interest from our existing clients that want to upgrade and evolve into this new ecosystem. I would say that significant platform sales to new clients at this stage are unlikely before we complete the UBS go live, but there are definitely positive conversations. 
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Heckmann of D.A. Davidson. 
Peter Heckmann: Tim, could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about M&A right now and capital allocation? The kind of weighing stock buybacks against M&A, but as well, what you're seeing in the marketplace in terms of valuations and seller expectations? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. And I'll let Matt comment on this as well. Let me just say a couple of things and have him comment. But certainly, pre-tuck-in M&A is an important part of our balanced capital allocation framework, and we've been pretty active over the past few years. I think you know that our strategy is very -- or tightly aligned with our franchises, which I think has given us attractive returns. 
 At the same time, what we're seeing right now is pretty high valuation levels. And so while we continue to look at lots of things, the levels are high. And so we're being very cautious. I think if you do see us transact on the M&A side, you'll know that it's something we have real conviction in and that we think really aligns well strategically. Let me just let Matt comment a little bit more on overall capital allocation and balance sheet. 
Matthew Connor: Sure. Sure. So we're still in a very, very strong place in terms of our balance sheet. We're at that 2.0 ratio at this point. And as Tim said, valuations are very high right now, but we are in the midst of talking around a number of different opportunities. So we'll manage ourselves to what's the right thing to do from an acquisition versus buyback, and we're always committed to the dividend delivering that. 
 So I don't think you'll see much of a change in terms of where we have been over the last several years. It's always been a little bit of an ebb and a flow, in terms of where we are from a buyback versus acquisition. So we'll be in that same spot. 
Peter Heckmann: Got it. That's fair. And then just the equity proxy revenue growth number just really was very impressive. And definitely heard you call out the other position growth, record growth. Anything else that might account for some of that strength within the revenue number itself or just primarily driven by individual investors holding more positions? 
Matthew Connor: It's generally individual investors holding more positions. And as you look at kind of those Internet advisers, the activity that's happening on the retail investors is significantly higher here in the first half than what we had expected. We expect that to continue through the first half, and then we get up against some tougher comps in the second half from the growth that we saw at the end of FY '20. So that will moderate itself down into the kind of mid- to high single digits at that point. 
Peter Heckmann: Got it.  Got it. 
Timothy Gokey: And I'd just add one thing. The first quarter, it's a small quarter. There's sort of a lot of small numbers. So while the revenue grew 35%, stock record growth was 16%. And the -- there are always a few one-offs sort of in the previous year or this year, they can make the percentage changes in revenue look, sort of unusual in such a small quarter. But I think keying off that sort of greater than double digit for the first half is the right way to think about it. 
Matthew Connor: And there was a little bit of shifting from last quarter to this quarter in terms of some of the handful of some of the large-cap companies in terms of pushing out. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. 
Christopher Donat: I just wanted to follow up on Pete's question on position growth. I'm just trying to understand if it's more on the online brokers, and I'll use the name, Robin Hood, driving a lot of activity? Or if it's more robo advisers or call it like a betterment or wealth front, which have the direct indexing that might be causing more position growth as people directly own stocks rather than the index? 
 And this is something we've talked about before, Tim, but just want to make sure I'm understanding some of the dynamics of what's driving the equity position growth. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I would say, first of all, it has been -- and I'll let Matt add on to this, but it's been strong across the board. It has been certainly strong at the large online brokers. And the -- some of the other ones you mentioned are -- while they had very good growth, they're small enough that it doesn't really affect us. 
 And Robin Hood is, certainly, a phenomenon -- is not a driver for Broadridge. But really, if you look at specifically the large online brokers, big changes there, 20-plus percent and -- but really good strength across the board to get this number. 
Matthew Connor: But I would let you know that the direct index is really not a major driver for us at this point. And I think just to remind also, we don't get paid for less than a single share. So those fractional shares aren't going to drive anything for us in some of those smaller holdings. So it's really more on those long line trades that are happening from the direct consumer. 
Christopher Donat: Okay. That's very helpful. And then thinking about on the mutual fund side of positions. In October, we had the announcements of Morgan Stanley with Eaton Vance, and then some activist involvement potentially pushing for a Janus Henderson-Invesco merger. 
 Can you just remind us how mutual fund mergers have worked out for you in the past? It seems like that's been a driver of campaigns for kind of repapering mutual fund positions. But -- just help us understand how mutual fund industry consolidation might affect you on the position side and maybe anywhere else that could happen? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I think on the -- for mutual fund consolidation, we, certainly, are seeing consolidation. I think we would expect there to be ongoing consolidation in the asset management industry. I think you have to disentangle the long-term impacts and the near-term impact. 
 So let me just start with the long-term impacts, which is we get paid, as you know, by position. And typically, the positions don't go away. So when 2 companies come together, it really -- it doesn't necessarily affect us one way or the other from a long-term perspective. 
 On the near-term perspective, it's definitely true that typically, they have to go to a vote for the shareholders and that, that can create some near-term event-driven activity. 
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. 
Puneet Jain: Good quarter. So I understand like this is like a small quarter for sales, but can you comment on pace of activity in pipeline? And also on implementations given uncertainty from rising COVID cases and the upcoming elections? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Absolutely, Puneet. So on the sales pipeline side, and it's definitely something that we have been monitoring to understand because we had -- clearly had a very strong Q4 and many of those had already been originated and run the one yard line. So what -- we definitely learned is we can close. And so we've been monitoring around whether we can originate new opportunities. 
 And so now I think the larger opportunities are a bit lumpy. If you look at our sort of core opportunities outside of the strategic sales, what we're seeing is nice growth in those year-on-year and a nice multiyear trend of growth in this quarter being really a continuation of that trend. So I'd say, on track. 
 If you turn it to the implementation side, I think that one of the things that has been surprising to us, although we hear it from others, so it's not, not unique to us. It is being experienced by the industry is that our productivity in a remote environment has been -- really has not been effective. It is -- if anything, it's slightly better. And in particular, our ability to engage our more remote teams where we have -- maybe have skills that are geographically separate, our India team. 
 All of that is working extremely well. And so we really have not seen any slowdown in the pace of client implementations. And similarly, in terms of clients' ability, the one thing that we've been worried about is would they be able to focus on working with us. And we haven't seen that to be affected either. So our productivity and their productivity really has continued to be solid. 
Puneet Jain: Understood. That's good to know. And how should we think about COVID-related cost cuts? Could some of those cost actions like facility footprint you talked about be like a permanent cut versus like more like a temporary reduction? And as people start returning to office, you'll invest again in facilities? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Great question, Puneet. We are really using this opportunity. Let me just talk about sort of the future of work for a second, and I'll come back to the broader cost initiative. We are really using this opportunity to lean into the future of work. And as we talk to our associates around the globe, what most of them are saying is they are looking forward to coming back to the office, but not every day. 
 And I think we have all learned from being on video conferences all day long that it can be very, very effective, particularly as I mentioned, for engaging people from our more remote offices. So when we look at our -- how we're thinking about real estate in the future, we're thinking about it as sort of hub, not home. And again, when you -- under that whole theme of accelerating things that probably needed to happen anyway, as we have done acquisitions, we have accumulated smaller offices, where it's more difficult to have the sale for associates to have everything they need to operate effectively. 
 And so being able to trim it actually fairly significant number of offices only about 10% of our square feet. But trimming that, moving to hoteling, moving to other things that we think are really the future of how people interact, we think will set us up well for the future. And those changes will be permanent. 
 As we look at the cost changes that we've made, there's certainly some of them, like travel or things, that are this year. But there's a lot of it that is structural that we expect to continue in the future. And just going to see if Matt wants to add anything on to that. 
Matthew Connor: No. I think you got it. And that hub idea, think about in a city where we had three sites before, we're going down to one site. We're consolidating into one. So they're -- some of them are pretty simple kind of actions, but it's not going to change in terms of when folks start to come back to work, are we going to do more? 
 And then we talked about what we've done with IBM and our private cloud. That is something that's going to be permanent in terms of savings that we're going to get from that. 
 So as Tim said, there's a mix in terms of some of which is this year. And T&E, for example, there's definitely a bigger benefit this year, but I do think that we'll have a whole new way in terms of how we look at T&E across, in terms of how we travel and interact with the video that's become so easy to do and for us to get in contact with our clients. 
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: So a handful of major broker-dealers sent the SEC a letter during the quarter, recommending that electronic delivery of regulatory documents becomes the default rather than the opt-in. Where do you think this proposal might head? And what would be the impact on Broadridge if it did, in fact, get implemented? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. That is -- we worked with SIFMA on creating that letter. We do think that digital delivery is the future as we certainly have talked about. And so we're supportive of this direction. The -- in terms of its near-term likelihood of any change, I think there's going to be a -- it's going to be hard to get anything through the SEC in this administration. 
 And irrespective of the outcome of the election, Jay Clayton has said that he's stepping down, and there's already sort of change at the top there. So I think there will be a slowdown in things going through the SEC. But longer term, this is something that we believe can be more engaging for investors save the industry money. 
 Now the key is to make the delivery of those documents, if what you're getting is a link to go someplace and log in, you get a big drop-off. If you send a -- send the document directly, it's okay. Is it a really long and complicated document? A summary version is much better. So making what people receive as engaging as possible, making it interactive, making it clickable, that's really some of the investments that we talked about that we're doing to really help our clients with what is truly a digital transformation. 
 When you think about the amount that large wealth management firms and fund companies spend on outbound communications, really making sure that they're getting strong return on that and that they're using it to really engage their clients, we think, is a big opportunity. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. And then now that the E*TRADE sale to Morgan Stanley has closed, are you in a position to provide an update regarding the status of your E*TRADE relationship? 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. What I would say on that, Patrick, is it is a very complex integration, and it's something that Morgan Stanley continues to study in terms of what they want the -- their sort of long-term approach to be in terms of how and whether they combine those platforms. And irrespective, we expect that once they do decide that, it will be -- to whatever it is, it will be a multiyear transition. So I think it's still a ways out. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks. 
Timothy Gokey: Well, I would like to just thank everyone for joining this morning. We are pleased with the strong start to the year that really increases our confidence in delivering in fiscal '21, and our confidence in the long-term trends that are propelling our growth and helping us help the industry. 
 We look forward to updating you further at our Virtual Investor Day on December 10, and we look forward to seeing all of you then. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-08-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Matt Connor - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Alexis Huseby - D.A. Davidson & Co. Kenneth Hill - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc. Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations and Corporate FP&A. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning all and welcome to Broadridge's fiscal year 2020 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO; our CFO, Jim Young; and Matt Connor, our incoming Interim CFO. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders; we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Edings. Three months ago, I spoke to you about the twin challenges of the global health and economic crises and, in particular, about the impact COVID has had on so many in the Greater New York area. Since then, while the environment is better in many respects, the outlook remains highly uncertain and now includes an increased focus on racial justice. In this complex environment, I remain incredibly proud of how Broadridge's more than 12,000 associates are continuing to step up supporting our clients, coworkers and families, while staying engaged in our communities. As COVID continues, our first priority remains the health and safety of our associates. We continue to deploy extensive safety protocols for our essential workforce, which include temperature checks, social distancing, and the use of personal protective equipment. Our non-production offices have remained closed and no associates will be required to return before January, a date we continue to assess. Despite those challenges, Broadridge has not missed a beat in serving clients, closing sales, and developing new products. We've continued to process high trade volumes and record numbers of shareholder communications. As a result, Broadridge delivered a very strong quarter that drove strong fiscal year 2020 results, including 10% recurring revenue growth, 8% EPS growth, and record closed sales. Our outlook for fiscal 2021 calls for continued top and bottom line growth, 2% to 6% recurring revenue growth, and 4% to 10% adjusted EPS growth, as well as increased investment in our people, platforms, and technology. More importantly, I'm confident Broadridge is meeting the moment posed by these times, including the near-term challenges of the pandemic and the longer-term opportunities created by the acceleration of the key trends driving our growth. Turning now to the quarter, Broadridge reported an exceptional fourth quarter. Performance was driven by strong stock record growth, increased demand for virtual shareholder meetings, and elevated trading volumes. Strong recurring revenue growth was coupled with the rebound in event-driven activity, leading to 250 basis points of margin expansion and 25% adjusted EPS growth, couple that with near-record fourth quarter sales and all in all an excellent performance in our seasonally largest quarter. Broadridge's performance since the onset of the pandemic highlights strength of our business model and the importance of what we do across governance, capital markets, and wealth and investment management. In governance, we have ensured that annual meetings could take place and shareholder governance continue by keeping open the lines of communication and facilitating 1,500 virtual shareholder meetings. In GTO, our scalable and resilient technology platforms flawlessly processed record trading volumes during periods of peak volatility in March and April, enabling markets to settle and investors to price in the impact of a worldwide shutdown of economic activity. Broadridge, our associates, and our technology played a critical part in keeping our markets open and every Broadridge associate and shareholder can be proud. Moving to the year, out full year recurring revenues rose 10% to $3 billion, driven by organic growth and strong performance from recent acquisitions. Event-driven revenues declined to a five-year low and our low-to-no margin distribution revenues slipped 1%. Adjusted EPS rose 8%, as the strong growth in recurring revenues was offset by event-driven declines. Closed sales of $239 million were a new record due to our second strongest sales quarter ever. Keep in mind that our 2019 closed sales were buoyed by our hallmark wealth platform deal with UBS. Excluding that result, closed sales this year rose more than 25%. All in all, a strong year especially considering the impact of a sharp fall in event-driven revenues and the impact of the COVID pandemic. Thanks to those strong results, our board approved an increase in our annual dividend to $2.30 per share. Broadridge has now increased its annual dividend for 14 consecutive years, every year we've been a public company. Let's move to a review of our ICS business on slide 4. ICS recurring revenue rose 6% in fiscal 2020, driven by strong growth in our core governance products and aided by our recent acquisitions. We benefited from 10% full year stock record growth and strong demand for our Virtual Shareholder Meeting solutions. We also continue to benefit from strong demand for fund data and analytics. We made two meaningful acquisitions in fiscal 2020, which also contributed to growth: Broadridge Fi360, which leverages our strong relationships across the mutual fund and retirement ecosystem and adds to our data and analytics suite; and FundsLibrary, which represents another step toward creating a leading European fund reporting business. I'm pleased with the integration of both and expect them to contribute to our organic growth next year. After two exceptional years, event-driven revenues declined by $66 million. Activity levels over the first three quarters of the year were historically low levels before rebounding in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we expect event-driven activity in 2021 will remain at muted fiscal 2020 levels. Fiscal 2020 was also a strong year for our GTO segment. GTO revenues rose 18%, driven by a combination of strong organic growth and very strong performance from our 2019 acquisitions. The story of GTO's growth was really a tale of two halves. In the first half, we saw strong onboarding growth, offset by lower trading volumes and a decline in consulting revenues, which held organic growth to 3%. In the second half, we continued to make very good progress in onboarding clients and trading volumes grew dramatically due to unprecedented market volatility. Second half organic growth was 10%. Not captured in organic growth was very strong performance from our recent wealth management acquisitions, RPM and Rockall. Both delivered results well ahead of our acquisition case, as clients have been willing to expand the scope and length of contracts because of their confidence in Broadridge's ability to support their needs. I couldn't be more pleased with the traction we're seeing in the marketplace. Let's turn our focus to closed sales on slide 5. Broadridge reported closed sales of $239 million, up 2% from our FY 2019 record. I'm really pleased by the breadth of sales across our major growth opportunities. We're seeing a lot of demand for our next-generation governance products with strong sales of Virtual Shareholder Meetings and our Shareholder Rights Directive solutions. We're also especially active on the capital markets front with recent client additions, including: a midsized European bank; the sale of a derivatives solution to a major futures brokerage; and, earlier in the year, a sale of our Global Post Trade platform to another major European bank. Another highlight was the first sale of our blockchain-based Repo solution. I was also pleased to see strong sales momentum in BRCC, which bodes well for return to growth. Our record sales highlight the breadth of our product portfolio and deep client relationships. They're also a testament to our ability to close on our sales pipeline, despite the challenges our clients faced and the challenges of working remotely. Looking forward, we're taking a slightly cautious view of sales growth in FY 2021. That view reflects the uncertainty faced by our clients as a result of the global recession and the challenges that may emerge in building a pipeline of new opportunity in a world in which client outreach is more limited. Importantly, we don't need to grow sales to grow revenue in 2021. Our strong $355 million backlog gives us enormous confidence in our ability to grow our top and bottom line and continue to invest in fiscal 2021, despite macroeconomic uncertainty. Frankly, it's a great security blanket for a CEO. Let's turn to slide 6 to review our performance against the three-year objectives we laid out at our 2017 Investor Day. I'm proud to report that we achieved our objective against all the most meaningful metrics, including recurring revenue growth, organic revenue growth, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. Our adjusted EPS has grown at a 17% CAGR, putting us at the high end of our 14% to 18% objective. One target on which we fell short was total revenue growth, which was impacted by a decline in low-to-no margin distribution revenues. Since our strategy is to drive distribution revenue down over time through digitization, I'm not at all concerned that distribution was lower than expected. These targets were anchored in our strategy of growing our governance and capital markets franchises and building a wealth management franchise, both in North America and internationally. They were also grounded in a strong conviction that our growth is being propelled by long-term trends around mutualization, digitization in the importance of unique data and analytics. I'll talk more about our outlook in a moment, but our success in meeting our three-year objectives, despite the pandemic and lower event revenue, is a clear indicator that our strategy is on track and that the long-term trends driving our growth are very much intact. Before I turn to our outlook for fiscal 2021 and beyond, I want to provide an update on the modernization of regulatory reporting for the fund industry on slide 7. Last week, the SEC voted 4-0 to propose a new rule, 498B, that would mandate the distribution of summary annual and semiannual reports in place of the current long-form version of those documents. The rule provides guidelines for the proposed summary documents and also encourages interactive clickable content. It retains the paradigm of two communications per year directly to investors through the channel of their choice and meaningfully simplifies the information fund and ETF shareholders receive by creating summary documents and by eliminating the annual prospectus, which has high overlap with the annual report. If enacted as proposed, the new rules would have an impact on the roughly $60 million recurring fee revenue we receive today for distribution of annual fund prospectuses. At the same time, it will also create a significant opportunity for Broadridge to help our fund and ETF clients comply with the new rules. We believe that opportunity is as large or larger and will create a stronger and deeper relationship with the fund industry. We view this proposal as a positive step for the industry, investors, and Broadridge. We know investors are more engaged by concise summaries that contain the key information they need. Our research, which was cited extensively by the SEC, has shown that providing mutual fund and ETF investors with easily digested summary information will keep them better informed and more engaged. It also creates a format that works well digitally on a smartphone or tablet. Broadridge has already eliminated more than 70% of fund paper communications. Providing easily digested summary information to those digital investors will both keep them informed and will also lead to even more investors going digital in the future, further lowering costs for the fund industry. The proposal aligns Broadridge with its clients and creates a sustainable long-term paradigm for these important disclosures, with better informed investors and more cost-efficient communications. No one is better positioned than Broadridge to make this vision a reality, given our ability to reach all investors and our investment in digital capabilities. It's important to keep in mind that rule proposals like this historically take years, not months, to implement. It's a significant change, which means final passage is uncertain, even more so with the new administration at the SEC, irrespective of the election. If the proposal does go forward, we anticipate the process would take two to three years to finalize and implement. So, 498B represents an important potential step in modernizing fund communications. If final form and timing remains uncertainty, that is an important affirmation of the importance of what we do for the industry and retail investors and it's an exciting opportunity for us to work more closely with funds and ETFs to help them better engage with and educate to investors. Turning now to our outlook on slide 8, we are seeing that the trends driving our growth are being accelerated by the pandemic. The pressure on financial services firms to simplify their operations and reduce costs through mutualization has only grown. Our extra time at home has been a crash course in digital for us all and the need to adapt new technologies and incorporate additional data continues to grow. This urgency around next-generation resiliency, mutualization, and digitization is already starting to show up in our discussions with clients. Clients used to worry about losing a facility. Now, they need to worry about losing a country or the globe. The investment required to build the needed resiliency across their entire technology estate significantly increases the logic for mutualization. Digitization and next-generation technology are also in increased demand. Therefore, as we move into fiscal 2021, we are upping our investment in our people, platforms and technology to be ready to further support our clients. As Jim will describe, we're taking a careful view on cost, enabling us to free up resources to invest in our own resiliency, product and technology. Our strong fiscal 2020 results were due in significant part to our track record of investing in our business over time. We created the Virtual Shareholder Meeting 11 years ago and scaled it this year from 300 meetings to 1,500 meetings. Some of our more recent investments are just beginning to bear fruit like our AI-enabled Fixed Income trading platform, which launches this fall and our investment in blockchain, which is starting to drive the sales of DLT-enabled products like our Repo and Shareholder Rights Directive solutions. I'm confident these investments will leave Broadridge better positioned than ever to take advantage of the post-pandemic recovery for the long term. So, while we are cautious about the uncertain outlook in the near term, I can say that the long-term growth opportunities for Broadridge have never been better. We look forward to sharing more details about these trends and our investments when we host our next Investor Day in December. Looking closer ahead to fiscal 2021, Broadridge is positioned for continued top and bottom line growth. Underlying our forecast is our assumption that the pandemic will continue to weigh on economic growth for the balance of calendar year 2020 and well into calendar 2021. Despite that headwind, we expect continued organic growth and a modest contribution from acquisitions we made in FY 2020. As I just mentioned, our outlook for fiscal 2021 also calls for increased levels of investment in key areas, including improved resiliency, new technology and bolstering product development. We're also continuing to invest in our digital capabilities, our LTX Fixed Income trading platform, and our wealth and global post-trade technology platforms. Our ability to fund these growth investments, even in a challenging year, is a testament to the strength of our business model. We will emerge from the pandemic with greater platform reach and even stronger product development organization and with new digital capabilities and enhanced technology and operational resilience. We will also emerge with a stronger culture. A core part of our long-term competitive advantage is our focus on the service-profit chain that emphasizes highly engaged associates providing excellent service to our clients which in turn creates additional growth opportunities and returns for our shareholders. As we look ahead at the future of work, we're focused on making Broadridge a great place for the most talented associates. We are making our work more flexible and engaging and we're investing in the next-generation diversity and inclusion that will engage our associates and clients alike. All of this is good for shareholders. As I close my prepared remarks, I want to take time out to address my fellow associates. Even in a normal year, it's your commitment and passion for serving our clients that sets us apart. This has not been a normal year by any stretch of the imagination, so I want to say a special word of thanks. It has not been easy. For all of you engaging in social distancing and getting your temperatures checked when you come to work, for all of you balancing parenting and family responsibilities, while still providing world-class service to our clients, thank you for everything you're doing. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jim Young, I want to thank him for his contribution to Broadridge the past six years. Since he joined us from Visa in 2014, he has been a strong partner in helping run the business and equally a good friend. I'm sorry to see him go, but excited for him to make an equally meaningful mark in his new role. Jim is leaving Broadridge in good hands. I've worked with Matt Connor closely the past 10 years as he served in important operating and financial roles and played an important part in the reinvigoration of our GTO segment. His hands-on ability to balance business, financial, and long-term strategic goals have been exceptional. I know he will continue to be a strong voice in his new role. Jim?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and thank you for the kind words and your mentorship and partnership. It has been an honor and a pleasure to work so closely with you over the past six years. It is bittersweet to be on my last earnings call as Broadridge's CFO. I'll begin my comments with several call-outs on slide 9. First, the strong finish. This was an exceptional fourth quarter highlighted by near-record sales and 10% organic growth, translating into 6% organic growth for the all-important second half of the year and 4.5% organic for the full year. Second, event-driven revenue. This is the highest event has been all year. But even with a 33% increase this quarter, we still closed fiscal 2020 with well below average event-driven revenues. Third, closed sales. Our sales team stood and delivered an impressive quarter and another full year record performance, demonstrating the strength and resilience of the Broadridge business model. This leads to the fourth call-out, backlog. The recurring revenue backlog stands at $355 million or 12% of fiscal 2020 recurring revenue, which gives us fantastic visibility into future growth. Fifth, a strong balance sheet. We exited the year right at our long-term target leverage ratio and with ample liquidity. As we think about uncertain macroeconomic climate we are in, it is great to be in such a strong position. Final call-out, guidance. Our fiscal 2021 guidance calls for another year of top and bottom line growth even in the face of a pandemic and global recession. Importantly, embedded in our guidance is meaningful investments to ensure we are well prepared for the recovery and continued long-term growth. Let's turn to slide 10 to review our revenue growth drivers. Total revenue grew 14%. The biggest driver of this was 10% organic growth and, in particular, revenue from closed sales which contributed 7 points to our growth. We saw continued strong onboarding activity and meaningful sales of our Virtual Shareholder Meeting solution. We also benefited from strong internal growth, driven by strong proxy volumes and equity trades. The quarter was also boosted by the shift of some proxy volumes from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, which added 2 points to our growth. Looking through the impact of those delays on both the third and the fourth quarter, we saw an overall 6% organic growth in the more significant second half of our year. All in, for the full year, organic growth was 4.5%. Let's turn to slide 11 for a closer look at ICS revenue growth. ICS recurring revenues rose 12% in the quarter. On an organic basis, recurring growth was 10% or 6% excluding the impact of the COVID-related timing shift. After a slower start, ICS' organic growth picked up nicely in the second half of the year to greater than 4%, which highlights the importance of proxy season and strong record growth. Overall, the economic impact of the pandemic on ICS was mixed. On the positive side, we saw strong demand for Virtual Shareholder Meetings and market volatility boosted demand for post-sale prospectuses as mutual fund investors rebalance portfolios. On the other side of the ledger, we were negatively impacted by lower interest rates on cash balances we hold for retirement accounts and by lower overall asset values of those accounts. Mutual fund interim communications also slowed, likely as a result of the record withdrawals from funds and ETFs in March. Turning to slide 12, our governance business also benefited from a welcome rebound in event-driven activity. Event-driven revenues, which have lagged all year, grew 33% in the fourth quarter. The key takeaway here is we are not seeing any structural issues. Event activity is cyclical. Looking ahead, we have no visibility into a proxy campaign by a major mutual fund complex and expect another below-average year with overall event-driven revenues essentially flat to fiscal 2020. Let's turn to slide 13 for a review of our GTO segment, which also reported strong fourth quarter results. GTO revenues rose 19%, driven by a balance of organic growth and acquisitions. While volatility declined from March peaks, it remained elevated throughout the quarter, driving a 27% increase in equity trades, similar to the third quarter and contributing meaningfully to our organic growth. I'm also pleased to report that we were able to continue to onboard new clients with no delays even with our associates working from home. We also saw strong performance from our recent acquisitions, which have outperformed their acquisition cases. And even with a modest growth headwind from comping high license activity in fiscal 2020, these businesses are expected to continue to outperform their acquisition cases in fiscal 2021. Let's move to slide 14. Strong revenue performance in the third quarter led to 25% growth in both adjusted operating come and adjusted EPS. Higher revenues from both segments were only partially offset by COVID-related expenses and our commitments to support COVID response and social justice initiatives. Overall, the earnings result exceeded the guidance we provided in May and the 8% adjusted EPS growth for the full year matched the low end of the guidance range we provided at the beginning of the year. Moving to capital allocation and our balance sheet on slide 15. Broadridge generated approximately $500 million of free cash flow in fiscal 2020, down from $544 million in fiscal 2019. This was driven by a notable step-up in net conversion costs related to several significant platform builds we are executing simultaneously. Our uses of cash highlight our commitment to balanced capital allocation. First, between CapEx and client platforms and conversion work, we deployed over $250 million in fiscal 2020 to support our organic growth. Over the last couple of years, we have ramped up our platform development and new client conversions. A significant portion of this increase is attributable to UBS and the continued development of our Global Post Trade technology platform. Linking these product development efforts to long-term client contracts gives us the confidence and ability to accelerate our product development efforts. In conjunction with our revenue backlog, we view this spend as a positive sign of our growth and future cash flows. We expect this area of investment to rise modestly in fiscal 2021. Our CapEx of $99 million represents another year spend at around 2% of revenue and captures some early savings from our private cloud initiative. We expect to stay at similarly low levels next year. The biggest use of cash was for M&A. We invested approximately $339 million this year alone. We made acquisitions across our governance, capital markets, wealth and investment management businesses, broadening our product line, adding new capabilities, and extending our global footprint. Lastly, we returned $269 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. The commitment was underscored by our decision to raise our annual dividend 6%, the 14th consecutive year with an increase. We closed fiscal 2020 with an adjusted gross debt leverage ratio of 2 times, right in our long-term target. Our free cash flow, balance sheet and over $1.6 billion in liquidity position Broadridge well for a seamless repayment of our $400 million September maturity and continued balance cap allocation in fiscal 2021 and beyond. Let's turn to slide 16 to look ahead into fiscal 2021 and our last call-out of the day. One of the great strengths of the Broadridge business model is its recurring revenue, backed by strong backlog. Our revenue backlog, which represents an estimate of first-year revenue from closed sales that has not yet been recognized, sits at $355 million, equivalent to 12% of fiscal 2020 recurring revenue. The visibility that gives us is a key reason we are confident in projecting continued revenue growth, despite the uncertain macroeconomic outlook. Our planning for fiscal 2021 assumes that we are in a challenging recession, with tough macroeconomic conditions extending through the fiscal year. We view this as the right way to approach the year, while continuing to invest in the still significant opportunities ahead of us. You will notice that we have also modestly widened our range to reflect an increased level of macro uncertainty. All that said, Broadridge is positioned for another year of top and bottom line growth in fiscal 2021, despite the recession. Let me walk through our key guidance points. We expect the recurring revenue growth will be in the range of 2% to 6%, which includes about a point of growth from the annualization of fiscal 2020 acquisitions. We expect both ICS' and GTO's recurring growth to be at similar levels, driven by strong new client onboardings, offset by the tough trading and post-sale comparables we face in the second half of fiscal 2021. In ICS, we expect low single-digit full year position growth, continued demand for our data and analytics products, and customer communications to contribute to organic growth. These are expected to be partially offset by lower revenues from our mutual fund retirement business as a result of lower interest rates. Regulatory post-sale volumes are also expected to be a drag. Our GTO business should continue to benefit from strong new client additions and increased trading volatility over the first half of the year. The benefits of higher volumes are expected to turn negative in the second half of the fiscal year, as we start to lap the volume spikes from the peak of the pandemic in March and April. As I mentioned earlier, lower license activity following a strong fiscal 2020 will result in a drag on growth also. Next, we expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 0% to 4%, as recurring fee revenue growth is offset by other items. As a reminder, total revenue is not a particularly meaningful metric for us, given the long-term shift to more digital delivery and we expect that low-to-no margin distribution revenues will be flat to down again. We also expect event fees to be roughly flat, even accounting for what we believe was a near-cyclical low point this past year. FX is expected to be a 1-point drag. Third, we expect our adjusted operating income margin to increase about 100 basis points from fiscal 2020 level of 17.5%. Given the uncertain economic outlook this year, we have kept a tight rein on expense growth, enabling us to plan higher margins and simultaneously increase investment. As part of our expense reduction initiatives and response to the new work environment, we plan to rationalize our real estate footprint by closing some offices around the world. While we are still in the planning phase, we expect these lease termination costs, along with other related actions, to result in a charge of approximately $20 million to $40 million in Q1. We expect to exclude this expense from our adjusted results. On the investment side, and as Tim noted, we are increasing our spending and building out our product development team and our technology infrastructure. We have also set aside money to increase our diversity efforts. I am proud, as a company, we are committed to investing in the long term, year-in and year-out, no matter the environment. Moving down the income statement, our overall tax rate should tick up slightly to 21%. And our core tax rate, which excludes the excess tax benefit, should remain at about 23%. We are projecting ETB of $12 million in fiscal 2021, a $4 million decrease from fiscal 2020. As a result, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be 4% to 10%. And we expect closed sales to be in the range of $190 million to $235 million, reflecting both caution in this challenging environment and continued confidence in our value proposition. Finally, as you think about quarterization, our earnings growth will once again be very uneven, caused, in part, by small earnings quarters in the first half, the unpredictability of event fee timing in this year, tougher recurring revenue comps in the second half. Specifically for Q1, our forecast assumes event fees will be around $30 million, down roughly 20% from last year. That should push our adjusted EPS to the low end of 11% to 14% of annual EPS we typically record in Q1. Before I turn the call to Matt, please allow me to share a couple of quick thoughts. It has been a privilege working with such an exceptional team here at Broadridge. And the decision to step away from my role during this exciting, dynamic time of growth for the company has not been an easy one. However, I take this step knowing that Broadridge, led by Tim and the team, will continue to be successful for years to come. We are well positioned and the longer-term opportunity for Broadridge has never been stronger, nor more clear. I want to thank all of our shareholders for their support over the years and say a special thank you to our research analysts who have kept our terrific IR team, and you all know how good Edings is, and me on our toes. And now over to Matt, in whose capable hands I will leave you. Having worked really closely with Matt, I know firsthand what a strong and talented steward Matt is of Broadridge's business, financial strength, and strategy. Over to you, Matt.
Matt Connor - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Thanks for your leadership and friendship over the past few years and best of luck in your new role. I know you'll do great things at Indigo Ag. I'm excited for this new interim role and I'm looking forward to meeting all of you. Broadridge is exiting fiscal 2020 in a strong position and poised for additional growth. We have a strong plan to drive growth. And my goal is to maintain our focus on disciplined cost management to fund additional investments. We have a lot of momentum and our primary goal is that we continue to put ourselves in position to continue that momentum across each of our major verticals. And we look forward to sharing what that will mean, not just for fiscal 2021, but for our next set of three-year objectives that we will share with you at our Investor Day this December. Rocco, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Today's first question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Hey. Thanks, guys. Jim, first of all, I just want to say congrats to you. We're, obviously, going to miss you, but all the best to you. Guys, when we think about the structural opportunities you're seeing from this environment and what we saw last quarter was obviously strong position growth and a very real demand for your GTO business given just demand from financial institutions, I think. And volumes obviously helped, but when we look at your guidance, obviously, you're still suggesting 2% to 6% which is a decel from now, and I know there's tough comps. What I guess I'm trying to figure out is what's already done by bookings, what you already know about. And then when we consider what could be sustainable, couldn't position growth being strong be sustainable now in the environment we're in, given how many more retail investors, fractional shares, free trading? So, maybe just start there if you can.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Darrin, it's Tim. Thank you. Thank you very much. We feel very good about – let me just step back for a second. We feel very good about the long-term trends supporting our business and supporting our organic growth and our overall growth strategy, and we'll talk about that in December. And definitely as we were looking pre-crisis at our preliminary plans, we had a growth rate that was more in the 6% range. And as we have evaluated things and looked at where we are now, we see a few different factors knocking a couple of points off of that. One is a more cautious view on stock record growth. That is definitely baked into our plan. I can come back and talk about it in a second. The other is interest rates which affect our matrix unit. And the third is a little bit lower revenue from sales, not because we don't think our sales will be strong, but just focus a little bit on the pace of client implementation. And so, those three factors, just about equally weighted, account for about 2 points relative to what we would have thought was our initial plan. And we think that is prudent and that we'll be in a very good position. I think that positions us well to invest and it positions us well to really undertake any variety of scenarios. I think also on the event side, we're being the same as flat to this year which is pretty muted. And so, I think that takes a lot of risk out of this plan, but it really enables us to focus it on the investment.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Tim, I mean, just to quickly follow on to that, I mean the position growth or the record growth itself, I mean it looks like we're in this environment where retail investors are obviously more involved. And I think just it's easier to buy whether it's free trading or fractional shares. So, I guess I'd be curious why you're assuming a low-single-digit growth rate there. And then just broadly, I guess what I was really looking for is structurally speaking, given the environment we're in now with more digital transformation, what do you point to as where Broadridge is benefiting from this environment now because they can provide the needs for clients, whether it's banks or customer communications?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. So, first of all, on the stock record growth, we don't have a crystal ball. What we saw was certainly good stock record growth this year, lower interim record growth. So, when you average those two together this year, it was about 5% and we're going into next year looking at something that's a little bit lower than that. On how we benefit from the increased digital demand, we see it really both on the communications side. We're seeing good growth in our digital communications. We're seeing it on the data and analytics side. We're seeing it – we're very excited about the launch of our digitally based Fixed Income trading platform. So, we're seeing it really across lots of different arenas, Darrin. Obviously, the strong growth in Virtual Shareholder Meetings, which we expect to continue this year, was a real nice pickup for us. And so, it's really across the breadth of our product areas.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. All right. That's great to see. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question today comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning. And all the best to you, Jim, in the next chapter.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Good to see the 55% new sales growth in the quarter and you did call out strong sales, in particular, in capital markets. Can you talk about the propensity of big banks to outsource in this environment, given some of the headwinds and tailwinds that they face?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure, David. We're seeing, I think, a really interesting tension there because their need is higher than ever. And then at the same time, because of all the complexity of everything's going on, there's a question about undertaking transformational projects. And so, I think one of the things that we really saw at the end of this year was a significantly higher demand for lots of smaller projects that can make a big impact. And so, we saw a lot of those and then some good medium-sized projects. And we were pleased that the derivatives deal that I spoke about, very transformational project for that institution and that's something they want to carry forward and move ahead with even despite the complexity of the pandemic and the complexity of doing everything remotely. So, we're seeing some institutions really moving forward strongly and taking advantage of this and investing. We're seeing other institutions hang back. We think the net-net of that, though, is going to be continued very positive sales. We did see really strong pickup in our international sales. So, our sales outside the US were up more than 50% and we see a continued strong pipeline outside the US as well, so really nice progress across the board.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Appreciate that. And then as a follow-up, can you update us on the onboarding and development process around the big UBS wealth management contract? And to what extent could that serve as, let's say, a launch pad in the business, given demand you might be seeing from other wealth managers currently?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Absolutely. So, that project remains really well on track. We are very pleased with the progress there. We're continuing to strengthen our wealth capability, not just with that project, but also with the M&A that we've done and with some of the smaller component sales. And I'll come back to UBS in a second, but just to reiterate the recent acquisition of the RPM acquisition, the Rockall acquisition performing really, really strongly. I think as we look at UBS and what follows on from it, I think what we're seeing from the largest clients now is interest in seeing that go live, so with lots of discussions, but very much wanting to see that go live which is on track to do. But what it is doing is it is increasing our credibility overall in the wealth space, and so we're seeing significant increase in demand across the rest of our wealth portfolio. As you know, we appointed Mike Alexander President in the third quarter. That's been a key step in making this a stand-alone business and his leadership is really helping us well. So, across our wealth strategy, we feel really good. The UBS piece is one component of that. Our component solutions is another piece of it, and the strength of some of the new acquisitions is a third piece.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Alexis Huseby - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hi guys. This is Alexis Huseby on for Pete today. Thanks for taking our questions. So, you mentioned the distribution revenue would be flat to down in fiscal 2021 and I'm wondering if you can help us with the approximate impact to that that comes specifically from 30e-3.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I will take a crack at that, but I'm looking also at our CFO to see if he has a comment which he may not. I think it is broadly relatively small in this coming year. And as you know, we've said 30e-3 is a very mild positive for us, so not – we really think about it, since the distribution piece is really low-to-no margin, we really focus on the recurring piece. So, from an overall recurring revenue and profitability, we see it as neutral to a slight positive. Specifically, on the distribution revenue side, it's a mild negative, but not something that is really materially changing the numbers.
Alexis Huseby - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That makes sense. And then I think I heard you mention 1% in recurring revenue, but could you help us with the approximate acquired revenue carried into fiscal 2021 from prior deals?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. This is Jim. That's correct. About a point of growth is embedded in our guidance. And if you recall, we had a couple deals come a little bit later in the year like Fi360 and FundsLibrary which we'll carry through, so it'll be about a point of growth in 2021.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And just as a reminder, so that's the carryover impact and our guidance never anticipates any M&A that might occur in the coming year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Hill - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning. The question on data/analytics you guys had highlighted here in the slide deck that still in really good growth there. I was wondering just given the COVID environment, we've seen more and more peers really make greater investment in that area. How you guys are thinking about some initiatives here over the course of the next fiscal year to really kind of ramp up the offering there?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, there are a couple of areas, Ken, where I think this is interesting. So, most of our investment over the past few years in data/analytics has been in serving the fund industry. We have a suite of solutions that gives the fund industry transparency into fund flows, their sales, their share performance. And one of the key things that we've really done in terms of investment is pull together data sets that used to be disparate and that fund companies used to have to acquire from different places and knit together and that was very complex for them. And with our global distribution products, they can now have retail and institutional North America, Europe, Asia and pull all that into one data set. And that is something that is really helpful especially for the largest global asset managers. So, that continues to be a real growth area for us. And in this period of uncertainty and volatility, they're looking for even more transparency than ever. The other one I will just mention is not – we don't usually talk about it relative to data/analytics, but when you talk about leveraging the data we have, we've been working for quite a while in terms of how do we leverage the fixed income data that we have. And we were making some significant investments in that the past few years and the AI-enabled Fixed Income platform that we're about to launch this fall is something that is going to really leverage that fixed income data in a way institution by institution. That will bring AI to fixed income traders, allow them to figure out natural counterparties for complex trades and enable them to carry out those trades. And that's one of the things probably in the whole company that we're most excited about.
Kenneth Hill - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Got it. That's really helpful. One other question I had, you guys, historically, you've broken out a bit of a live, not live yet recurring revenue backlog. Any color on the $355 million, how that looks now?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yes. So, kind of about two-thirds of that is not yet live at all. So, we've got obviously really good visibility and a whole bunch of – a bunch of this is sort of pure growth as we onboard it, recognizing there'll be a really large piece associated with the UBS deal, which really won't have any impact in 2021, more of a 2022 event.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And, Jim, all the best and hope our paths cross again.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Puneet.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, one question, Tim, on pipeline, like how's your pipeline converting into revenue, any actual impact you have seen on implementations from the pandemic and also on the sales cycle? Just wanted to make sure like the recession impact on sales guidance, have you started seeing slowdown in the first four months or in the last four or five months versus being conservative, given the uncertainty?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Puneet, thank you for that question. Broadly, the impact has been surprisingly low. And I'll talk about each of the different pieces. So, first of all, in terms of completing sales, obviously, we just had a terrific sales quarter. And to be fair, a lot of those sales were on the one-yard line at the beginning of the pandemic and we certainly saw institutions carrying on and finishing those. In terms of the sales cycle, obviously, we measure at each of the different stages in terms of pipeline creation and moving things through the pipeline. And we have seen modestly lower pipeline creation in the last 12 weeks. And I'll say it's a modest delta. It's not a huge delta. Part of it, Puneet, is we can't really be sure because, given the amount of focus that we had on closing that degree of business, it's very hard for us to discern whether lower pipeline creation is just our own capacity or anything that's going on out there in the world. So, that will develop. That is one of the reasons we're being slightly more cautious. But, again, it's a marginal difference. On the implementation side, we just finished the year of record revenue from new sales in terms of onboarding. We did see a few delays in some projects, but nothing canceled, just pushed out a few months. And we have built that into our plans for this year. And that is one of the things that was contributing a little bit to a bit of a decrement and a little bit more caution around our revenue outlook. That said, this next year is going to be another record in terms of revenue from newly onboarded sales. And as we think about our ongoing growth of the company, you know that revenue from new sales is a key driver for us. And that continues to accelerate and we see that continue to accelerate in the future. So, that remains a very positive solid long-term trend. This year will be another record. We just took our foot a little bit off the gas in terms of making sure that we are accounting for any potential delays that might arise.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. And, Jim, I know you'll share a lot more info at the Analyst Day, but 100 basis points in margin expansion, how should we think about long-term margin beyond that? Specifically, given like some of the margin drivers that you talked about, like how should we think about like – are they like the long-term cuts versus more being like a near-term cuts? And can you also talk about drivers for long-term margin expansion?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Puneet, well, as Tim highlighted, put this in context, we just finished three years where we averaged 83 basis points per year of margin expansion. That includes ending on a very low event-driven year. So, I think our ability to generate margin expansion is pretty good. And, clearly, as we look at this year, on what is relatively modest recurring growth, to sign up for another 100 basis points of margin expansion is an indicator that we constantly have abilities to improve our margins. Obviously, we got a pickup with more digital and less distribution over time. But we think some of the changes that we're making are long-term sustainable. If you think about private cloud initiatives, if you talk about real estate, some of those things are very durable. It doesn't mean that we're going to change our longer-term outlook. The team will go through that in December. But, obviously, we continue to feel really good about levers available to us and our ongoing ability to make this business even more efficient.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. Can I get some more detail on the sales momentum that you guys spoke to in the BRCC business? What type of mandates did you win during the quarter?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: It's Tim, Patrick. Good morning. We had a really good sales year for BRCC this year, certainly the strongest sales that we've seen since it became part of Broadridge, and lots of solutions across both financial services, but other industries as well. In the fourth quarter, in particular, there were two really chunky deals, not mega deals, but two quite chunky deals: one from a large global bank and a piece of their business, not their whole business; and one from a large health insurer, which was a very significant part of their business. And so, we like that. As we talked about BRCC, as you know, one of our theses was really around using it to more deeply penetrate some of our largest clients, to bring digital sales as well as to drive bottom line. And if we look at BRCC this year, we feel really pleased with the performance at a very strong bottom line outperformance this year. Very good sales, stable revenue, off-boarding of that major client that we've always talked about complete. So, when you look at the different strategic indicators for this business, it is a positive traction on a number of fronts, not too early to declare mission accomplished, but very positive developments.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for that color, Tim. And then I appreciate some of your commentary on the modernization of fund communications, but I want to press you a little bit. How do you monetize kind of the notion of driving more engagement in lower cost content for funds to the extent that it could offset the revenue hit, that $60 million revenue hit, from not sending out those prospectuses anymore?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Very well. Thanks for that question. Look, just before I get to that, just stepping back for a second. Obviously, based on what we do, we're for investor disclosure and this really reinforces that. And we do well when the communications that clients receive are relevant and when the cost of that whole ecosystem is getting better. And as we think this change, if it is ratified and go through, will create more engaging communications, it will create a better digital experience at lower cost for the industry. And so, it's really a win-win-win and no one is better positioned than Broadridge. So, if you just get into a tangible example, now first of all, we did want to size for everyone sort of what is the amount of revenue that's sort of in these annual prospectuses. That's not all going to go away. There are chunks of funds that will not – it's optional. It's optional for funds. It's optional for broker-dealers. They're closed-end funds. There are some funds that won't elect to do it. There are some brokers that won't elect to do it. And also because of the fact that people still need to let people know about changes, we think this will lead to higher supplementals. So, that whole $60 million is not going away, but it does create new opportunity because this rule is complex to implement. There's a complexity of creating new summaries. A lot of that stuff, the big thick documents today, are offset print. A lot of these will be more print-on-demand. And then there's digitally hosting clickable layered content. And I just want to give an example. So, in January, we're going live with our 30e-3 solution. And this is something we're doing for the industry as a whole. And it's really neat. Because we send people a notice. On the notice, there's a QR code. You point your phone at the QR code and it brings up the document tailored to you directly on your phone. And we're introducing that in January across the industry. The fund industry loves it. And one of the things that's really done is to sort of introduce the idea of how Broadridge can help clients with these implementing complex new regulations and it really has started the digital conversation in a very serious way, so have been very positive. Now, you project that forward three years from now, funds are going to have real complexity to deal with. They have to create these new summaries. They have to host clickable layered content. And if you think about a solution where in the future where they file their long-form documents, we capture all those data points anyway. Within a couple of days, we present them back. Here's a summary in your color with your logo, composed and ready to go. You approve it and it's ready to be distributed through whatever channel with a hosted solution for clickable solutions. So, you can sort of really envision, Patrick, the kind of industry (01:01:19) solution it's going to solve a big problem for the fund industry. And so, only Broadridge is positioned to do that, and we're excited for the way that it is going to help our clients more deeply engage with their clients.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session today. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any final remarks.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Rocco, and thank all of you on the call for joining us today. I just want to take a moment to reiterate our key messages. Our strong results highlight the importance of what we do and the strength of our business model. The pandemic has and will continue to accelerate the long-term trends driving our growth. Looking into 2021, we see continued revenue and adjusted EPS growth backed by a record revenue backlog. This outlook includes increased investments in products, platforms, and people. And finally, Broadridge remains well positioned for continued growth. We look forward to sharing more on our outlook at our Virtual Investor Day on December 8. Thank you again for tuning in today, and we look forward to seeing you then.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-05-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Broadridge Fiscal Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please also note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Broadridge's fiscal third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany in this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO and our CFO Jim Young.Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings. Before turning to our financial and strategic results, I want to start with this human impact of the COVID virus as it continuous to extend its reach around the world. With our Broadridge home base and nearly 10,000 associates and family members in the New York metropolitan area, our team is seen up close to toll this virus take on so many. We have lost co-workers, family members, friends and neighbors. And heart go out to all of them and to the many still fighting this disease. We also see economic dislocation experienced by so many in our communities here and around the world. These are challenging and difficult times.At Broadridge, our focus has been first and foremost on the safety and health of our associates. We’ve also focused on serving our clients helping them maybe incredible challenges they face as a result of the crisis. And we stepping up to help communities in which we operate around the world. Seeing how our teams are supporting one another, their families and our clients all in the phase of [drenching] change has been inspiring. I’ve never been more proud to be Broadridge associate. Thank you.With that important backdrop, let me layout where we’ve been? Where we are? And where we are going? Beginning on Slide 5. Despite the challenges in the New York area Broadridge as a global company is resilient, is performing well and has real opportunity ahead. The COVID crisis is reinforced the essential nature and the importance of what we do. To carry out this mission, we have invested to ensure the health and safety of our associates as they carry out their essential duties. As a result, our operational performance has been exceptionally strong. That strength led us to continued growth and solid financial results in the third quarter on which Jim will elaborate further.Finally, as we look forward, we see real opportunity in the post COVID world.Let’s move on to Slide 6. These unprecedented times have reaffirmed the essential nature of what Broadridge does. In these volatile and uncertain times, critical infrastructure powering, investing, governance and communications has never been more important. Throughout the crisis, our scalable and resilient technology platforms have processed remarkable market volumes that are multiples of normal. Deploying our capital markets and Wealth Management clients enabling end investors to buy and sell securities generate liquidity, continue investments and react to rapidly evolving outlook.This performance will continue to be tested as we navigate uncharted waters and we start in the global economy. We have also enabled 10s of millions of investors to track their holdings and other key information to period of high uncertainty and volatility. From distributing billions of dollars of checks to sending and receiving boarding information, to reassuring investors with timely confirmation statements, the floor information has remained open.Finally, now more than ever, strong corporate governance is critical. As Company’s [indiscernible] grace with unprecedented economic and health challenges, the role of the Board of Directors has never been more important. We are proud of how we have worked to ensure vital communications and voting remained in place. Our technology and people have ensure that the companies can conduct their annual meetings safely, while enabling continued shareholder engagement.As a result of our central laws securities trading in corporate governance, many of our operations have been deemed essential service providers under guidance provided by the federal government and other government authorities. We’ve been in contact with the SEC and other regulators, they help them better understand resiliency and challenges faced by our financial system, as trading volumes bite and companies moved to annual meetings online. 11 states to-date have provided temporary relief to enable virtual only annual meetings reinforcing the imports of strong and timely corporate governance. Next slide please.This essential work is possible only through our engaged and highly expert associates. At Broadridge, the service-profit chain were engaged associates deliver for satisfied clients leading the strong financial outcomes, defines our culture and sits at the heart of our delivery.Thus our thinking from the beginning of the crisis started with health and safety are nearly 13,000 associates around the globe. We first instituted a work from home policy in Asia as COVID began to spread in January. As the pandemic became more wide spread in March, we moved quickly to institute work from home mandate for all of our non-production associates in Europe and North America. By mid-March we extended that to concluded India. We are now operating fully on a work from home basis put 87% of associates now involved [indiscernible] production.As work from home is a normal part of our business continuity planning, this is a smooth transition. We’ve also taken strong measures to ensure the safety of our production associates working closely with our onsite medical teams and third-party experts and in line with CDC guidance, we equipped our associates with masks and gloves closed cafeterias and instituted onsite food delivery. We removed economic pressure to work by providing extended leave for those who are ill, quarantined or they or family member are in a high risk group. We mandate temperature checks at beginning of every shift.In New York, which are then most impacted by COVID, we’ve reduced staffing to below 50% to maximize social distancing, we distributing work to other facilities. These measures have been effective and we will continue to take every action possible to protect our associates in the months ahead.As we protect our own associates, we are acutely aware of the impact this crisis is having on the communities in which we operate. We’ve already committed $1 million in grants for charities and schools globally in 12 our largest operating regions. These funds were focused on organizations targeting hunger relief for vulnerable populations, critical medical services and equipment, and school equipments for remote learning. We also want to support the charitable giving of our associates as they generously support their communities. And we’ve allocated an additional $500,000 to double match charitable donations made by associates.Turning to Slide 8, our engaged associates and leading technology platforms have delivered exceptional operating performance. Our resilient and scalable technology processed huge spikes in both equity and fixed income trading volumes flawlessly, keeping our clients operating when others had challenges. Our production facilities managed strongly do not only the peak of proxy season but at quarter end and month end statements and a volatility driven surge in other communications relating to trading.In some instances, communications needed to shifted to new location are in time to cover demand. We are working with clients and regulators, we’ve now successful moved pass the peak of the season. We show very good the serious unprecedented times Broadridge differentiated itself as the right institute solution to these critical functions.At the same time, public companies have rapidly shifted to move their annual meetings to a virtual format. We pioneered virtual shareholder meetings or VSMs in 2009 and steadily grew them to 326 meetings last year. This year more than 1,500 clients have already contracted with us through VSMs. Virtual shareholder meeting is different than the webcast or simple zoom type meeting on which we’ve all being sitting the past few weeks.We leverage our unique capabilities to validate shareholders moderate questions and enable voting all in real time. Our team is mobilized across Broadridge to make their possible dramatically larger scale than ever before, no making it difference to keeping corporate governance on track.Finally, we supported our clients including stepping up to help them with work to either their own facilities or those of suppliers who are unable to handle. The strongest relationships are created in difficult times and our ability to be there for our clients in this time in need. We strengthened our relationships for many years to come.Moving to Slide 9, our strong operating response resulted in strong financial performance. Indeed our third quarter results in fiscal year outlook underlined the resilience of our businessmodel and the strength of our value proposition even in context of sharp declines in GDP that already becoming apparent.Despite headwinds from significantly lower event driven revenues and a shift in proxy timing. Broadridge reported solid third quarter results, with recurring revenue growth of 9% and adjusted EPS growth of 5%. Closed sales rose 20%.Our outlook for the full year calls for continued growth. We expect to -- we continue to expect recurring revenue growth in the 8% to 10% range. To reflect the full impact of COVID including lower event driven revenues, we’ve modified our adjusted EPS full year growth guidance to 5% to 7%, which Jim will explain in detail.Importantly, we also remain on track to hit our full year guidance for closed sales of $190 million to $230 million. Our pipeline is strong and the ability to achieve anywhere in that range speaks the importance and value of what we do.I’m also pleased to note, that Broadridge remained on track to deliver at or above the midpoint of our three-year adjusted EPS growth objective of 14% to 18%. Even with the impact of COVID and cyclical blows for event driven activity. Our goal is to achieve that objective despite those headwinds is a testimate the long-term demand trends driving our business. The investments we have made to support our growth and hard work of so many on our team.Let me now turn the call over to Jim for more in-depth review of our financial results, guidance and some early thoughts on FY’21. Jim?
Jim Young: Thanks, Tim. Like Tim, I’m deeply sadden by the toll that virus has taken on the Broadridge family. We are still grieving but we are resilient and it is impossible not to feel intense pride the way our associates have responded. They are truly delivering in remarkable ways to all our associates’ thank you and a special thank you to our production teams.And now our results. I’m pleased with our performance in the third quarter and even within the [indiscernible] related to COVID. It was consistent with outlook we provided in early March, our performance and outlook highlight the resilience of our business. I’ll begin on Slide 10 with 6 call outs. First, the net impact of COVID on our recurring revenue in the third quarter was modest, but there were more notable impacts in individual product lines. Organic recurring growth was 3% in the third quarter and we expect high single-digit organic growth in Q4 as we benefit from an increase in volatility and the shift of some proxy work from Q3 to Q4.Second, the weak event activity trends we saw in the first half of the year has continued and are now being exacerbated by COVID. This is a lowest event activity in six years. Third, we’ve recorded a 20% increase in sales in the third quarter and notably higher sales in March because of our strong pipeline of new opportunities.We have confidence that we can deliver on our sales guidance even in this environment. Fourth, our strong balance sheet. Our investment grade credit rating is $1.5 billion of liquidity give us ample flexibility to fund our operations, repay our maturing notes and support our dividend.There is no substitute for healthy balance sheet in excess to capital. And [it also] give us the comfort and confidence to focus on doing what is right for the business. Fifth, guidance, factoring our full quarter’s impact of COVID we are reiterating our guidance for recurring revenue growth in trimming our adjusted EPS guidance on the further drop in event activity below what we previously expected.Sixth and final color. COVID in a year ahead, as this is practice, we will not provide formal guidance on next fiscal year until we report our fourth quarter. But I think it’s important we provide some perspective on how the business may perform in the recession including a very preliminary view on recurring revenue growth.Let’s turn to Slide 11, in our revenue growth drivers. Our recurring fee revenues rose 9% in the quarter with healthy new sales additions contribution 5 points to growth. Most implementations have long lead times and are in motions months before go live. Importantly, we did not see much of an impact on-boarding processes in March. It’s clearly something we are keeping an eye on it but pandemic continues to unfold. We saw the biggest COVID impact in internal growth although the net effect was neutral. The headline here is that exceptional trade growths driven by high volatility related to the crisis was largely offset by the COVID driven shift of certain proxy work from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. These big revenue factors essentially neutralized each other. I will touch on these again in my review of each business.Acquisitions are performing well and contributed 6 points of growth. We'll start to analyze two of our larger acquisitions next quarter, so the overall impact from acquisitions should decline modestly in the fourth quarter. Looking to next quarter, we expect organic revenue growth to improve meaningfully the improvement should come from the combination of sustain strong sales to revenue performance and positive internal growth boosted by strong stock record growth and the realization of the known proxy timing shift from Q3 to Q4.Moving down to total revenue, total revenues increased 2% to $1.25 billion as recurring revenue growth was partially offset by a sharp decline event driven and related distribution revenues. Let's dive deeper in each of our business segments, starting with ICS on Slide 12. Recurring revenues grew 2% a solid net new business and acquisition gains each contributed 3 points. Organic growth dip negative due to COVID, timing and other impacts. The biggest driver of our decline organic growth was a timing shift and proxy. As you may recall, with the implementation of the new revenue recognition standard last year, Q3 and Q4 mix is very sensitive each day represents about $5 million, so it only takes a couple days of movement to shift meaningful revenue between quarters. This year COVID related safety measures including staff level reductions and social distancing, moved some of our dates out by a few days. This shift lowered our third quarter revenues by $15 million to $20 million.Importantly, stock record growth remained very healthy at 7% and with much of the quarterly volume now shipped, we expect high single-digit stock record growth in the fourth quarter as well. The proxy catch up, coupled with the dramatic pickup in demand for virtual shareholder meetings that Tim described should lead to a notable pickup in our equity proxy revenue line next quarter.Mutual fund and ETF interims revenues benefited from a positive mix shift. Underlying record growth was zero as the fund industry experienced record outflows in March. Customer communications and fulfillment revenues rose 3%, as the decline in equity markets triggered a wave of portfolio rebalancing, which drove a 24% increase in the volume of prospectuses we sent out. Customer communications revenues was also at 3%, which was nice to see.Rounding out ICS recurring revenues, continued growth and data analytics revenue was partially offset by lower revenues from securities market value and interest rate sensitive products and a retirement fund trading and custody business, following the big market declines and the Fed’s decision to slash rates.Looking ahead ICS is on track for mid to high single-digit organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter given the combination of a strong proxy season, the pickup from the proxy timing shift, strong demand for virtual shareholder meetings at a modest pickup and post sale volumes is shaping up to be a strong finish to the year.As I noted in my call outs, event driven revenues declined sharply to $39 million. As you'll see on Slide 13, third quarter event driven revenues were at their lowest level since 2014, reflecting a continuation of the trend we've seen all year and new COVID related delays. As the crisis unfolded, we have seen a couple of notable proxy campaigns pushed into fiscal ‘21 and high profile proxy fights set aside. So we are now anticipating additional declines and event driven revenues in the fourth quarter. Our significantly reduced full year forecast of $155 million would take us to fiscal ‘13 levels and our weakest Q4 for event revenue since fiscal ‘12.Let's turn to our GTO business on Slide 12, which reported very strong results for the third quarter. Revenues rose 23% on 11 points of organic growth. The biggest driver was exceptional trading growth 28% in equities and 19% in fixed income. As Tim noted, it is a testament to our technology and our associates that we handled record volumes so flawlessly. As a reminder, about 30% to 40% of the GTO business is volume sensitive to trading activity. The majority of our contracts are based on trading bands we're not every trade translates into incremental revenue. We also continue to achieve strong net new business additions and pickups from licenses. The recent acquisitions performed well adding meaningful revenue.Beyond the higher trading volumes, the impact of the COVID crisis on our GTO business was limited. We did see one large license contracts slipped out of the quarter and ultimately closed in April. More generally, we are keeping a very close eye on our client on-boarding schedules and most plans are on schedule at this time.Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to see more strong sales to revenue growth and continued higher trading volumes, although below levels in March. In the fourth quarter, we expect GTO organic revenue growth to be in the high single-digit range and total growth in the high teens.Turning to Slide 15. In this uncertain economic environment, our balance sheet is a source of strength. At the close of the quarter, our available liquidity was $1.5 billion comprised of $402 million in cash balances, and $1.1 billion remaining on our committed $1.5 billion revolving credit facility.Moreover, our debt maturity profile further enhances our liquidity outlook. Over 75% of the fixed portion of our debt does not mature for six or more years, our only maturity less than six years is $400 million of senior notes coming due in September of 2020. And we anticipate having ample excess cash and revolver availability to refinance this maturity. Our revolving credit facility has one financial covenant, a debt leverage ceiling which were well below.An important factor in our capital planning is our credit rating. We’ve remain committed to our strong investment grade credit rating while taking a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocations. Given the environment in our recent M&A, we were focused in the near-term and reducing our leverage ratio from about 2.4 times a little elevated with extra cash on the balance sheet to about 2 times by June 30. As a result is unlikely, we will do any meaningful share repurchases in the fourth quarter.Underpinning our capital planning is our free cash flow. Broadridge generated free cash flow of $82 million for the first nine months of the year. We continue to expect healthy free cash flow in the fourth quarter where we typically generate most of our free cash flow.Two other call outs. First in our operating cash flow, you can see the impact of the large investment we are making to develop the UBS and industry Wealth Management platform, which is on schedule. Second, we are keeping a watchful eye on collections which have been very healthy so far in the crisis. We've invested $339 million and tucking M&A fiscal year to-date, which includes our acquisition of funds library that closed at the end of February. Finally, we remain committed to our dividend. And earlier this week, our Board approved our next dividend payable on July 2.I've made a lot of comments about our outlook in my discussion of our results. So let me sum up there -- here with our full year guidance on Slide 16. We expect total recurring revenue growth in the 8% to 10% range for fiscal ‘20, including organic growth of 3% to 4%. Our outlook for the fourth quarter implies high single-digit organic growth within an additional 4 to 6 points from acquisitions for total recurring growth of low to mid-teens.Taking into account, event driven revenues of approximately $155 million down from our previous $175 million to $195 million range and a modest decline in distribution revenues, we're guiding to total revenue growth at the low end of 3% to 6%. We continue to expect our full year adjusted operating income margin to be about 18%.We're expecting adjusted EPS growth of 5% to 7% down from our prior guidance of about 8%. The biggest driver of the decline our EPS guidance is our outlook for event driven revenue. We've also de-risked our outlook for the excess tax benefit to $12 million from $20 million. Notably the reduction in event and ETB combined represents approximately $0.20 or 4 points of EPS growth.Finally, a comment on sales. Our guidance for closed sales in the range of $190 million to $230 million remained unchanged. While our sales pipeline is strong, the challenges of remote work in the stressed economic environment make a wide range especially appropriate. All in all, I would consider this a pretty strong performance if we close out the year with adjusted EPS growth of 5% to 7% in the phase of a $90 million downdraft and event fees and in range sales in this environment. In this outcome, would mean achieving a 16% or better three-year adjusted EPS compared to our target of 14% to 18%.We all know the economic outlook is uncertain and many of you have asked about the outlook for Broadridge beyond our fiscal fourth quarter was so much unknown, I [indiscernible] leave that I don't owe you a 12-month outlook until August. That said, we do want to share with you some of our preliminary thinking about how Broadridge may perform, at least from a revenue perspective in a recession.Let's move to Slide 17, our first point of reference is to go back and look at the last downturn in 2008. We’re stronger company today, it's worth noting how Broadridge performed in the global financial crisis, which began together forced in the beginning of fiscal ‘09. While the impact varied by business and total Broadridge is able to sustain recurring revenue growth of 5% in the first year of the crisis.In the second year that distinctly financial services focused crisis Broadridge posted modest positive growth despite big client consolidations and lower trading volumes. By 2011 Broadridge had returned to mid single-digit organic growth. These crises are very different, and we are better positioned today than we were in 2008 with no clearing business, more diverse revenue streams and a much stronger GTO business.I'll turn to my final Slide 18. There's no easy way to dimension the exact size and shape of the COVID recession. But our initial planning approach has been to assume that we are in a prolonged recession with tough macroeconomic conditions extending through our fiscal ‘21. We feel is a prudent way to prepare for the year ahead while keeping our eye on a large opportunities ahead of us.And assessing our business in a recession scenario is important to first ground and those aspects of our business that we believe are uniquely resilient. First, our biggest revenue growth driver is the conversion of sales to revenue. We currently estimate our revenue backlog to be about $330 million, which is equivalent to 11% of our approximate $3 billion in recurring revenue. This gives us a strong starting point to generate revenue growth without any new sales.Second, one of our most important drivers is position growth and our governance business. And while we expect position growth to be moderate in a recession, we take comfort that aggregate position growth stayed modestly positive even at the low point of the global financial crisis.Third, we have a long track record of 97 plus percent client revenue retention, which should serve us well in a potentially more challenging sales environment. And fourth, the core of what we do is mutualization across the financial services industry, which historically performs well in tougher times.Customer communications, an example of a historically lower growth business is not cyclical and should perform evenly through a recession with even more opportunities. But to be sure, there are definitely headwinds that we expect to feel in this COVID recession. First, because we are beneficiaries of market volatility, we would expect to face some tough comparables and trading and post sale volumes in the second half of next year.Second, lower assets under administration from market declines in interest rates may impact our fees and our mutual fund processing and transfer agency businesses. We're seeing this now in Q3 and Q4. And third, our clients may not be able to engage in on-boarding activities in the same way, which would have the effect of delaying on-boardings. Frankly, though, we're not seeing this at this point. Clients could also contract for smaller or fewer licenses for certain on-premise software. [Net/net], our preliminary work indicates recurring fee growth in the low single-digits in a tougher session, which would again demonstrate the resilience of our business.Again, this represents a preliminary view and is based on our current outlook. We will learn more with the passage of time and more data and we back in August with our Q4 results and latest thinking on fiscal ‘21.Let me wrap up here as I know I've given you a lot to digest. In summary, after a solid third quarter, we expect to close out fiscal ‘20 with very healthy organic recurring revenue growth and strong sales. Our strong balance sheet and ample liquidity keep us well positioned to navigate a challenging environment. Above all, we have the technology, culture and people to grow and succeed. Now back to Tim.
Tim Gokey: Thanks, Jim. Broadridge is well positioned to weather any economic downturn and I've directed our team to prepare for an extended period of economic weakness. As always, we will balance the [sun time] competing imperatives of investing for what we believe is a very strong future and delivering bottom line growth in the near-term. Like others we will use this time to evaluate where we're devoting resources and to concentrate our efforts on those most relevant in the new environment. I'm confident we'll find the right balance, and I look forward to updating you on our next earnings call.I'm convinced that a long-term focus has never been more important. As we emerge from the crisis, the world will be a different place. As I talked to clients it is clear that the fallout will cause permanent shifts in the way they operate that strengthen the long-term drivers of our growth. We must ensure we'll be ready to help our clients with these challenges. First and foremost, the existing trends driving our growth around mutualization, digitization and data will only strengthen in this new normal. A big driver of mutualization has been the need by our clients to reduce the cost and complexity of their operations.Now, if financial services firms comes to grips with slower growth and near zero interest rates, they're need to transform their business with next generation technology will only increase. Our Wealth Management industry that was already in transition will only face more pressure to evolve. The need for digitized communications will grow. The challenges faced in the investment management industry have accelerated.And I’ve noted at the outset of my remarks, the importance of strong corporate governance will only increase as investors ensure the Board's apply hard earned lessons about business and financial risk. But the impact of COVID is going to do more than simply confirm existing trends. It will cause more fundamental changes in client operations. Every business leader has been forced to think more deeply about resilience of their technology and operations, creating an even greater impetus to adopt the right industry solutions with proven scalability and resilience.Simply put, the cost and risk of going it alone has never been greater.The impact a work from home is accelerating digital literacy and the demand for digitized communications. Where they're signing up for digital content or using remote learning tools more people are relying more than ever, on digital communications in every facet of their lives. This is only going to increase the pressure on financial services firms to raise the bar on delivering enhanced digital communications, whether it be a bill, statement, or regulatory disclosure. All these trends play to Broadridge‘s strength and will fuel our growth over the next decade or more.In a time of uncertainty, business fundamentals are more important than ever. And Broadridge’s fundamentals are strong. We have a highly resilient business model with recurring revenues under long-term contract built on providing mission critical services for leading institutions. We have a strong investment grade balance sheet, high liquidity, and a long history of balanced capital allocation, including a dividend that has increased every year since Broadridge, became a public company.And finally, we have a track record of delivering growth backed by 97%, client revenue retention, $330 million sales backlog and favorable long-term trends that have been reinforced by the crisis. So while the near-term remains understandably uncertain, we are well positioned in the longer term opportunity for Broadridge has never been stronger or more clear.Before I close, I want to speak directly to our associates around the globe listening to this call. To all of you working from home, in our production facilities, thank you. You've risen to the challenge under more difficult conditions than any of us could have imagined a few months ago. Thanks to you, our financial system has begun to adapt to the biggest economic shock of our lifetime, keeping vital services open to millions around the globe. I'm truly proud to be in your team. And the best is yet to come.Thank you. And we are now open for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] please limit yourself to two questions. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. First question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead sir.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Tim and Jim. Hope you are both well and healthy. My question really relates to the early thought process you laid out, Jim on fiscal ‘21. Really with three specific points of clarification, first, on position growth, are you assuming position growth falls from high single to low single-digit in fiscal ‘21? The second is on event driven revenue. Are you assuming a further decline in event driven for 2021, if so, how much? And then third, how are you thinking about managing expenses, to the extent of revenue picture for 2021, is challenged as you’ve laid out?
Jim Young: Yes. Thanks, David. Yes, in the position growth scenarios and look, again, very preliminary and we'll come back in August with all of our details. But in the scenarios we laid out, yes, we're seeing -- we would assume that position growth goes from high single-digits to low single-digits, and even flat in -- as we saw in the global financial crisis. So that's embedded in some of our thinking for those scenarios. On event, obviously, it's not in that recurring revenue. We haven't called it out probably just too early, but obviously, we are staring at remarkable lows of $155 million, which takes us back seven, eight years. And we are -- so I think, all in all, that's a good base to start-off just given -- no one can call bottom but, clearly a good base to build-off, but we'll come back in August with our thoughts on event recognizing that's always the toughest line item, to get.
David Togut: And then --
Jim Young: And then on -- Yes.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I don't know, Jim, you want you continue on the expense side, if you want me to grab that. Okay, we're not in the same room. So we're doing this over a WebEx. So you can imagine the hand waving that's going on. So the important thing as we go into next year is that we positioned ourselves for the future. And we think, as I said earlier, that there are real opportunities they are going to be coming out of this. And so we will definitely be investing in ‘21. At the same time, given our scenarios around revenue growth, we need to match our expense growth as well. And so we'll be looking very carefully at all of our expenses. And as you heard me say, we'll be looking at all the areas of investment we have to make sure that we're really focused on the ones that have the biggest impact in this in this new environment.
David Togut: Understood, stay safe.
Tim Gokey: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Donat: Hi, good morning. It's good to hear your voices. I wanted to ask kind of a follow up on the event driven just to think about the -- I don't know if cycles was always the right word to talk about it, but it's – there’s anything fundamentally changed on event driven either from the corporate proxy side or for mutual funds that would you think might alter things and I know there's other puts and takes around contested proxies and things like that, but just the big picture on the mutual fund activity?
Tim Gokey: Yes, absolutely. It is [indiscernible] event driven revenues are core to our business. They can be quite volatile. They're attractive high margin business, and they grow over time in line with stock record growth. And what we're seeing right now is cyclical. We are not seeing any changes to the underlying structure for different reasons, both mutual fund proxy and equity contests are cyclical lows, typically, in these periods of high stress fund companies do what they can to put off these events. So we wouldn't expect to see that anything comeback really on the mutual fund side in a significant way. On the equity contest side, we've clearly seen a pullback and activism during the -- this part of the crisis, what lots of people are saying is that, that will be back in the future. So we'll have to see how that goes. I think the good news is that we're delivering 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth in the face of this $90 million pullback in event this year, and we won't face that grow over next year. So I think with those points, we feel good about the contribution event we'll make in the future.
Chris Donat: Okay, that's helpful. And then as we think about, Tim, you alluded to some of the conversations you're starting to have with potential new business opportunities. Can you give us any more color on that one or is it just too soon to know where you might have new business opportunities with existing clients or are you getting some inbound phone calls from potential new clients? I got to believe that you’ve-- there are a lot of banks and brokerage firms in the world that figured out that their technology was not everything it should be in March and April.
Tim Gokey: Yes, I think as you said these long-term conversations, it is definitely true that many firms experience challenges. I think that the trend toward mutualization will accelerate as in-house platforms make even less sense. And firm's ability to invest in those things versus other priorities that are more customer facing will be even lower. So we do see significant long-term opportunity. Those discussions typically do take a while. And then in terms of the other opportunities we're seeing, we're certainly expect that what we're seeing with virtual shareholder meetings, there will be some -- obviously, there are states that that did give a temporary, temporary reprieve. So those will go the other way. But I think people are going to see the success of this season, and how well those are going and getting very good feedback on them. And that will continue that trend. And obviously, as I said in my remarks, we believe that the trend towards digital communication continues to represent a real opportunity.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks very much. Stay safe guys.
Tim Gokey: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Nice guys. Glad to hear you. Are you doing okay? Look, I mean, I think it's really something and it's impressive to see the March, close sales growth rate still strong per your comments. I guess I'd really just be curious to hear where you're adding business in this kind of environment, like what kind of calls you're getting inbound for what specific businesses, I mean, the resilience of your business is clearly showing through versus a lot of other companies that are coverage in the market overall. But, what can you actually add? What's the highest demand right now, if we just start there?
Tim Gokey: Yes. First of all, we just talked about March. It was interesting because we didn't have any sales that were above a $1.5 million in March. We had a lot of different solutions. And as you know, we have a pretty wide solutions set there and so, it was gratifying to see such a nice increase across a broad array of products. And as we look forward we think about the sales that will happen in the next six months or so those are based on conversations that are already taking place. And there's a nice balance of conversations across both the communication side of the business and the technology side of the business with some, we think some pretty exciting solutions that we are in discussions with clients. As we look at the period, beyond that, then we're getting into -- things will take longer, but it's interesting, one of the things we monitor very closely is our pipeline, our pipeline information of new opportunities and that is holding it very nicely. So what we're seeing is, not just at least March not just the continuation of sales, but also the continuation of the pipeline building.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And in terms of your capability to implement deals in the -- in a more remote working environment, obviously hopefully this doesn't last forever, but can you just comment on your capabilities in that to actually execute on contracts and new business? And then maybe just a quick touching upon the [BRCC] area growth in the quarter? Was there anything update on the post sale prospectus dynamic or just any more color you can give on that? That growth profile having looks like an [indiscernible]. Thanks, guys.
Tim Gokey: Yes, okay. So just both good topics so, on implementations, this is certainly something that we are watching very carefully. We have been really impressed with how smoothly the transition to work from home has gone. And, it's going reasonably well for our clients as well. And so we are seeing -- we're not seeing a drop-off in productivity relative to our on-boarding projects. And so, it is something that we are going to watch very carefully and that we have in our scenarios. We looked at different scenarios for that. But we are not seeing any change or pushback in our major projects to-date.On the BRCC side -- we did and there's a couple pieces there Dan, there's -- that in that communications and fulfillment line, there's the post sale piece in those BRCC proper which is the transactional print piece. The post sale dynamics, very, very high volumes, this quarter relative to all of the trading activity in that more than made up for if you recall, we were planning a bit of a downtick there based on some changes and how people are handling managed accounts. But that was more than made up for by the volatility.And then on the BRCC side, as I mentioned at the last call, the offloading of major compliance is complete. And so we did see modest growth in Q3 from higher transaction volumes as the second quarter of stabilization and slight growth. For the year we're expecting BRCC to contribute to earnings but not to revenue growth.And we continue to have discussions with large clients about outsourcing their in-house transactional communications, and that's a part of that long-term hypothesis. And we are continuing progress on digital with more than 100 bond fund complexes on a digital platform and we expect further growth as they begin to take advantage of new capabilities. So we're feeling especially in this uncertain environment as a very stable business and we're feeling very solid about it.
Darrin Peller: Okay, that's good to hear. All right, stay safe guys and thank you.
Tim Gokey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Puneet Jain of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Puneet Jain: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I like to know you all are safe. So, Tim, you have been quite acquisitive recently. Should we expect like a pause there in M&A activity given everything that's going on related to COVID and market?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Puneet. Great question, and we did make a lot of investments in fiscal ‘20. And we really like what we got and is making a nice impact on our business, particularly on the wealth management side. And that has left us with a little bit elevated leverage because we like being investment grade, we like to 2.0. And we're going to work that down here over this next quarter's, we have very strong cash flow. As we look forward, we want to put ourselves in a position of being very flexible going forward. And so let me just say ask Jim to, to comment further and give us any additional color on that.
Jim Young: Tim got it right, I think near-term goal is to end the year, much closer to our two times number, which I think keeps us in really good shape and a lot of flexibility for all of the capital allocation priorities we have, and I think it'll leave us in a really good position to be opportunistic down the road, but we'll be making sure that we are ready and nimble and healthy.
Puneet Jain: And then how does the economics of virtual shareholder meetings like meaningful projects give us a sense of like the scale like the magnitude of potential impact, you might get there from [indiscernible] shareholder meetings virtually?
Jim Young: Yes, Puneet a great question. These are not major events in and of themselves you know, think of a ticket price of anywhere from $10,000 to $15,000 per meeting. And so by themselves, they -- they're nice is not going to materially move the ICS line. What it does do though is it really cements our relationship with those companies with the Corporate Secretary, the Assistant Corporate Secretary, and it leads over time to us being able to help them in other ways. And our vision as you know is to provide a very holistic approach to the annual meeting where we're doing a number of the services in and around the annual meeting. And so, we have been doing the proxy piece. But as we go out to the other services in and around that we think we can make it much more convenient and much deeper relationships with our corporate issuer clients.
Puneet Jain: Got it and who would you compete in that business for virtual shareholders meetings?
Tim Gokey: Well, for virtual shareholder meetings, it is that -- it's not just doing a WebEx or a webcast, it is -- there is real capabilities required to validate shareholders and to provide voting in real time the transfer agents have created a competing offer basically and we provide information to them to allow them to do that. The -- their offers are much more nascent than others. We've been doing it for a long time, and, frankly do our bit more clunky. So, we do have a strong advantage in this. And it's something that we – we think we can do really well for people.
Puneet Jain: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning, maybe to follow up on your earlier commentary on development. Any update on your UBS build out, I think it sounds like that CapEx spend is still taking place as expected, but any changes in the development timeline or the go live timeline with that one?
Tim Gokey: Yes, thank you for that question. It is -- that really remains very much on track. We are -- we've continued to be very excited about the overall opportunity in Wealth Management and with UBS. And as you saw, we appointed Mike Alexander to lead our Wealth Management business. So that is a key step there. We are investing significantly in that engagement for UBS and for the platform to really create what we think is the platform, the future that will be very attractive for others in the industry, and that project remains on track. And it's one of those examples of some large project and we could have seen a change but we're working very effectively in the remote environment.And then just stepping back from UBS talk more broadly about wealth, we feel really good about that. Overall opportunity, when you look at the M&A we've done over the past year, there's a fair bit of it that was in and around Wealth Management. And that has led to a lot of good discussions across the spectrum and Wealth Management space. We are having a number of discussions with large wealth managers, nothing imminent, but there are real pain points we can solve around helping people move to more open architecture platform in the future.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great, appreciate that. And then just a quick clarification question. You've mentioned a couple of times the $330 million sales backlog. Is the number at the end of March or are you referring to the number that you guys previously discussed as of the end of fiscal 2019?
Jim Young: Yes, Patrick, this is Jim. The -- it's one of the same, we will do a final true up year-end, but we are -- our estimate right now is that it's somewhat similar, which means we've added $120 plus million in sales this year, and we've on-boarded somewhat similar amounts. So you're back to a similar place. Obviously, if we have the strong Q4 that we're planning that we would be adding to that in the fourth quarter and again, we'll come back and through this all up and August.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Good. I was going to -- I do want to summarize here, I just want to mention, I want to just expand on one answer that we talked about previously was just -- we got into a discussion about capital allocation. And I did just want to mention, we just paid our dividend and that is something that we continue to think is important going forward.So we remain committed to our dividend and that was something I just think it's important in the context of the call for that to be out there. So with that, I want to thank you for joining today. These are unprecedented times and because of what we do and because of how we're doing it Broadridge is resilient and performing strongly. We expect, as Jim said, a strong fourth quarter. And while there is uncertainty around ‘21, we are positioned well, and we see real opportunity as the world evolves to a new normal. So thank you very much for joining today. And we appreciate the support. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Broadridge Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Thibault, please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Dana. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Broadridge's fiscal second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO and our CFO Jim Young.Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. I'll begin today with some key highlights on the second quarter, which are on slide 4. Broadridge continued to execute well in a mixed quarter.Recurring revenues rose 7% to $648 million, driven by strong revenue from sales, as well as contributions from recent acquisitions. I'm especially encouraged by the second quarter record, $39 million of revenue from closed sales, which show the impact of our strong backlog and client demand.Lower market driven activity prevented an even higher result and we expect organic growth to pick up in the second half, leading to an 8% to 10% year for recurring revenue.That said, event driven activity came in significantly below our expectations, leading to a 5% decline in adjusted EPS in a seasonally small quarter. We now expect a lower level of event driven activity to persist into the second half of fiscal 2020.Importantly, our recent acquisitions are performing strongly. Both RPM and TD Ameritrade, which we acquired in Q4 are significantly ahead of last year and ahead of our expectations. It's great to see the revenue synergies playing out early. Broadridge's value proposition continues to resonate strongly with our clients. We posted another strong sales quarter and year-to-date our sales are up double digits excluding the UBS mega deal from a year ago.Looking forward, we've now entered the more significant second half of the year where we typically generate more than 70% of our earnings. I'm pleased to say, we remain on track to achieve our recurring revenue and adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. We expect recurring revenue growth of 8% to 10%, driven by stronger organic growth and continued strength in the recent acquisitions.As I noted earlier, we expect event driven activity to remain soft with the event driven revenue decline of 20% to 30% for the full year. It's a real tribute to the resiliency of our business model that despite that pressure, we continue to expect to deliver within our 8% to 12% adjusted EPS guidance, albeit at the low end.In sum, we remain confident in our opportunity. Nothing about the short-term fluctuations in event activity, which we've seen many times before changes that. We continue to see strong sales and strong performance and we continue to invest in new products and technology and we see exciting milestones later this year.With that, let's turn to slide 5 to dig a little deeper into our operating results starting with our ICS segment. ICS recurring revenues excluding customer communications rose 9%, driven by 4% organic growth and the addition of the TD Ameritrade retirement assets and our recent Fi360 acquisition.The biggest engine of organic growth was new funds and ETF interims where we benefited from strong fund flows, which helped drive 6% fund interims record growth. Also contributing to our growth was continued demand for our data and analytics products, which posted another quarter of double-digit growth.As I mentioned earlier, the business we acquired from TD within our fund processing business is off to a strong start. That growth was offset by a drag from customer communications, which declined 3% due to weaker mutual fund communications, especially lower post-sale prospectus volumes.We provide prospectuses to broker clients when they purchased their first shares of a new fund or ETF. During the second quarter that business was impacted by a double-digit decline in the volume of new mutual fund and ETF sales as we lapped the significant purchase volumes we saw during last year's period of market volatility.We're also seeing a modest impact from increased suppressions, which we expect to weigh on growth going forward. The good news is that the larger transactional communications business stabilized with revenue from sales, offsetting losses and erosion.Despite the progress in recurring, the biggest driver of ICS results was event driven revenues, which declined $17 million or 36% year-over-year. What was striking was the overall low level of event driven activity. As you know, the largest part of event driven revenue is related to the timing of mutual fund and ETF board elections take place every five to seven years. This activity was at a low point for the decade.The long-term underlying positive driver here is mutual fund and ETF position growth, which has risen at a high single-digit rate for the past decade, driven by the importance of mutual funds and ETFs as savings vehicles for millions of Americans.A smaller driver of event revenues is activity related to special meetings, which should be triggered by public company M&A and/or shareholder activism. These results are even more volatile and difficult to forecast and were notably weak in the second quarter.Given both the low rate environment and the money invested in active strategies, we continue to believe these revenues will grow over any medium-term period.Event-driven activity is a core part of our governance business and a contributor to our long-term growth in earnings. It is lumpier than the rest of our business, which is why we break it out separately. That said, adjusted EPS guidance shows our business model can withstand a fair degree of pressure here and still deliver attractive returns, while continuing to invest for long-term growth. Jim will touch on investment trends in more detail in his section.Let's turn to GTO where we're growing our business through a combination of tuck-in acquisitions and delivering on our revenue backlog. GTO revenues grew 14% to $281 million. Our recent acquisitions were the biggest contributor to our second quarter growth. Over the past three quarters Broadridge has made five tuck-in M&A investments to help strengthen capital markets, wealth and investment management product suites.We're making very strong progress in integrating these acquisitions and are seeing good growth that's ahead of our business plan. Our clients have reacted positively to Broadridge taking over these products and we've seen multiple instances where clients upsized new client -- new contracts or extended the term of existing ones from one to two years to four to five years. That's a strong testament to Broadridge and the strategic fit of our recent additions.The next biggest contributor in Q2 was revenue from sales, which was a healthy 8% reflecting our ability to translate our strong backlog and sales into recurring revenue. This was offset to some degree by trading weakness in equities and other pressures and organic growth ticked up modestly from Q1 to 4%. Looking ahead, the combination of strong revenue from sales and easing of other pressures puts us on track to achieve stronger organic growth in the second half.I'll close my review of our second quarter operating results by touching on closed sales. Notable sales in the second quarter included an adviser compensation sale to a leading independent wealth manager and an upsale to a global investment bank. Excluding the large wealth management sale from UBS that we closed in October of last fiscal year, year-to-date closed sales are up double-digits, which speaks to the appeal of Broadridge's value proposition.Let's move to Slide 6 for a review of regulatory topics and recent strategic initiatives. On regulatory initiatives, the SEC continues to assess a range of topics to touch on our business. I'll start with the change that is well underway rule 30e-3 or notice and access through mutual funds. This is the rule that was adopted in June of 2018 and that will go into effect in calendar 2021 allowing mutual funds to send their investors and notice that annual and semiannual reports are available instead of sending them the full report.We're actively engaged with hundreds of fund families to help them notify their investors with a prospective change and capture their preferences. This regulation will have only a modestly positive impact on Broadridge, but thanks to our work, mutual funds will be able to realize significant print and distribution savings beginning next year. It's one more instance of Broadridge saving the industry time and money. At the same time, the SEC adopted 30e-3, it also asked for comments on the future client experience for mutual fund communications.Broadridge and industry participants submitted comments a little over a year ago showing how the current format can be streamlined and the critical information investors need around fees and performance can be better highlighted in simpler, easier-to-understand formats. We're now seeing some momentum around those topics. The SEC staff has said in public forums that is considering options for shorter and more engaging report. And in November this topic of streamlined communications was moved onto the SEC's short-term agenda.Given the importance of mutual funds to the savings of tens of millions of households, we favor any step to ensure mainstream investors have better access to the critical inflation they need and that streamlined digital communications can deliver this information more effectively at a much lower total cost. Finally, on the proxy plumbing side, a set of working groups was established last summer on various topics including end-to-end confirmation, OBO and NOBO, universal proxy, fees and future technology opportunities. These groups meet periodically and have no time line for issuing a recommendation to the SEC.That said, Broadridge is working closely with SIFMA and other stakeholders to develop an industry consensus around end-to-end vote confirmation, which is a key priority for the SEC. Stepping back, the SEC has shown that it is clearly engaged in trying to understand how it can strengthen our corporate governance system and make it more cost-effective. Thoughtfully moving 30e-3 forward while simultaneously seeking information on how to make communications more effective is positive for Broadridge.The SEC appears to have a clear goal: use technology to help drive down costs and increase shareholder engagement. Given our investments in these areas and our long-term focus, we think we are well positioned to help achieve that objective. Broadridge remains committed to investing in our long-term growth. Since we reported first quarter earnings in November, we've announced two additional acquisitions. The first ClearStructure strengthens the investment management part of our wealth business.ClearStructure broadens our asset class coverage to include more fixed income capabilities. It's well aligned with our strategy of building a true cross-asset platform to enable asset managers to have a single view into their book of business and optimize their investment workflow on a front-to-back basis. The second acquisition which we announced last week will further our strategy in building a leading regulatory communications business in Europe.Combining FundsLibrary's capabilities in fund document and data dissemination with Broadridge's existing regulatory communications offerings will strengthen our business in Europe and elsewhere by helping fund managers meet the regulatory requirements across multiple jurisdictions.Coming on the back of our other recent acquisitions including Rockall and RPM in the fourth quarter and Shadow and Fi360 early in the second quarter, Broadridge is continuing to push hard on strengthening our core franchise business across governance, capital markets and wealth. These acquisitions will extend our ability to bring value to our clients and are an integral part of our capital stewardship and long-term growth strategy.Another key part of our value proposition is helping our clients access new technologies, especially across the ABCDs of innovation: AI, blockchain, cloud and digital. So we're excited by the launch of the Broadridge private cloud, powered by IBM. By transitioning our global distributed technology platforms to IBM, we will be able to accelerate our hybrid multi-cloud strategy.Broadridge's private cloud will enable us to more rapidly provision additional capacity and services for our global clients, while increasing the overall resilience of our network. Extending our long-standing partnership with IBM also positions us to use Red Hat technology to containerize our apps, which enables them to run both in our private cloud as well as on AWS. Accelerating our hybrid cloud strategy will enable Broadridge to further deliver next-generation SaaS solutions.Investing in new products and capabilities is a key part of our formula for long-term success. We're funding these growth investments even in a year when we were seeing pressure from event-driven revenues, the technology investments across the ABCD. These investments are translating into a very healthy pipeline of innovative new capabilities that create additional value for clients and shareholders, driving top quartile results over time.In governance, we're rolling out modernized proxy template as we speak, we're launching an industry solution for 30e-3 and we've introduced a new global fund analytics platform. We're bringing enhanced digital capabilities to our communications clients and using distributed ledger technology to enable European banks and brokers to meet the requirements and the Shareholder Rights Directive.Capital markets. We continue to strengthen our global post-trade management platform. We're also expecting a soft launch over the summer of our AI-driven fixed income trading capability and are launching a repo market solution based on blockchain in fiscal 2021. We expect both of these internal builds to contribute meaningfully in the future. And, of course, we're making very good progress in building a next-generation industry platform for the wealth management industry, which we expect will come live in 2021.Earlier this week we named Mike Alexander as head of our newly combined wealth business, an important milestone in the creation of this new franchise. Since January 2, I've met with more than a dozen CEOs and other senior leaders at our largest clients. These conversations leave me more convinced than ever about the opportunity we have in front of us.It's clear that financial services CEOs are very engaged in driving technology and business transformation. And they're excited about Broadridge as a key partner with them on industry solutions, with next-generation technology that will simplify and improve their operations.For all these reasons, our technology leadership, organic product investments, continued tuck-in M&A and a healthy sales pipeline, I'm confident and excited about how Broadridge is capitalizing on a strong and growing market opportunity to create sustained growth, not only in the second half of fiscal 2020, but well into the future. Before I turn the call over to Jim, I want to thank our associates for the work they do to help our clients and enable better financial lives for millions, by powering investing, governance and communications. It's making a real difference.Let me now turn the call over to Jim to walk through our financials. Jim?
Jim Young: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Our Q2 financial results had some very positive signs, but were below our own expectations. However, we are on track to deliver against our fiscal year 2020 guidance and long-term objectives. Before reviewing our results, I'll make a few call-outs.First, event-driven activity. Event fees declined notably from Q2 a year ago, driving a decline in our second quarter earnings. Event fees were also much lighter than our expectations. We now expect full year event-driven fee revenues to be down 20% to 30% versus last year.Second, recurring growth. Recurring growth for the quarter was 7% with strong contributions from new sales and acquisitions. Third, organic growth. Organic recurring fee growth was light at 1.5% in the quarter. New revenue from sales contributed a Q2 record $39 million or 6 points to organic growth in the quarter. That strong result was offset by negative internal growth. We expect organic growth to pick up in the second half as sales contributions remained strong and internal growth flips to positive.Fourth, capital, two updates here. The first is M&A. Since our last call, we have announced two additional tuck-in acquisitions ClearStructure and FundsLibrary. That brings our fiscal year-to-date M&A investments to approximately $310 million. The second update is our debt offering. We issued $750 million in 10-year senior notes at a 2.9% coupon in early December, highlighting the value of strong capital structure.The fifth call-out is the Broadridge private cloud. In the second quarter, we recorded charges of $33 million representing a non-cash loss on hardware assets to be transferred to IBM and other related charges. Sixth and final, guidance. Our overall guidance remains broadly unchanged. However, given the slow start to the year in organic growth, we expect organic growth to have less of a contribution to our total recurring fee growth of 8% to 10% versus contributions from acquisitions, with full year organic growth of 3% to 4% versus our prior view of 5% to 7%. Additionally, we expect the weakness in event-driven activity to continue into the second half. However, we remain on track to deliver 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth, albeit, at the low end, given the event pressures.Let's turn to slide seven for a review of our second quarter revenue drivers. I'll start with recurring fee revenues. Overall, our recurring fee revenues rose 7% in the quarter. Within recurring fees, we are especially pleased with our sales-driven growth, contributing 6 points to growth. This is a Q2 record, as we continue to make progress against our healthy revenue backlog.Acquisitions also contributed six points of growth as a very productive nine months of tuck-in acquisition work are yielding meaningful revenue additions. Internal growth, which has been a consistent contributor, was notably negative in the second quarter and a drag on organic growth.As Tim noted, lower customer communications volumes and lower trading volumes were the chief contributors here. Again this negative three points of growth dampened an otherwise good quarter on sales-to-revenue conversion.We expect organic revenue growth to improve in our seasonally larger second half and to exit the year at a healthy clip. The improvement should come from the combination of sustained strong sales to revenue performance and internal growth flipping to positive territory.Moving down to total revenue. Total revenues grew 2% to $969 million in the quarter. Strong gains in recurring revenues were offset by declines in event-driven fees which also impacted distribution revenues. And finally foreign exchange impacts related to growth in our international businesses from acquisitions most notably RPM lowered revenue growth by one point.Next, I'd like to put some context around Q2 and year-to-date event activity. Let's turn to Slide 8. The biggest driver of event volatility is the timing of large mutual funds go out for proxy. Another driver of volatility is large high-profile equity contests. which are generally episodic and unpredictable.We've experienced both large funds going out for proxy and big contest in recent years, especially fiscal 2018. Year-to-date, we have had no such large events and at the same time saw very light activity across more run-of-the-mill requests like special meetings, various types of mutual fund shareholder communications and capital markets transactions.To put that in context comparing our fiscal 2020 results to our five-year history shows that Q2 total event fees of $31 million were 36% below last year, 42% below our Q2 average and just above the five-year low in fiscal 2017. The story is largely the same across both equity and mutual fund types of event revenue.The mutual fund activity slowdown is certainly more pronounced, especially as we are not seeing any large campaigns. We believe this represents cyclical softness and not some broader secular trend.Looking ahead, we expect that period of softness to extend into the second half. We are expecting activity to pick up sequentially in the second half, both as a result of normal seasonality as well as our visibility into a few small- to medium-sized mutual fund proxy campaigns.For the full year, we expect event-driven fee revenue to be in the range of $175 million to $195 million, down about 20% to 30% from last year, well below our five-year average and closer to the five-year low. That implies $104 million to $124 million for the second half. This is down considerably from our outlook a quarter ago but still at a manageable level.Next I'll cover the performance of our ICS and GTO segments on Slide 9. I'll start with ICS. I've already covered event-driven revenues, so I'll focus on recurring revenues, which grew 3%. Looking at the drivers behind the 3% increase, solid net new business gains contributed three points. Internal growth dipped negative, largely from the impact of lower customer communications volumes offset by higher mutual fund interims.Recent acquisitions contributed an additional three points of growth with TD outperforming. We expect ICS organic revenue growth to pick up over the balance of fiscal 2020 as we benefit from the full weight of higher proxy volumes in the second half of the year but to be a little below our historical 4% to 6% annual growth rates as the decline in mutual fund communications that Tim referenced will continue to be a drag on growth over the balance of fiscal 2020.ICS total revenues declined 2%, driven primarily by the decline in event-driven revenues and related distribution revenues. We expect the distribution revenue decline to abate in the second half of the year driven by expected higher regulatory communications and other mix shifts.Turning to GTO. Revenues rose 14%, driven by the acquisitions of RPM and Rockall and more recently Shadow and ClearStructure. Organic growth was 4%, driven by new revenue from sales which drove eight points of growth as we onboarded new clients onto our platforms. This was offset in part by a decline in equity volumes.Looking ahead, GTO is well positioned for accelerating growth. We expect the continued benefit of strong sales to revenue growth as we continue to work through our large revenue backlog. We also expect internal growth to turn firmly positive on easing pressures.Net-net, we expect GTO organic revenue growth to be mid- to high single-digit range in the back half of the year. Combined with acquisitions, we expect strong teens total growth for GTO in the second half.Let's turn to profits on Slide 10. Adjusted operating income declined $7 million or 7% driven by a decline in event-driven revenues. As most of you know, event-driven revenues are highly profitable so they tend to have an outsized effect on our income when they decline.Adjusted EPS benefited modestly from a lower tax rate due to the relative size of the excess tax benefit for equity compensation, which was $2 million. With $8 million year-to-date, we continue to expect a full year ETB benefit of $20 million.Pausing to look at our GAAP EPS, you can clearly see the effect of the $33 million charge associated with the Private Cloud Agreement with IBM this quarter. We've excluded this charge from our adjusted [ph] results.Next is cash flow and the balance sheet on Slide 11. Broadridge generated free cash flow of negative $32 million for the first half of the year. This is not uncommon for our seasonal cash flow, especially with major boardings and flight. We continue to expect healthy free cash flow for the full year, a big contribution from the seasonally stronger second half of the year.An important benefit of the Private Cloud Agreement is the reduction in our overall capital spending related to technology infrastructure, as we move to a more consumption-based model. We expect to see some benefit from that in the second half.Rounding out free cash flow and as we discussed in August, we are seeing continued investment commensurate with our revenue backlog related to client-driven work we are doing to build out our global post-trade management platform and our new wealth product, along with more general client onboarding. This anticipated pickup is evident in our first half free cash flows.As noted, we remain active on the M&A front this quarter. And with three acquisitions representing an aggregate purchase price of about $230 million that brings our year-to-date investment in M&A to approximately $270 million. This does not include our acquisition of FundsLibrary for approximately $69 million announced last week. Given two dividend distributions, our capital return to shareholders this year has been $119 million.Finally on capital, our senior notes issuance gives us liquidity to refinance our upcoming $400 million bond maturity in September of this calendar year to fund additional acquisitions, if the opportunity arises and/or return capital to shareholders.Let's turn to guidance on page 12, and starting with recurring revenues. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 8% to 10%. After a slow start to the year, we now see organic growth for the full year at 3% to 4%, down from 5% to 7%. We expect organic growth to pick up in the second half of 2020 as a result of healthy proxy revenue, as we enter the heart of the proxy season, continued good growth in mutual fund and ETF interims and GTO acceleration as we see continued benefit from new sales additions and an easy – an easing of internal growth comps.These drivers will be partially offset by continued weakness in ICS customer communications revenues. In addition, we expect our acquisitions to contribute five-plus points to Broadridge's overall recurring fee growth rate for the year.Total revenues, we expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 6% even with this latest outlook for event activity. Adjusted EPS, our guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12% is unchanged. However, given lower event-driven revenues, we expect to be at the low end of that range. Closed sales, we continue to expect closed sales to be in the range of $190 million to $230 million.Finally, we have adjusted our guidance for both GAAP operating income and diluted EPS to reflect higher acquisition amortization in the private cloud-related charge.In summary, after a slow start to the year, we expect GTO acceleration and a healthy proxy season to drive improved organic growth in the seasonally bigger second half of the year. And we remain on track to deliver our full year revenue and earnings guidance. And importantly, we are also on track to meet our three-year objectives for fiscal years 2018 through 2020.And with that, operator we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. I'd just like to clarify, one part of your updated guidance for fiscal 2020, Jim. I think initially in the FY 2020 guide, you were expecting a four percentage point contribution from M&A to recurring fee revenue growth. So originally you were guiding to 8% to 10% recurring fee revenue growth, which implied four points from M&A and four to six points organic. But with M&A coming in about six percentage points to recurring revenue year-to-date that implies organic about two points lower more like two to four percentage points. So is that correct in the way I'm thinking about that? And then my follow-up really is on the internal revenue growth, which you have down 3% on slide 7. Is that really almost all just the decline in event-driven, or is there some other components there that we should focus on?
Jim Young: Yeah David. As I said in my remarks, we now see organic growth at 3% to 4%. And I also said that, we expect acquisitions to be another five-plus points, which gets us back to this range of 8% to 10%. As we look at that internal growth, I think it's important to remember that 3% to 4% is comprised of the softer first half at about 2%. And we see strength in the second half, especially the fourth quarter, which helps us exit the year at a healthy rate.And then specifically, and it relates to your next question on internal growth remember that event-driven is not reported in our recurring revenue. So it's not – the internal growth is not related to event. What you're seeing in that internal growth is a function of trades some of the weaker mutual fund communications that Tim referenced driving that. When we look in the second half and we think about the strength of our proxy season a couple of comps just easing a little bit we think that internal growth flips to positive. So it's that combination of continued strength on revenue from new sales, plus positive internal growth helps us exit the year at a higher organic growth level.
David Togut: Is the weakness in trade volumes just market conditions being soft, or are you concerned there might be some share shift there?
Jim Young: No. This is really the equity volumes that some of the industry has seen much weaker. We were down 16%. And so in hindsight not a big surprise, but clearly that's something that usually is sort of neutral to positive. So we were down 16% that's going to put some pressure on revenue growth at the margin.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning, guys. So just wanted to drill down a little bit more into the underlying drivers behind lowering the full year organic recurring revenue guide to 3% to 4%. I know you spoke about this a little bit in your prepared remarks, but maybe if you can summarize kind of what are the key moving parts to take that down for the year. And then, I think building off of that, what are the implications if any in terms of your outlook for fiscal 2021 and beyond for organic recurring revenue growth?
Tim Gokey: Patrick I'm going to start, this is Tim, and then I'm going to let Jim add on to that. I think one of the broad points is really implicit in what we've been saying, but I think it's worth just restating is that we are really an annual company. And so when you think about what are our drivers of organic growth, it's really around position growth and then revenue from new sales.And in the seasonally small first half, that position growth doesn't really have a chance to come through and have the impact that it does for the full year. Remember that 70% of our proxy business is in the second half.So, I think we see that position growth coming through and having a bigger impact in the second half, a turnaround in some of the smaller internal growth factors that Jim talked about that's why we feel good about -- as well as the continued strong performance on revenue from sales, that's why we feel good about the acceleration in the second half.And then what you're going to see is that building from Q3 into Q4 so the exit rate in Q4 I think is -- will be the strongest part of the year and that gives us a good feeling about 2021.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. Thank you, Tim. And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks some commentary about in the communications business I think increased suppressions weighing on growth going forward. Can you provide a little bit more detail on kind of what that means?
Tim Gokey: Sure. The -- some of our -- our large clients are always looking at how they manage their costs. And as they've been looking at their client experience and specifically how they handle the treatment of communications to managed account holders, a couple of the -- our larger clients are taking a little different view on that and that's something that we think will persist over time. And so they're just doing some fine-tuning about who they send what to. And so that is -- didn't have that much of an impact in the first half. It will have some impact in the second half and that's built into all the forecasts and guidance that we've given.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Ken Hill: Hi, good morning. Had a question on the IBM deal, I know you talked about it a little bit in the prepared remarks. But I was hoping you can maybe walk through any potential changes we can expect on the operating expenses going forward as a result of that agreement?And then also kind of on the flip side of that maybe talk a little bit more specifically about some of the opportunities you're thinking about given the flexibility this platform might allow you going forward. Thanks.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Ken thanks for asking that question and I'll start and let Jim add in anything that I missed. But we're really excited about this. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's a real step forward in our hybrid multi-cloud strategy. We think it's going to enable us to really speed our time to market. It's going to offer enhanced resiliency. It is going to allow us to offer new capabilities over time and really we think improved strength of our SaaS offering.Importantly, -- and I didn't get into this as much on the cause not a substitute for our public cloud strategy and we continue to invest strongly with AWS. We have 80 teams at work refactoring various applications and modernizing them and we see that as a real modernization approach.But the nice thing about the private cloud approach is it doesn't require any change to the applications. It doesn't require any client testing and also there were a number of our associates that moved to IBM. So, those associates will be able to continue to support us and have great career tracks.So, we think it's a win for our clients it's a win for our associates and it does -- when we talk about what's the impact on our operating expense, it is more efficient. And that is going to enable us in the near-term to increase our investment in terms of moving to the public cloud and developing our application.So, it really is a nice move away from spending money on running servers and things like that to being able to invest in things that will make a real difference for our clients. So, we are excited about that.And then the last piece is what it will also free up is capital dollars that we're investing. So, in addition to the expense today we have capital dollars that we won't have in the future.
Ken Hill: Okay. Thanks for the detail there. One quick one though on closed sales. I think after the first quarter, you guys were up 103% and then the latest update was up double-digits year-to-date basis. Is there any more color you can provide on just second quarter activity?
Tim Gokey: Second quarter we felt really nice about. We have ended the first half really where we had hoped to for the first half. And so it was -- if you take out the very large deal from last year, it was about on track with last year. And the timing between first and second quarter I think something happened in Q1 that is great that they happened as early as they did. So, we feel really on track in terms of delivering on our full year sales guidance.
Ken Hill: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Next question comes from Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann: Hey good morning gentlemen. Just a couple of follow-ups. In terms of the M&A that's contributing to fiscal 2020 just in terms of a rough number, the $39 million this quarter, we're thinking it's somewhere around $140 million for the full year?
Tim Gokey: Yes, the $39 million peak for this quarter is--
Jim Young: The sales contribution.
Tim Gokey: The revenue from sale not specifically the M&A number.
Jim Young: Pete, sorry, I may have misunderstood it. Just remember we're taking about five points -- better than five points of growth coming from M&A and our recurring revenue for this year.
Peter Heckmann: Okay five points to recurring. Okay. And then in terms of a little bit softer revenue in customer communications. Are you seeing any acceleration to e-delivery or e-billing that's playing into that, or is it other issues?
Tim Gokey: We're just -- and you're a little soft, we're approximating the question, Pete, but it is -- I think, I would say, yes and no is my answer, which is we do definitely see continued traction on digital and that's a very positive thing. But that's not the cause of what you're seeing this quarter.So what you're seeing this quarter is really very much around the post-sale business and the change we saw in really volumes there. And again, we projected those volumes going forward for the second half.And we'll -- just because I -- as you say digital it sort of gets my juices flowing. I can't help, but talk about that a little bit. If you look at some of the things that we have going on in digital over the past two years, we have onboarded more than 100 mutual fund complexes and transitioned from DST onto our next-generation cloud-driven digital platform.And we really transferred that like-to-like in the initial instance, but that platform has significant capabilities that those funds aren't using today. And so we think that's a really nice digital opportunity for us over time and -- that we'll see some nice acceleration there. So we do remain excited about digital, but that wasn't the impact this quarter.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Donat with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Chris Donat: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Hi. Tim wanted to follow-up something you said in your prepared remarks about the volume of new mutual fund ETF sales in the quarter and I know it had a tough comp. But I'm just wondering if you're seeing any impact on new ETF sales now that a lot of the online brokers have gone to zero trading fees? It seems to me like you might see some adjustment in some of the ETFs that were branded by a large broker that now may be just less interesting or I might be wrong. But anyway I'm just curious if you're seeing any change in end market demand for some ETFs?
Tim Gokey: Yeah. I don't think that we are seeing anything related to the zero trading. I think when we look back and try to correlate this and you can imagine that we spent a few late nights trying to – well, yeah, not me, but the team here as I said a few late nights trying to correlate that and we really see -- the best correlation we see is really with the VIX and with volatility and so we had in periods of high volatility there can be a lot of rebalancing activity.So I was calling it new sales and new purchases, but a lot of this has to do with the things that decisions that individual investors may not be making themselves, but is happening as a matter of rebalancing of large portfolios and our in-managed accounts. And so I'm not taking us on the zero trading side, and I am thinking it's a matter of just with the pretty quiescent quarter that we just passed there wasn't a lot of that rebalancing activity.
Chris Donat: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the -- just on the acquisition front since you've done a lot of them. As we think forward to fiscal 2021, whatever I assume you're keeping the same playbook in terms of accretion. But can you just remind us what's your expectations are for accretion from the four acquisitions you cited in the press release for example? What's a reasonable expectation for what they'll contribute?
Jim Young: Yeah, Chris. Hi, this is Jim. As you recall most of these acquisitions in the first year which is everything we're talking about because as a lot of these were done in Q4 and then just this year are pretty neutral to the year. The only -- so I think the assumption is relatively modest. There are -- as Tim mentioned, a couple of the businesses are overperforming already and doing pretty well. So, nice contributions.In the grand scheme of brokerage earnings nothing that moves the needle, but nice contributions above our business case, which means that we get a little bit of contribution above and beyond the plan, but nothing that is significant in that respect and worthy of callout.
Tim Gokey: Yeah. I think I would say that they're not accretive in the first year their margins do increase over time. I think that's really built into the 50 basis points per year that we tend to talk about and have delivered on for a long time. So I would really think about it that way.It is just a case to talk a little bit more broadly about M&A and I've talked before about how we see this as an evergreen opportunity for Broadridge, because there's always change and all these teams creating new opportunities. And we've really seen this year that play out in terms of when we can make these companies sort of under our umbrella using our master services agreement, our sales force, our servicing, how that really adds value to them and why it has such good returns from this over time.And just you're not -- we're not buying these and holding them as sort of separate things and ending up as a collection of stuff. They're being nicely integrated into our product offers and into our service delivery. So we think this is really something that is an important part of our growth strategy that will continue.This year it is at a higher level than it typically has been. And as you know, we take a lot of time, looking at what are the things that we would like to own and we do that well in advance. And many of these conversations, many of these are companies we've been talking to for many years. We don't necessarily control when they decide they want to transact, but it's nice that we have with our balance sheet and leverage and other things, we have the ability to act when people do want to transact and we think, we have really nice business cases around these.
Chris Donat: Thanks. That’s very helpful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Peller, your line is open.
Andrew Bauch: Good morning, guys. This is Andrew on behalf of Darrin Peller. Just want to touch upon wealth management briefly. Are you guys seeing any incremental interest in the market due to the UBS announcement over the last couple of quarters? And how is that translating into the closed sales you've seen in the last couple of quarters?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I'll take that. It's Tim. Thank you, Andrew. We are definitely seeing a lot of good interest. First of all, we're making good progress on the implementation with UBS. We had a very high number of deliverables for the first year, which I'm pleased to say we finished on track. And so, we're excited about that. We're seeing a lot of interest from others in terms of -- with the agreement around the pain points that we've identified and the interest in really being part of the open architecture platform of the future. And -- so that is good.In terms of specifically on the broad platform, the momentum, in terms of closed sales it's really too early for that. These are long conversations and people want to see it further along in the build, but those conversations are very positive. What we have seen is, we do have a lot of component solutions in and around that platform and those have had nice momentum.I mentioned the sale of an adviser compensation solution to a leading wealth manager. That was the largest sale ever for that business and that is a really nicely growing business for us and plays right into things like Reg BI, if you think about the number of conversations we're having with clients about Reg BI and all the solutions that we bring to the table, the communication solutions, the advisory solutions and with Fi360, they really to help people really looking to their portfolios and make sure that they are suitable, so lots of good things happening in wealth. It's a really nicely growing area for us.And then I have to just do a callout to Mike Alexander, who just this past week, we asked to take leadership of this combined business, which we're now bringing together under one leadership. So, we feel really good about it and continue to make good progress.
Andrew Bauch: Thanks. And then, with regards to the customer communications business, it continues to be a headwind in the ICS segment. When should we expect you start to grow over the one large client that you called out in the past, or is it a couple of other clients that you see some declines in?
Tim Gokey: Yes. I'm glad you asked that, so we can just clarify this because, in what we talk about externally as customer communications, there are a few different business lines. The largest line is the transactional communications business and that is the business we've talked about quite a bit in previous calls, that has had -- was affected by that client -- those departing.This quarter, it was not the transactional communications business. And that -- the transition off of that client is essentially complete so you won't hear us talk about that again in the future. And that business was stable. It didn't grow, but it didn't shrink either. And -- so the 3% you saw -- minus 3% you saw this quarter was related to the postsale business that we talked about.And then, I'll just -- I will say on the transactional communications business, just even though -- just to remind people, even though the revenues haven't gone down, it has been a nice contributor to earnings. And because of synergies and other things in the acquisitions, it has been growing earnings over the time that we've been talking about it. So, that's where that is. It is -- it was stable this quarter. I'm not putting out the mission accomplished sign here, but that transition off of the larger client is complete now.
Andrew Bauch: No, appreciate the color.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Gokey for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Yes, I would just like to thank everyone for being on the call today. We remain very excited about our revenue from closed sales, about the level of sales activity, the backlog, the M&A performance. We're looking forward to increase in organic in the second half. And we just remain really confident and excited about what our long-term opportunity is. And I'll just bring you back to the conversations that I've had since the beginning of January with leaders of our largest clients. And when we look at the challenges that they face and transformations that they're looking to do and the alignment of what we are doing with what their needs are, I feel very optimistic about the future of Broadridge. Thank you.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Broadridge First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note, today's event is being recorded.At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning and welcome to Broadridge's fiscal first quarter 2020 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO and our CFO Jim Young.Before I turn the call over to Tim a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning, everyone on the call today. Broadridge had a solid first quarter and is well positioned for the year. We generated 8% recurring revenue growth. We had record first quarter sales and we continue to feel good about our underlying business trends. We also completed tuck-in acquisitions across each of our franchises that will strengthen Broadridge and drive long term growth.While the largely anticipated lower event driven activity impacted our results in this seasonally small quarter, we are well positioned to deliver a strong fiscal year 2020 and we are reaffirming our full year guidance. Moreover, ongoing industry trends continue to underline why Broadridge is so well positioned for longer term growth.This morning, I'll provide you with a brief overview of our first quarter results. And given the increased level of M&A we've seen over the past few months. I'll review how it fits together to strengthen our franchises. Jim, will then follow with an overview of our financial results, including the shift of our wealth advisor solutions from ICS and GTO. As always, we'll close with your questions.Let's get started on Slide 4. Broadridge reported solid first quarter results. As we analyze the quarter, keep in mind that Q1 is our seasonally lightest of the year. Typically, we generate anywhere from 12% to 14% of our full year adjusted EPS in the first quarter and that's right where we ended up.With that in mind, let's touch on the headline results. Recurring revenues rose 8% to $623 million driven in large part by the acquisitions we made in the fourth quarter, which are performing well. Organic growth was like 2%, but we expect it to accelerate through the year driven by stronger growth in both ICS and GTO from on-boarding sales that have already taken place. With a $330 million backlog Jim mentioned last quarter, we have very good minus 5 on our ability to generate revenue from sales.As expected, event driven revenues declined significantly relative to the first quarter of 2019. Recall that in 2019, we benefited from a proxy campaign at a significant mutual fund complex. The lasting of that large campaign drove most of the decline in event driven revenues and earnings. And Jim will give an update on how this plays into our full year forecast.Last point on results. Strong sales. Close sales rose more than 100% to $38 million the first quarter record, which speaks to the strength of our underlying business. Our first quarter sales are especially gratifying coming up our strong fourth quarter and an indication of the momentum we see in the market. I'm pleased with the investments we've made in our business over the past few months with targeted tuck in M&A across all three of our franchise focus areas. As I will discuss in a few minutes, our investments over the past 24 months have collectively strengthened our business and improved our long term growth profile across governance, capital markets, and wealth and investment management.Finally, the key takeaway from the quarter is the Broadridge remains on track to deliver another strong year of top and bottom line growth. We continue to expect strong growth sales 8% to 10% recurring fee revenue growth and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth in fiscal year '20. This outlook positions us to deliver on the three year growth objective we shared with you at our 2017 Investor Day, including at the high end of our adjusted EPS range.Beyond fiscal year '20, ongoing industry trends have only strengthened my confidence in our growth outlook and the potential opportunity in front of us. The past few months have brought increased evidence to the financial services industry facing significant structural cost pressures. The move is by online brokers to slashed trading commissions and by global banks to realign the strategic focus that have driven home the challenges the industry faces. In addition, regulatory change remains the constant with the SEC, moving rapidly to implement regulation best interest and the moves in Europe for the shareholder rights directive. These challenges are helping drive our growth.Financial services firms need to move rapidly to adapt their businesses and evolve how they serve their clients. That's causing them to embrace industry solutions to neutralize critical non-differentiating functions; tap, to more and better data; and raise the effectiveness of their communications. As we see playing out in our record sales and backlog, no one is better positioned than Broadridge to provide these solutions. So all the challenges faced by the industry are real. They only reinforce the underlying trends that have fueled our growth and they highlight why we remain so excited about our outlook.Now let's turn to Slide 5 for a review of our results. I'll start with our ICS segment. Our recurring revenues, excluding customer communications rose 10% driven by 6%, organic growth in the addition of the TD Ameritrade retirement assets. The biggest organic driver was higher mutual fund and ETF revenues where recent share gains helps drive growth.Equity stock record growth was solid at 7%. Our fund and ETF interim record growth slowed to 1%, getting early in the quarter before we bound it. Temporary slowdowns of interim record growth are not unusual and we expect interim record growth to be bound over the course of fiscal '20.Our ICS segment also benefited from strong demand for our data and analytics products. The acquisition of the TD Assets added nicely to our growth. And I'm pleased with the progress we're making in the integration of that business. Culture communications revenue fell 2% driven by combination of client losses and bio nutrition. As expected, event driven revenues declined steeply year-over-year, as we left exceptionally strong mutual fund proxy activity in the first quarter fiscal '19 and revenues returned to more normalized levels.We see event driven revenue picking up for the second half of the year, driven in part by proxy campaign at a large mutual fund complex. I continue to be excited by the momentum at our GTO business where we grew 15% for the quarter and expect mid-teens growth through remainder of the year. Organic growth of 3% was held back in the quarter by an on-boarding delay, which is now complete and we therefore expect organic growth to pick up meaningfully in the second quarter and for the remainder of the year.The acquisition of RPM has also contributed nicely for first quarter results, driven in part by strong license sales. While these sales for an RPM pipeline when we acquired the business, we were able to expand the scope of a particularly meaningful solution for a large client as a result of the Broadridge relationship. So it's good to see an early return on our expected revenue synergies. We also took another step for the creation of a separate wealth management business within our GTO segment by transferring advisor solutions products from ICS to GTO. We are modest from a revenue perspective; this is a small but meaningful from pulling together our wealth solutions into a more unified whole and Jim will share the detail.Finally, and importantly, Broadridge posted record first quarter sales. We continue to see strong sales momentum across multiple product lines. Notable wins included the sale of our global post trade management technology platform from major European Banks, as well as an increase in government services we provide through major asset manager. It's early in the year, and we faced a tough comp in the second quarter as a result of our landmark sale to UBS last year and we're off to a strong start.Broadridge has been very active on the M&A front the past few months, making multiple acquisitions to strengthen our business. So I want to take a few minutes to review our recent deals, and why they will help us achieve our strategic goals.Let's turn to Slide 6, to start that discussion. Acquisitions are an integral part of our capital stewardship and investment strategy and are tightly aligned with the franchise strategy we laid out at our last Investor Day. Since the end of fiscal '17, we've made 13 tuck in acquisitions deploying a total of almost $700 million. These investments are tightly linked to our strategic goals. In governance, our strategy is to build the next generation of governance communications and to extend our services across the governance network.We invested more than $300 million in the past 24 months to help accelerate that strategy. We significantly expanded the data driven solutions, most recently with Fi360 and the TD Ameritrade asset. Fi360 provides fiduciary focus of accreditation, data analytics retirement advisors intermediaries that broadens our data analytics capabilities and strengthens our solution set for regulation best interest.We've also added to our issuer products suite broadened our regulatory communications footprint and strengthened our digital capabilities. And wealth, we're creating the open architecture solution for the future for investors, advisors and operations. Acquisitions are playing an important role in this vision and we've invested nearly $350 million since the end of fiscal '17. The biggest acquisition was RPM that strengthens our wealth business in Canada, and extends our capabilities to integrate banking into wealth management. We also acquired new capabilities around security, space lending, and most recently, advisor compensation.In capital markets, we're driving the growth of our business globally. Much of that growth has been organic. But I'm pleased that we were able to acquire Shadow Financial in October broadening our capabilities into new asset classes, including exchange traded derivatives and crypto currencies. Across governance, capital markets and wealth management, our M&A investments have helped accelerate our strategic objectives and strengthened our long term growth profile.It deepened our relationships with key clients, added talent broadened the capabilities and given us additional addressable market and niche transactions organically. These investments have had clear financial benefits as well. In total, this should contribute approximately $175 million for FY20 exit recurring revenue run rate, adding 2 points to our three year revenue CAGR, in line with our Investor Day objectives. Moreover, we expect them to be accretive for organic growth with a blended growth rate well above our corporate average. The past six months have been busy on the M&A front and I'm excited about what we've been able to execute.We've been talking to many of these prospects for some time, in some cases for years. With a strong cash flow and balance sheet, we're able to act when the right opportunity comes, even when multiple properties come for sale over short period of time. As CEO, it is great to have that flexibility. So no change to our capital allocation strategy, and continue to look for attractive tuck-ins.I'll now turn the call over to Jim, who'll review our financials but before I do, let me summarize our key messages. First, we reported solid first quarter results with 8% recurring revenue growth and record first quarter sales. Second, ongoing industry trends underline why Broadridge is well positioned for longer term growth. Third, continue to make the investments across our business to accelerate a strategic objective and position Broadridge for that growth. And fourth, we're on track to deliver strong fiscal '20 with 8% to 10% recurring fee revenue growth and 8% to 12% growth in adjusted EPS.It's an exciting time to be at Broadridge. We're on track to deliver another strong year and energize while the opportunities play a key role in transforming the financial services industry. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to thank our nearly 12,000 associates around the world for their hard work and dedication, our clients, and to the corresponding chain. The work they do strengthens our clients and enables better financial lives for all of us for millions of others. Jim?
Jim Young: Thanks Tim and good morning everyone. Broadridge reported a solid first quarter and we're on track to deliver a strong fiscal year 2020. Before reviewing our results, I'll make a few call outs. First, a reminder on seasonality. Our first quarter is typically our smallest recurring revenue in earnings quarter of the year. Consistent with the outlook we provided in August in our historical average, our Q1 adjusted EPS came in at 13% of our full year adjusted EPS guidance at the mid-point.Second; acquisitions, fiscal year-to-date through early November, we have invested $179 million in four targeted tuck-in acquisitions aligned with our franchise strategy. We expect that these acquisitions will contribute an additional point to recurring fee growth in fiscal '20. We also expect that these acquisitions will be earnings dilutive in fiscal '20 after accounting for financing cost.These investments coupled with our seasonally negative free cash flow in Q1 pushed our adjusted leverage ratio up to 2.2 times at September 30, slightly above our long term target of 2.0 times. This was a temporary spike and we expect to finish the year close to our target. Third, event driven activity. As expected, event driven fee revenue declined notably from record first quarter a year ago, driving a decline in first quarter earnings. A $40 million Q1 event fees were also a bit lower than our expectations.However, this level of event fees in line with prior periods normalizing for significant mutual fund proxy activity or notable proxy contest. We now expect event fees to be at the low end of our initial full year expectations of a decline of 5% to 15%. Fourth, some modest changes to our segment reporting. As part of our strategy of building a wealth management franchise, we have consolidated our advisor solutions products into GTO from ICS, representing $43 million manual revenue in fiscal '19.All fiscal '19 segment numbers have been revised to reflect this change and I'll be referring to the revised numbers in my remarks. The supplemental product revenue breakout and the Appendix of presentation show the revised numbers for all four quarters for fiscal '19. Fifth and most importantly, guidance. We expect to deliver a strong fiscal year 2020 and are reaffirming full year guidance across all metrics.Let's turn to Slide 7 for a review of our first quarter drivers. I'll start with recurring fee revenues. Recurring fee revenues rose 8% in the quarter. Acquisitions carry below was 6 points of growth coming from our fiscal fourth quarter 2019 acquisitions, RPM, TD and Rockall. Organic recurring fee growth in the quarter was light at 2%, on-boarding of new business or closed sales as shown here was the largest organic contributor as we continue to on-board sales across both our ICS and GTO segments and ship away at our healthy revenue backlog.Internal growth, which has been a consistent contributor to organic growth, was modestly negative in the first quarter driven by slower growth in mutual fund and ETF interims, lower customer communications volumes and less professional services work. As Tim touched on, we expect organic revenue growth to accelerate in remainder of the year, driven by GTO on-boardings, healthy proxy volumes and return to a more normalized levels of interim record growth among other factors.Moving down to total revenue. Total revenues declined 2% to $949 million in the quarter. Strong gains and recurring fee revenues were offset by a largely expected decline in event driven fee and related distribution revenues, following record event driven levels a year ago. And finally, the weaker British pound and the acquisitions of RPM and Rockall had a modest negative impact on our FX line.Next, I'll cover the performance of our ICS and GTO segments from Slide 8. As I indicated earlier in my remarks, these results reflect the relocation of certain advisory solutions products from ICS to GTO for both periods. I'll start with ICS; recurring fee revenues grew 4%. Looking at the drivers behind the 4% increase, solid net new business gains contributed 3 points inclusive of the impact from known client losses and customer communications.Internal growth dipped to slightly negative, largely from the impact of the slowdown and interim record growth to 1%, weaker customer communication volumes and some equity proxy activity that pushed later in the year. The TD Ameritrade assets acquisition that closed in Q4 of fiscal '19, contributed an additional 2 points of growth. Going forward, we expect the acquisitions of Fi360 and Appatura will also contribute to ICS recurring revenue growth.We expect ICS organic growth to pick up over the balance of fiscal year '20, as we benefit from the full weight of higher proxy volumes in the second half of the year, the return of interim record growth to more normalized levels and the continued contribution from our data and analytics products. ICS total revenues declined 7% driven primarily to decline in event driven revenues and related distribution revenues. Again we now expect full year event fees to come in at the low end of our earlier estimate of a decline of 5% to 15% from the $244 million we reported in fiscal '19.Turning to GTO, GTO revenue growth accelerated to 15% in Q1 driven by 12 points of growth from the RPM and Rockall acquisitions. RPM included some strong license sales that Tim referenced in his remarks. On the organic front and as Tim also noted, we are back on schedule in terms of major on-boarding activity and we expect GTO to deliver mid-to-high single-digit organic growth for the full year.Looking forward, we expect that the revenue growth contribution from acquisitions will weigh in a bit, even with the addition of Shadow and financial database services. And that stronger organic growth will fill that gap as we continue to expect recurring revenue growth in the mid-teens for the year.Let's turn to profits on Slide 9. Adjusted operating income declined $19 million or 16% in the first quarter, driven by the decline in event driven fee revenues. Remember, that event revenues carry significant levels of incremental profitability, as they leverage in existing cost infrastructure. So when those revenues come down significantly as they did in Q1, income drops, especially in small earnings quarters like Q1. Below the operating income line, we benefit modestly from investment gains and our effective tax rate was 12.4%, included in that number, our excess tax benefits for equity compensation of $5.7 million down from $7 million a year ago.We continue to expect full year ETB benefit of $20 million. Adjusted EPS fell 14% to $0.68 for the quarter, representing 13% of our full year adjusted EPS guidance at the midpoint. This result is very consistent with the outlook we provided in August and a typical earnings contribution for the seasonally small first quarter.Let's turn to cash flow and the balance sheet on Slide 10. Free cash flow is typically negative in the first quarter and that was again the case in fiscal '20. Broadridge generated free cash flow of negative $107 million in the first quarter.As Tim noted, tuck-in M&A is an important part of our capital allocation framework and is tightly aligned with our strategic objectives. Broadridge invested a $179 million in the first four months of fiscal '20 completing four acquisitions. The two largest deals Shadow and Fi360, accounted for $39 million and $120 million respectively enclosed in the second quarter. We also made two other smaller acquisitions, one in September and one in October.We expect the fiscal '19 and '20 acquisitions combined will contribute 4 plus points to our recurring revenue growth in fiscal '20. Given our typical reinvestment approach and financing costs, we expect modest EPS contribution in fiscal '20 from these combined deals. It's been a busy peak quarters and we're very pleased with our acquisitions. In the quarter, Broadridge also invested $20 million in capital expenditures and returned $55 million to shareholders in the form of the quarterly dividend.Again, Broadridge's leverage ratio, using adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR at September 30 was 2.2 times and we anticipate that it will pick up a bit again in Q2 reflecting the $120 million purchase price for Fi360. There's a temporary spike above the long term target of 2.0 times and as a result of the seasonally negative Q1 free cash flow and the timing of M&A closings. There's no change to our capital allocation strategy and leverage target.As we benefit from the seasonally stronger free cash flows in the second half of the year, we expect to de-lever in the normal course and to generate an additional flexibility to pursue attractive tuck-in M&A opportunities and or repurchase shares while finishing the year in line with our 2.0 times leverage target. Separately, you'll note that $399 million now appears as current portion of long term debt. This is because we have $400 million in senior notes coming due at September 2020.To support our capital allocation plans and subject to market conditions, we will consider opportunistically raising addition of that capital at some point over the next couple of quarters in order to, appropriately manage our upcoming maturities.Let's turn to guidance on Page 11. Our fiscal year 2020 guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in a range of 8% to 10%. That includes mid-single-digit organic growth as we expect organic growth above ICS and GTO to pick up through the year.We expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 6% including a decline in event driven fee revenues of close to 15%. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 18%. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be 8% to 12%. We expect close sales to be in the range of $190 million to $230 million. Finally, as you think about Q2, please note that we expect event driven revenues to be in line with Q1 results, before strengthening in the second half of the year.With event driven revenues at this level, we expect Q2 adjusted EPS to be level with the first quarter results and be approximately 26% or so full year adjusted EPS as the first half typically represents. So to sum up, we're off to a solid start of fiscal 2020 and we remain on track to deliver a strong fiscal 2020 in our full year guidance and importantly, we're also on track to meet our three year objectives which concluded at the end of fiscal 2020.Jamie we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
DavidTogut: Thank you, good morning Tim and Jim. Just a quick question on organic revenue growth expectations for fiscal 2020, looks like the first quarter came in a little late at 2%. As you look at the 8% to 10% recurring fee revenue growth which you're reiterating in your 2020 guide, how many percentage points of that growth comes from organic versus acquisitions?
JimYoung: Good morning David, this is Jim. As I said, we think about 4 points or so will come from the acquisitions which keep us right in target for mid-single-digit organic growth contribution. As you point out we feel really good over the balance of the year, especially as we see these GTO on-boardings ramp up over the course of the year.
DavidTogut: Got it. And I think on the June quarter call Jim, you called out 3PPT of growth from acquisitions for FY20 so that's a change?
JimYoung: Correct, because we just added, we just added these four acquisitions which will add about a point to our revenue growth.
DavidTogut: Understood and then just a final question, so with the organic growth coming in about a point below expectation or else - or at least the 8 to 10 point revenue growth guide for recurring fee revenue growth, is there anything changing in your expectations or is this just this delay on the on-boarding at GTO?
JimYoung: Yeah, David when we look at kind of Q1 relative to the rest of the year, we definitely see a few transitory items. You had slightly low interim record growth, so we expect that to pickup with on-boarding come in later in the quarter as opposed to the beginning of the quarter. So we will get the full quarter benefit. Next quarter, small quarter, we're going to have things like we have some equity proxy activities that fell in Q1 last year, but now appears to be pushing to later in the year.So those are the types of things that we used to believe that the 2% organic for the quarter is light and that we pick up the pace starting in Q2 and put us on track for that mid-single-digit organic growth rate.
DavidTogut: Understood, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
DarrinPeller: Hey, guys thanks. Look, I just want to start-off. I mean it's good to see the M&A activity contributing, but I mean to follow up on that explain a little bit about the organic side. I guess what first of all would growth have been if the implementations were more on time on the GTO side? And then, I think more importantly what would you say is the pro forma growth profile of GTO now?In other words, have you owned all these deals a year ago, I know it was in your run rate, what would be the growth profile of GTO be?
JimYoung: Darrin this is Jim, well I think as opposed to sort of looking at what Q1 would have been we come back to feeling like this year it's going to be a mid-single-digit organic growth rate. And that's what we've measured, as you know, we can have some ups and downs and especially in a small quarter. So again, we feel really solid; we're on track for this mid-single-digit organic growth rate.And as we think about the GTO, we look at this business actually being above that average for the year. So we're targeting GTO to be mid to high single-digit organic growth. The acquisitions as Tim mentioned, generally speaking are accretive to that growth rate. So on balance of those annualized in we expect relatively small the grand few things for GTO. But on balance, they'll help the growth rate. But again, targeting mid to high single-digits growth for GTO with a really big revenue backlog behind us, feels like deadly good spot.
TimGokey: Yeah, just to add on to that Darrin. I think it's an interesting question you had. We owned these businesses a year ago, we probably would be reporting higher organic because they are experiencing very nice year-on-year growth within those businesses. So we feel good about the profile, especially on the GTO side where we're experiencing really good revenue from sales this year.
DarrinPeller: Okay, and then just on the BRCC side, I mean I guess that's been still a headwind, some of that was full transitory from a year, two years ago at this point, a year and a half ago. Where are we on that in terms of that business? Do you foresee that business turning leveling off or reflecting at some point soon?
TimGokey: Yeah. Darrin it's Tim, we are expecting BRCC to be a contributor to earnings growth in fiscal '20 but not to revenue growth. And we are continuing to as you mentioned work through the off boarding of a major client, the good news is, that that client is taking longer to go away which means that we'll make more revenue, and the bad news is we're still talking about it.But we think that's going to actually continue throughout fiscal '20. We had anticipated that will be done by now. I think the other point here is that, we do continue to have discussions with large clients about their in-house transaction communications that was a key part of our mid-term investment thesis. And, we are seeing good growth in digital products which is part of our long-term thesis, not enough to offset the correct volumes.
DarrinPeller: Okay, that's helpful. Just one last quick one. I mean, in terms of the backlog, it continues to look strong. Can you talk about the flow through the $330 million revenue backlog? And then in terms of new bookings, also, how much of that was inorganic versus organic? But more importantly, just the timing of the flow through of the backlog over the next few quarters and year and beyond?
TimGokey: Darren. So obviously the revenue backlog features prominently in our revenue growth. So in that mid-single digit organic growth rate that we're targeting, we need a number of points of growth, the majority of our points of growth coming from that backlog. So I won't give you an exact quantification of that, but that is our driver every year. So but we'll anticipate ending the year with continued healthy backlog as we add to it. But again, this is a business that always is thinking about how do we add 6, 7, 8 points of growth coming from that backlog. And that can give you a sense of the type of revenue conversion we have going on any one period.
DarrinPeller: Alright. That's helpful, Tim. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Heckman from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead with your question.
PeterHeckman: Good morning, gentlemen. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes of both universal proxy and then confirms, both things that the SEC looks like they're relatively serious about pursuing and how Broadridge would work to facilitate that for the industry?
TimGokey: Yeah. Thanks, Peter, it's Tim. And that's a definitely good question. And we are - while I'd say broadly, there hasn't been anything on the regulatory front that is this really significant since our last call. The SEC is contained to work on issues around proxy. They made some statements around Investment Advisors. There's a meeting just yesterday.And some work on proxy plumbing. And when they talk about proxy plumbing, what they're largely talking about some of the things you mentioned, which is and to invoke confirmation and potentially universal proxy card. We are well set up to deliver on both of those. We are introducing end-to-end confirmation for those clients where we're the tabulator this year, which is significant portion of public companies.We are working with the industry to introduce that for all public companies. We need cooperation from others as a working group the SEC has established. But we think this is a positive development for corporate governance and a positive development for us. Not in any particular fee characteristic, but just in terms of increasing everyone's overall confidence.With respect to universal proxy, that's something that we are definitely able to support and have prototypes around and look forward to implementing whatever is decided by the by the SEC and the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Donat from Sandler O'Neill Chris. Please go ahead with your question.
ChrisDonat: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to ask one about the, I guess, sort of this year in longer term expectations for ETFs position growth. And this is related to the - a number of brokers going to zero commissions. It used to be the part of the proliferation of ETFs over the last five to 10 years with some brokers doing launching their own ETF and then having a promotional pricing on commissions for that.Now, it seems like the economic rationale for those ETFs is going away. And I would think one outcome might be that you see the industry consolidate on a handful of the really large liquid ETFs. Is that something you think might happen and would that potentially lead to fewer ETFs positions? Are there even how do you think in general about what the if the zero commission brokerage fees have any impact on ETF ownership?
TimGokey: Yeah. Chris, very interesting question. I think that ETFs are a really nice vehicle to have a lot of benefits for clients in terms of their liquidity and other characteristics and intraday pricing. And so I think they're going to continue to be very popular. It is true that there has been some trend around brokers introducing ones. I don't know how widely held those hours. I think actually the bigger trend is with more proliferation of different factory ETFs. And now people talking about active ETF. So there is a lot that is causing change there. I think another interesting sort of analogy is that while the number of public companies has stopped growing and even gone down, position growth has continued.So I'm not sure that there's a correlation between position growth and a number of choices out there. I will - just since you mentioned zero commissions. Just let me talk a little bit about that, because I think people actually wondering a little bit about what is the impact of that. And I think that is something that is. The timing is hard to hard to determine. So the timing may be unexpected, but essentially, it's just a long term trends that we've seen.The biggest impact is really clearly on the online brokers, Fidelity, Schwab, e-Trade, Ameritrade. Those are not as significant part of our wealth book. We're more focused on advisor and wealth managers. But we are seeing is that the change is creating the need for all wealth managers to evolve their business model in terms of how they add value because it is not as much from the asset management side from the stock ticking and trading side.And so to accomplish that evolution, they need to invest in technology for the differentiation. And I think that is really favoring us as we work with clients to create a broad range of services that it helps them not only take down costs, but also support these new sources of differentiation. So it's just, one of those clear signals that the world continues to evolve, which is why technology is so important.
ChrisDonat: Got it. And thanks for that piece on the evolution of the industry. Related to that just wondering and you just said that the online books are small piece of your revenues. But given lower commissions, do you think your pricing or really your contracts might change on the GTO side and being more fixed and less volumetric going forward or is it too soon to tell on that?
TimGokey: Yeah, I think it's too early to tell. It is - these contracts are all pretty long term in nature. We've had discussions with some wealth managers about the idea of focusing our contracts more on one position and a number of positions than on the number of trades, because you really look at what the cost drivers are and their revenue drivers on their side is more about positions. And we're looking for a long term construct between us and our clients that aligns with their revenue model and aligns with our cost model. And positions may be a better way to go on that. But those are long term discussions and I wouldn't expect to really see any impact in the years.
ChrisDonat: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much, Tim.
TimGokey: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
PuneetJain: Okay, thanks for taking my question. I know you expect gross sales to contribute to growth acceleration rest of the year. Can you also review expected trends in internal growth?
JimYoung: Sure, as you recall a couple of key drivers in there are going to be interim record growth which comes in fairly evenly throughout the year, as we mentioned, little low this quarter. We're expecting it to come back. So that'll pick up in terms of contribution. And then, probably the single biggest contributor to that internal growth is our equity position growth SRG as we refer to it. And that's really back half weighted even specifically in Q4. So as those come into play, we expect really nice internal growth contribution as we get to the back half of the year.Other than that there are always puts and takes throughout the rest of the business, little bit of professional services here and there. But the really big drivers are to keep your eye on that along with trade growth, which is always a contributor to some degree in that mix. But really, it's the position growth that we keep our eye on as we think about that sort of full year number.
PuneetJain: Got it. And it's been quite a while since you closed the UBS contract. Are you seeing any benefit from flywheel effect from closing the UBS deal with other wealth management clients, or is it too early for that?
TimGokey: Puneet, it's Tim. First of all, just we continue to make very good progress on UBS itself. And I'm really excited about the technology there. It has created lots of discussions with other large wealth managers. And when we talked about the pain points, and the open architecture platform of the future, there's a lot of head nodding and a lot of positivity.All that said, as you pointed out, these conversations are long-term in nature. So there's nothing imminent to report. What I would say is separate from the creation of the new platform and the conversations about that with other wealth managers is that we are continuing in other ways to strengthen our wealth capability and our wealth platform. And you certainly saw that with some of the M&A. You are seeing that with moving some of these product lines into GTO. When you look at some of our recent onboarding, they do include significant wealth components. When we look at the underlying what's happening in our wealth business as we develop that into our third franchise, we're seeing good progress there. So we think the strategy is on track, and we continue to be excited about the opportunity.
PuneetJain: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time I'm showing no additional questions. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Tim Gokey: Well, thank you. I just want to thank you everyone, for being here today. And to summarize, we feel very good about 8% as a recurring fee revenue number. Obviously, the record sales and our underlying business trends. As you heard, we're reiterating our full year guidance. And we continue to have a really good confidence in the long-term trend and in the investments that we're making to support that growth. So thank you very much again. And look forward to talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call with you. Thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today's event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Rocko. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Broadridge's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this release may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO and President; and our CFO, Jim Young.Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our annual report on Form 10-K. We'll also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation.Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey.
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning, everyone. Broadridge delivered strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 results. Our outlook for fiscal year '20 calls for yet another strong year, including high single-digit growth in recurring revenue and 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth. This morning, I will provide a brief review of our 2019 results, including the strong close to another record sales year and then talk about the acquisition of RPM Technologies, which we've announced after our last earnings call.Finally, I'll give an update on our progress against the priorities I laid out in my first earnings call as CEO earlier this year. Jim will then provide a closer look at our financial results, and give you more details regarding our 2020 guidance. We'll close with your questions. Let's get started. I'm really pleased with both our strong fiscal year 2019 results, and how well we are positioned to deliver sustained growth in fiscal '20. FY '19 recurring fee revenues rose 6% to $2.8 billion, more than offsetting the decline in low to no margin distribution revenue and lower event-driven revenues.In all, total revenues rose 1% to $4.4 billion. Adjusted operating income rose 8%, thanks to strong margin expansion, and adjusted EPS rose 11%. After a strong fourth quarter and the landmark UBS Wealth Management deal, full year Closed sales rose 9% to $233 million, marking another record sales year. Just as importantly, we hit those marks while continuing to fund investments in new products and technologies. We also made three tuck-in acquisitions that will strengthen and grow our business, especially in Wealth Management. 6% recurring fee growth, double-digit earnings growth, record sales, continued investment, that's why we feel so strongly about 2019.Based on these results, we're announcing an 11% increase in our annual dividend to $2.16. Broadridge has now increased its dividend every year since becoming a public company in 2007, and 2019 marks the eighth executive double-digit increase. Looking ahead, we expect higher growth in 2020. Specifically, we expect recurring growth -- revenue growth -- recurring revenue growth of 8% to 10%, including 5% to 7% organic revenue growth, and factoring in lower event and flat distribution revenues, 3% to 6% total revenue growth. We further expect continued margin expansion with adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 18%, which will drive adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%. Lastly, we expect another year of strong Closed sales in the range of $190 million to $230 million. Based on our 2019 results, together with our outlook for continued growth in fiscal '20, put us in a very strong position to deliver the three year targets we shared at our last Investor Day, including recurring revenue growth, margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth.I'm particularly pleased to note that the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance range implies an 18% 3-year CAGR, right at the high end of our 14% to 18% three year target. Now let's turn to Slide 5 for an update on our business. Keep in mind that when I discuss our ICS and GTO results, I'll be referring to growth rates that better represent the underlying business trends by excluding the impact of the ASC 606 accounting change. I'll start with Closed sales, where we ended a record year on a strong note. $72 million of Closed sales represents our third strongest quarterly result, trailing only last year's Q4 in the second quarter of this year and propelling us for full year record of $233 million.I'm especially pleased with the breadth of our sales results, with 2/3 coming from ticket sizes of less than $2 million. While large sales are as critical, and most important driver of our sales in recent years has been these core deals, literally hundreds of them every year. Our success in making these kind bread and butter sales, most of them up-sells to existing clients is a direct result of the breadth of our product offering and the quality of our client relationships. I'm also pleased to note that our fourth quarter acquisitions contributed to these results with RPM notching a nice strategic sale of Wealth Management software to a major Canadian bank.Our ICS segment continue to form well in the fourth quarter, with 6% recurring revenue growth on an underlying basis. Excluding customer communications, ICS recurring revenues rose 8% in the fourth quarter, driven in part by solid stock and interim record growth of 6% and 5%, respectively. For the full year, stock record growth was also 6% and interim record growth was 9%. In each case, slightly stronger in the average growth of the past 10 years. The long-term trend towards greater portfolio diversification, coupled with the growing number of managed accounts and more recently, model-driven investment shows no sign of easing. Our ICS business also benefited from continued momentum from our data and analytic products and strong growth in our corporate issuers business, where we are seeing strong demand for our disclosure solution services.Customer communications and fulfillment revenues declined 1% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the year. While the growth trajectory of our customer communications business has been disappointing in recent quarters, we expect revenue declines to narrow as we complete the off-boarding of a large customer over the balance of the calendar '19 and as recent sales wins are brought online. Our GTO segment performed well in the fourth quarter. GTO revenues rose 8%, driven by a rebound in organic growth to 5%. We expect this organic reacceleration to continue in FY '20 as GTO returns to stronger growth especially in the second half. Much of this growth will come from new client onboardings, while our strong revenue backlog gives us good line of sight on FY '20 growth.GTO revenue growth also benefited from the acquisitions of Rockall, which closed in May, and RPM, which closed in early June. Speaking of M&A, I'm pleased we could be as active as we were in the fourth quarter. We acquired three businesses for approximately $400 million, the largest of these was RPM which we acquired for CAD 400 million or about USD 300 million. The acquisition of RPM broadens and deepens our business in Canada by extending our product offering for the Canadian wealth market. Much of the market in Canada is served through the bank channel, and RPM extends and deepens our already-strong relationship with several leading Canadian banks and brings newer relationships as well. RPM has been growing at low double digits, and with the acquisition off to a promising start we expect continued strong growth going forward. The acquisition of RPM together with Rockall and TD acquisitions are great examples of how targeted tuck-in acquisitions brought in our product lineup, deepen our relationships with the key clients and drive attractive long-term returns. Looking ahead, our strong balance sheet means we are well positioned to pursue additional tuck-in opportunities that will strengthen our governance, capital markets and wealth management strategies.We will also stay disciplined in ensuring that any transactions meet our financial and strategic hurdles. With that overview complete, let's turn to Slide 6 with an update on the progress Broadridge has made against the priorities I discussed in my first earnings call as CEO. At that time, I identified three key priorities, all of which are aligned tightly with our investor day strategy, to continue to transform Broadridge and to build world-class franchises in governance, capital markets and wealth management. The first priority I outlined in February is to deliver on our near-term financial objectives, both our FY '19 guidance and the FY '20 expectations embedded in our investor day targets. The second is executing against our multiyear growth objectives across our governance and capital markets franchises and in building our wealth franchise. My final priority is to continue to strengthen the long-term foundations of our growth by continuing to build on our strong culture and world-class capabilities of product and next-generation technology.Across all three priorities, I said we will maintain a keen focus on strong and balanced capital management. So let's take each one in order. The first one is straightforward. With 2019 in the books, we delivered 6% recurring revenue growth, 110 basis points of margin expansion and 11% adjusted EPS growth, all in line or above our guidance. We also achieved another year of record Closed sales, giving us further visibility into future growth. As I noted earlier, our FY '20 guidance puts us on track to meet our three year Investor Day objective for recurring revenue growth and margin expansion and to deliver at the high end of our adjusted EPS growth range. Balanced capital stewardship is a key part of our financial and growth strategy. Our first use of cash remains our dividend, and the 11% increase we announced this morning further reinforces the importance of our strong and growing dividend.In 2019, we continue to balance investments in our products and technology with returning additional capital to shareholders, investing approximately $400 million in M&A and $367 million to repurchase shares, ending the year on track with our leverage targets. You should expect us to continue to take a balanced and long-term approach to our capital stewardship. The second priority I discussed is multiyear growth execution. In governance, our strategy is simple and clear. We are building the next generation of regulatory communications and extending the complimentary web of services to all parts of the network we serve. Over the past year, Broadridge has rolled out innovative, new digital capabilities, including a new voting app that be accessed standalone or through an API. We are working with more than 130 mutual funds to put them in position to take full advantage of the new 30e-3 notice and access regulations in 2021. Last but not least, we've begun work with our clients to ensure that they will be able to fulfill the requirements of the EU's Shareholder Rights Directive, when it goes in effect in late 2020. These are all important steps forward in building the next generation of regulatory communications.We're also extending our services across the governance network. Thanks to disclosure capabilities we acquired in 2017, our recurring revenues from corporate issuers grew almost 20% in 2019, as we handle more and more of our client's critical governance needs, from annual meeting services to regularly filings. Our data and analytics offering, we are marrying our own proprietary data with other sources to get mutual funds critical information and worldwide fund flows, also generated double-digit growth. Finally, our acquisition of TD Ameritrade's retirement plan custody trust assets will help us continue to link our mutual fund clients and financial advisers who administer independent 401(k) plans and fund additional platform development.In capital markets, we continue to make progress in onboarding new clients, including to -- our new GPTM global platform. That strong backlog and our visibility in terms of bringing these clients online is a key driver behind our expectations for accelerated growth in our GTO business. Included in that backlog is a significant GPTM sale to a leading Asian bank, another sign that our global growth strategy continues to pay off. In addition, we signed a multimillion dollar deal in the fourth quarter with a large U.S. bank to extend the reach of our GPTM platform. Finally, we made good strides in developing enhanced network benefits through fixed income market participants.2019 has been a big year for our wealth management business. During the second quarter, we signed a large deal with UBS to build a technology platform looking front, middle and back-office capabilities. Six months later, we are making good progress against our product roadmap. We also strengthened our wealth management capabilities via the acquisition of Rockall and RPM. So I feel good about how we're executing for growth strategy across governance, capital markets and wealth management.My third focus is on securing the future by continuing to transform Broadridge, building on the world-class capabilities that make us the right industry partner now and for the long term. That means strengthening our client-focus culture, building on our world-class product and technology capabilities and investing in talent. On culture, I'm pleased to note that our revenue retention rate has remained a strong 97%, and that Broadridge was again awarded multiple workplace awards, including being identified as a great place to work in U.S., Canada and India. And we're seeing a perfect score on a recent ranking of best places to work for LGBT quality by the Human Rights Campaign. We're proud of these accomplishments.At the same time, we've increased our focus on product development, and we continue to make strides in integrating next-generation technologies across artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud and digital. During 2019, Broadridge rolled out enhanced digital communications, accelerated our push to cloud, continue to invest in blockchain and advanced our work on AI for a fixed income business, among many other accomplishments. These achievements are not going unnoticed by our clients.Finally, the market for world-class talent is fierce so I'm especially pleased with some of the recent additions to our senior management team. Samir Pandiri joined us from BNY Mellon, where he ran the Asset Servicing Division, a business larger than Broadridge by revenue. He will lead Broadridge International. Frederick Duden joined us from JPMorgan, and previously Charles Schwab, to lead our global product management team. Fred has led the build of some of the most innovative digital wealth products of the past few years. I'm convinced that our ability to increasingly link our individual products to form more powerful solution suites which drive our success.So I'm delighted to welcome both Sami and Fred to the company and their choice to align their careers with Broadridge is emblematic of the opportunity we all see ahead. Speaking of additions, I'm also excited to welcome Amit Zavery to our Board of Directors. Amit is a seasoned technology leader with experience building leading technology businesses at both Oracle and Google, and he'll be of tremendous value to our Board and to our management team. So Broadridge is making progress against all three of our key priorities, financial, strategic and foundational.Let me sum up. Broadridge delivered strong financial results while continuing to invest even in a lower event environment. We have real growth momentum across our two strong franchises and in building a third. We continue to make the investments across product, technology and talent that further strengthen our position as a trusted partner. As a result, Broadridge has never been better positioned for growth. The financial services industries need to leverage next-generation technology to reduce cost and increase differentiation continues to increase, and Broadridge has the unique capabilities, deep experience and ability to invest to accomplish these goals. A combination of strong underlying demand, continued execution and continued investment puts us in position to deliver another strong year in 2020 and sustain continued growth over the long term.For my part, I was excited as ever about Broadridge's prospects to create value for our associates, shareholders and the millions of people all over the world who rely on our clients to help them meet their financial goals.Before I turn it over to Jim for a review of the financials, I want to pause and I want to thank more than 11,000 Broadridge associates around the world, who are enabling better financial lives for millions and are making our vision of transformation a reality. Jim?
James Young: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my comments with a few call-outs. First, Closed sales and backlog, another record Closed sales performance pushed our recurring revenue backlog up to $330 million at the end of fiscal '19 from $295 million at the end of fiscal '18. Second, Q4 revenue growth under ASC 606. Once again, we are providing in today's presentation revenue growth rates on both an as-reported basis in fiscal '18 adjusted for ASC 606 to provide a more meaningful view of our top line performance.So on an ASC 606 adjusted basis, recurring fee revenue grew a healthy 6% in the fourth quarter, full year recurring fee growth was also 6%, right in line with our guidance. Importantly, while the ASC 606 change did have a big impact on our quarterly recurring revenue recognition, especially in our third and fourth quarters, it had virtually no impact on full year result comparisons.Third, capital deployment. Acquisitions. We invested approximately $400 million,including deferred payments in the fourth quarter for three acquisitions that will strengthen our growth profile and broaden our product lineup, especially in wealth management. We expect these acquisitions to contribute approximately 3 points of recurring fee revenue growth in fiscal '20. The earnings contribution in fiscal '20 is expected to be modest after accounting for the financing costs.Share repurchase. We also deployed $270 million in the quarter to repurchase shares for a total of $367 million in fiscal 2019. As a result of this capital deployment, we exited the year just below our long-term target leverage ratio.Fourth and final, guidance. Our fiscal '20 guidance calls for organic recurring fee growth of 5% to 7% plus 3 points of growth from M&A for a total of 8% to 10% recurring revenue growth. We expect this to result an 8% to 12% adjusted EPS growth.Let's move to Slide 7. On a reported basis, recurring revenues were down 6% and total revenues were down 8%. However, as I noted, the implementation of the ASC 606 accounting standard in fiscal 2019 shifted a significant chunk of equity proxy revenues out of the fourth quarter and into the third quarter, and the fiscal '18 results are reported under the old ASC 605 standard. Therefore, the most meaningful comparison is to fiscal '18's Q4 revenue results under ASC 606 as shown on this page.Using this like-for-like basis, recurring revenue grew a healthy 6% and total revenue grew 1%. Slide 8 provides the same view on a full year basis. As you can see, the impact of ASC 606 on full year revenue results is negligible. In both cases, recurring revenues rose 6% in fiscal '19 to $2.8 billion, and total revenues rose 1% to $4.4 billion. With ASC 606 now fully implemented, fiscal '20 results, starting with the first quarter, were reported on the same basis as fiscal '19.Let's turn to Slide 9 to dig a little deeper into our quarterly revenue growth. Keep in mind that the numbers on the slide are presented on the ASC 606 adjusted basis I just talked about. I'll start with recurring revenues on the bottom half of the slide because those are the revenues that are the biggest driver of our overall economics.Recurring revenues rose 6% in the quarter, including organic growth of 5%. The biggest driver of that growth came from the onboarding of new business, our Closed sales as shown here. As expected, internal growth rebounded nicely in the fourth quarter after a low in Q3, contributing 2 points of growth driven by higher stock record growth and higher GTO revenues. Acquisitions contributed only 1 point of growth in the fourth quarter as the RPM acquisition did not close until early June and the TD deal closed at the end of June. As I noted earlier, these deals will contribute more meaningfully in fiscal '20. Total revenues grew 1% to $1.2 billion in the quarter, as the growth in recurring revenues was offset by lower event-driven and distribution revenues. Event-driven revenues came in at a healthy $51 million but were down from a year ago. The continued decline in low to no margin distribution revenues contributed a 2-point drag, and the strength in the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar and British pound lowered revenue growth by 1 point.Next, I'll cover the performance of our ICS and GTO segments on Slide 10. ICS recurring fee revenues declined 11% on an as-reported basis as the accounting change shifted approximately $100 million of mostly proxy revenue to the third quarter. Adjusting for ASC 606, recurring revenues rose 6% in the fourth quarter.Looking at the growth drivers behind that 6% increase, steady net new business gains kept pace even with the ongoing runoff of the known client loss in customer communications. Solid equity and annual position growth and excellent issuer performance helped to drive 2 points of internal growth in the fourth quarter. The acquisitions of FundAssist and MackayWilliams in the fourth quarter of fiscal '18 also contributed 1 point to growth. Turning to GTO. GTO rebounded nicely in the fourth quarter, with 8% total revenue growth and 5% organic growth up from flat in Q3. Contributing to GTO's return to healthy organic growth levels was 2 points of internal growth compared to a negative 3 points last quarter. That rebound was driven by a combination of modestly higher trading volumes and better licenses in other revenues performance.Let's turn to profits on Slide 11. On a reported-to-reported basis, adjusted operating income declined 8% to $267 million and adjusted EPS declined 8% to $1.72 per share. The decline in fourth quarter earnings was the result of the ASC 606 shift of proxy fee revenues and related earnings from the fourth quarter to the third quarter. These results were right in line with the guidance we gave on our May earnings call.And now for the full year, on Slide 12. Looking through all the noise around the timing of revenue recognition caused by ASC 606 and typical seasonality, Broadridge delivered another strong full year with adjusted operating income growth of 8% and adjusted EPS growth of 11%.Moving to capital allocation on Slide 13. Broadridge generated $544 million of free cash flow in fiscal '19, approximately $20 million below our guidance range as a result of higher working capital, a slightly lower access to tax benefit or ETB and higher client onboarding investments, which should serve to drive future growth. We invested approximately $550 million back into our business. The biggest use of cash was for acquisitions, which, as Tim noted, will extend our product breadth and the strength our wealth management business. In total, we invested approximately $400 million to buy RPM, Rockall and the TD assets, with $350 million of an aggregate purchase price coming out of cash in fiscal 2019, another $43 million that will be paid in Q1 of fiscal '20. Given our typical reinvestment and newly acquired businesses and deal financing costs, we expect modest EPS contribution in fiscal 2020 from these deals, although we expect all three to generate very attractive returns over time.We also invested more than $70 million in CapEx and software. Another large area of investment for us, approximately $70 million net of client reimbursements was in the client-driven work we were doing to build our global GPTM, post-trade technology platform and our new wealth product. Linking these product development efforts to long-term client contracts gives us the confidence and ability to accelerate our product development efforts, and we expect this area of investment to pick up further in fiscal '20 as large efforts accelerate and push the investment to greater than $100 million. In conjunction with our revenue backlog, we view this spend as a positive sign of our growth in future cash flows.Given this increase in investment, we expect fiscal '20 free cash flow to be equivalent to that of fiscal '19. In fiscal '19, we also balanced those investments with returning capital to shareholders. In total, we returned $578 million, equivalent to about $5 per share to our shareholders in fiscal 2019. $211 million was in the form of dividends. A figure that will climb to greater than $240 million in fiscal '20 as a result of 11% increase in the dividend that we announced this morning. We also deployed $367 million net of option proceeds to repurchase 3.2 million shares, including 2.3 million shares in the fourth quarter.We closed fiscal 2019 with an EBITDAR debt leverage ratio of 1.9x, in line with our long-term target of 2.0x adjusted leverage. Our free cash flow and balance sheet positioned Broadridge well for continued, balanced capital allocation in fiscal '20 and beyond.Before I give some additional insight into our guidance, I want to touch on our recurring revenue backlog on Slide 14. As a reminder, our recurring revenue backlog represents an estimate of first year revenue from Closed sales that has not yet been recognized. Our recurring revenue backlog grew 12% to approximately $330 million from $295 million at the end of fiscal '18. As our record Closed sales more than outstripped revenues onboarded over the course of fiscal '19. This equates to 12% of fiscal '19 recurring revenues.Further, the not yet live portion grew to $240 million. We believe the backlog is a good indicator of our ability to generate ongoing revenue growth.Now let's look ahead into fiscal '20. Our full year guidance can be found on Slide 15. First, we expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 8% to 10%, which includes organic growth of 5% to 7% and approximately 3 points of growth coming from our fourth quarter acquisitions. The midpoint represents acceleration from fiscal '19, driven mostly by acceleration of growth in our GTO segment. We expect GTO's recurring revenue growth to be in the midteens as a steady stream of new client onboardings should push up GTO's full year organic growth rate to mid- to high single-digits levels. RPM, a $40 million to $50 million revenue business and Rockall, a $10 million to $15 million revenue business will contribute the balance. In ICS, we expect another year of mid-single-digit organic growth driven by continued healthy mid- to upper single-digit position growth and growth in our data and analytics product lines, partially offset by a flattish top line performance in customer communications.Next, we expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 6%, as we expect low-margin distribution revenues to be roughly flat or contract in the low single digits, thus weighing down total revenue growth. Rounding out total revenue growth, we expect an approximate 5% to 15% decline in event-driven revenues, and we expect FX loss to widen at a rate greater than recurring growth with the addition of more non-U.S. revenue, including from our recent acquisitions.Third, we expect adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 18%, up from 17% in fiscal '19, which is more or less in line with our target of a 50-plus basis point per annum increase. The margin expansion is being driven by higher recurring revenues and modest expense growth, offset in part by lower event-driven revenues. This means were targeting high single digit or better growth in adjusted operating income.Moving down the income statement, the increase in leverage should result in higher interest expense. Our overall tax rate should be steady at 21% as our core tax rate, which excludes the excess tax benefit, remains unchanged at 24%. And we're projecting ETB of $20 million in fiscal '20, in line with fiscal '19's $19.3 million benefit. We also expect a modest benefit from lower share count as a result of our fourth quarter share repurchases.As a result, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be 8% to 12%. And last, we expect Closed sales to be in the range of $190 million to $230 million. Finally, a word on Q1 fiscal '20 and earnings seasonality. As you think about the cauterization of your estimates, please recall that our event fees were 30% -- were up 30% in Q1 fiscal '19 and represented the largest quarter for event-driven fees in fiscal '19. Consequently, we expect event fees to contract in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 by approximately 30% to 35% to a more normalized level, which will also have an impact on first quarter EPS. With event-driven revenues at this level, we believe fiscal '20 Q1 EPS is likely to be consistent with the approximately 13% of full year adjusted EPS, that the first quarter typically represents.In closing, we maintained our strong business momentum exiting fiscal '19 and are positioned well for another good year marked by healthy mid-single digit organic recurring fee revenue growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth.We will now go to questions, Rocko?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Good to see the strong finish on Closed sale. Just to dig in to the 2020 Closed sales target of $190 million to $230 million, could you drill down a little bit on what you expect to be the main drivers of that Closed sales target? More ICS, more GTO, any thoughts by product?
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Dave, it's Tim. Thank you very much for the commentary. And we are really excited about the continued momentum that we see in the business and as reflected in sales and as reflected in our pipeline. And the -- in 2019, we obviously had the very large wealth win. And so when we think about '20, this target that we're putting out represents a nice growth above where we were in '19, when you exclude that big wealth win. So I think that's just a sign of the confidence and momentum that we see in the business. It's really across the board, and if I were to try to focus in on any one area, there's not some giant big deal that is baked in here. We continue to see really good momentum in our various ICS solutions that fit all around the regulatory communications business. We continue to see really good underlying momentum in the GTO areas, both in capital markets and in wealth and investment management.We don't see another UBS-type thing in this next calendar year. It -- that is something that will take longer to develop, but we have lot of other wealth solutions that have a good head of steam on them. And we're having really good results in the areas serving mutual funds as well with a good head of stream there around our data and analytics products. So we're really seeing very balanced growth across all of our product lines. We are -- and this growth we think will carry us to a very good result in '20, without any specific large deal driving that. And frankly, we are planning in terms of how we believe that we can continue to grow sales in the years beyond because we see a lot of demand for what we're doing. And let me just take a minute on this because over the past seven months, I have met more than 20 CEOs of our clients. In my -- as I'm introducing myself and really talking to them about what are the issues driving them and the themes that we've been talking about, and I'll come back to this as we go through other questions, but are really resonating. And so we see good demand across each of the growth themes that we're pursuing.
David Togut: Appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up. Jim, what are your assumptions on share repurchase for 2020? I don't think you called out any share repurchase in your 2020 EPS guide?
James Young: No. We don't really have any explicit assumptions for '20. As you know, most of the -- like all of the share count implications are coming from our FY '19 activities. So we were happy that we were able to deploy almost $370 million, again, share repurchases. No really additional contributions in '20.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Look, we're happy to see the recent rate hitting GTO in the quarter. If you could just help us understand, I mean, I know you've had a few large clients that you've been working towards. Are you starting to see the final -- the actual revenue roll onto that now? I think you were alluding to a couple in your prepared remarks. And then perhaps, just think about the cadence for GTO, as we look forward to 2020 -- into the fiscal '20 year?
Timothy Gokey: Sure. Darrin, it's Tim. And as you know, these are -- these large projects are complex. And some of them coming right on time, some of them take longer and sometimes that's due to us and sometimes that is due to them. And so the acceleration that you -- that we saw in GTO in this last quarter, it was not the result of any major client onboarding, and that's something that is still to come. And we like the fact that we're seeing acceleration, even though some of the stuff is taking a little bit longer than we'd like. But it definitely will be one of the things driving us as the year goes on. So that 8% to 10% that we're seeing in recurring revenue for the company is, it takes all this into account. And it is -- we feel so very good about it.
James Young: And Darrin, this is Jim. On the cadence for GTO, obviously, as we said, we're pretty excited about midteens growth that we're targeting for GTO. At the moment, it looks pretty even in terms of the growth across the quarters. What you'll get is a bit of a mix between the organic and the acquisitions over the quarters. Acquisitions obviously will be a bit heavier in the early quarters as we annualize, and then organic, we would expect to start more modestly and then ramp over the year as we start working through the big backlog and get the onboardings going.
Darrin Peller: Okay. All right. Guys, I mean your business performed well pretty broad base. I'd be curious to hear more about the newer -- we'll kind of not new anymore, but one of the areas you've been growing in on wealth. First of all, you've done deals there. Now M&A has been more pronounced there. Can you just help us understand the split, first of all, between GTO and ICS? And then more importantly, what's the -- what do you expect the growth profile of that overall -- of wealth management could be? And is that something worth splitting out as a separate business or almost a separate line item for modeling purposes?
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Darrin, thanks for asking that question. And just as a reminder for everyone listening, the opportunity here is that firms are having to really evolve their business model due to commoditization, asset management, all the other trends in wealth management. And there's no real skilled technology player serving wealth management firms. They have to either build it themselves or they have to buy a platter of point solutions and try to integrate them together. And we think that's a big opportunity. And one of the things that I've been talking to the CEOs, that I just mentioned, as we talk about our vision for creating something that, you buy part of rewards but the more you buy the better it is. That vision is really resonating with them.And so that's just I think the big picture. We do see this as something that is going to be an ongoing growth engine for us. It is -- and recognizing that regulatory communications has a lot to do with wealth management, that's really in part because of regulatory communications business that we do serve 20 of -- the top 20 wealth managers today. I -- some of this growth though is probably more on the GTO side than the ICS side. We do have some good products in ICS, like adviser websites, data aggregation and some other offers. But it's a bit more on the GTO side. And this is something that in the -- in this near future you're going to see the impact from the M&A that we've done. And just as a reminder, Rockall is a really good securities-based lending platform, previously we did adviser compensation. With RPM, we're really bringing on the ability to integrate the banking side with wealth management in Canada now and maybe more than that eventually. The -- all the digital communications conversations we're having really resonate well with wealth managers. So there's a lot there. But we'll see, I think, initially the impacts on the M&A. We'll see the impact from our existing point solutions, and then probably not in 2020 but beyond 2020, we'll begin to see the impact from some of these larger transformative deals.
James Young: And on the reporting side, Darrin, obviously, we'll be excited to showcase our results in the area. And we'll give that some thought as to when the best time to break down out is. But obviously, we're really excited about the progress in wealth.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Peter Heckmann of D.A. Davidson & Co.
Alexis Huseby: This is Alexis Huseby on for Pete. Could you just remind us the annual revenue contribution of the three recent acquisitions?
James Young: Yes. We talked about the business in Canada RPM, which in U.S. dollars is $40 million to $50 million. The Rockall business, based in Ireland, is about $10 million to $15 million. And the TD assets, represent a business that's approaching about $20 million in fee revenues. So good contribution. That's where we get the 3 points of growth next year from acquisitions.
Alexis Huseby: Great. And then are you aware of the timing of any proposed rule changes on mutual fund interim distribution? Or any other regulatory changes pending that we should be monitoring?
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Let me grab that one. So really two areas on regulatory. There is the implementation of 30e-3. And is there -- and what is the next generation of that client experience for fund companies. And as context there, over the past 10 years, we've reduced the overall cost per transaction by 40%, saving the industry $400 million. So we feel really good about the impact that we made here. And we're pleased that more than 130 funds are adopting our solution for implementing 30e-3. We think that, that is -- that -- there is a future opportunity to make those notices that will be sent even more valuable by having enhanced content on them. And that's something that we continue to discuss with players in the industry. And the implementation of this, which is in 2021, as we said before, is a modest positive for us. That is -- for us we really see it as more of an investment in the ecosystem. So that's a 30e-3 piece. There is ongoing, I'd say, research by the SEC in terms of how to further enhance the client experience.And we're certainly giving input into that, which we think can help the investors disclosure be at even a higher level, and I think both ourselves and the investment company institute have talked about the idea of summary documents and making these documents much more legible and easier to read for investors. And then the other big area is proxy plumbing, and the discussions there that have followed from the roundtable last fall. And there's good momentum there, really around the notion of end-to-end confirmation. And that is something we wrote a letter along with the Council of Institutional Investors, Society of Corporate Secretaries and SIFMA this past winter, all supporting the idea of end-to-end confirmation. We are -- we currently tabulate for about half of the industry, and we're going to introduce end-to-end confirmation for the part where we can make it happen, beginning next year. And there is an industry working group around how to bring that to the other half of the industry. And again, we think this is something that will just continue to increase investor's confidence in the current system and allow through end-to-end confirmation to eliminate any possibility of things like omnibus proxies that don't transfer and things like that. There's some sort of edge cases that will be surfaced through end-to-end confirmation that will really improve the integrity of the entire process.
Operator: And your next question today comes from Oscar Turner of SunTrust.
Oscar Turner: So first question is on customer communications. Just wondering if you can give some color on the pipeline in that segment? And I think Tim discussed a couple recent wins, but are those any things that you think would move the needle?
Timothy Gokey: Oscar, it's Tim. I think the thing on customer communications is -- so preferably -- I'm going to come back to sales but I do want to just -- one thing, we always talk about the revenue, but I also want to take us back to our thesis and the strong synergies. And we have achieved 2x on the synergies. So we are -- well, we've had declining revenues, that has not been affecting earnings, I think that's just something to have out there. We right now are seeing a loss of small and medium sales, and we have a nice backlog of business to onboard. That amount of business to onboard is probably not enough to sort of significantly accelerate the growth. And this is enough to sort of move it to what we're talking about for next year, which is sort of roughly flat. The -- we have been moving through this large client that has been off-boarding.And it's an interesting one because the fact that, that is off-boarding more slowly than expected has -- mean we've been talking about this decline for a lot longer than expected. If we personally own this business, we'd be happy. The longer it stays the better it is. But as a public company, it means you're talking about it a lot longer. So we do expect to be finally done with that sort of at the end of the calendar year. And at that time we would expect the rate of sales that we have to sort of get us to even balance. And beyond that, then it's really looking forward to other larger conversations that could make a bigger difference. We do think things like that are out there. There are large players, but those are long complex conversations. You can't really tell what the timing of those, but they would be meaningful when they occurred. And of course, in the longer run, that is the whole digital idea. And definitely in the conversations that I have with CEOs of wealth management firms, when we talk about what the future of communications is and how this all needs to be delivered through mobile experience with abilities to drill down and to take action. That is a vision that people really see as what the future is. And so our thought is really about how do we focus all of this in terms of helping our clients’ transition to that future timing, which is indeterminate but importance.
Oscar Turner: Okay. And then second question, just on M&A. Seen a pickup in the deal pace recently with the tuck-ins that you mentioned. Just wondering how we should think about your appetite for a larger transformational deal in any of those spaces you mentioned. So I think you talked about governance, capital markets and wealth management.
Timothy Gokey: Absolutely. So first of all, just thinking of tuck-in M&A, in fintech is an evergreen strategy. It is -- there's -- there are always new solutions, there are always management teams getting things for a certain size, wanting to take it to the next level and wanting to partner with someone like us. And we have a strong track record of doing that really for growth and making growth accretive, and it's something that's just we view as an ongoing piece of our business. And we worked very active in the last quarter. I'd say, our approach hasn’t changed. We continue to have the same criteria that we always have in terms of good returns that we're the very best owner. And we do have a very -- we've been active in the fourth quarter and we have a very active pipeline right now because there are a lot of properties for sale because it's a good time to be a seller, which also means that you have to be careful as a buyer. And so our criteria around -- are we really the best owner in the deadline with our strategic theme.When we think about larger transactions, it is -- there's a version of that that's an extension of what I just talked about, where it's still sort of tuck-in, the bigger tuck-in. And we would have definitely appetite for the right thing that met all those criteria around strategic fit and around the ability to have a good financial return over time. And then when one thinks about something that is even more transformative than that, I think it becomes pretty opportunistic in terms of, are there any situations that make sense. And we -- it's just -- it's not something you can really analyze ahead of time. And we just are already focused on what we can control and -- which is study pipeline of things that are very visible at looking 100 deals a year. And we think we can be very repeatable for the long term.
Operator: And our next question of today comes from Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Donat: Just wanted to follow up on that last one as it relates to your share repurchase activity in fiscal '19. Because -- is it fair to say that when you're more active on the share repurchase side, that's like your last alternative to investing in the business and M&A? Is that the right way to think about your priorities?
James Young: Chris, it's Jim. Look, we continue to be very focused on the balance capital allocation. And so we look over a long period of time and not necessarily formulaically but we certainly arrive at a pretty good balance between M&A and share repurchase. In a given year, clearly, we'll keep an eye on what our M&A pipeline looks like. And obviously, we also look opportunistically at our share price. And clearly, there's some opportunities here to jump in and get some shares that had good prices. And obviously, it helps when it's towards the end of the year, we've got better visibility in the high free cash flow quarter for us, it helps us align that, so -- and still finishing the year just below our target leverage ratio. So this is going to continue to be part of our MO. And we're pleased with sort of what we accomplished with good M&A goals as well as sort of meaningful share repurchase in the year. And as Tim said, the pipeline in M&A remains strong, timing is always a fool's errand to figure out exactly the timing.
Christopher Donat: Okay. And then one question about your guidance for event-driven revenue. And I recognize that it's event-driven so it's hard to predict. But first, just do you have at this point -- being August 1, pretty good visibility into your fiscal first quarter? And then second, what are the big swing factors for the full year on the difference between down 5% or down 15%, is it mostly on the mutual fund side, or is it more contest specials? Like just, what would you expect you would do more likely to move the needle?
James Young: Yes, Chris, as a reminder for others, remember this is about 5% of our revenue, but clearly, we like it when it's there. I would just highlight before I get to your question, I think one of the things that we're very pleased with is, look we had a -- we had some good event years and we had chances to reinvest significantly on a year like this. So events down and it wasn't much of a ripple, even on our guidance we're expecting to be down again and still teeing up similar earnings growth targets. So obviously, we always keep an eye on it. There's not a lot to management with it. But our goals to sort of manage through that, whether it's up or down. So as we look at the given year.Yes, we have decent visibilities, we've always said, as we look out 98-plus days, we always feel pretty good about what we could see. We've got 1 decent-sized fund in the queue for the year. As you go down to the second half of the year, much harder to determine where it's going to come from. That said, we've been at this for a while. And so we have pretty good analytics on understanding some base level of event to recognizing the forecasting challenges in this area. And so we feel pretty good. Funds, I'd say, more chance for upside coming from equity contest and specials. And on the fund side, and as you know, those are certainly hard to handicap. And we don't have any heroic assumptions in there on that. And obviously, we get a lot of little contributions across a lot of small deals and occasionally, some larger deals. So we feel good. I mean we're focused on delivering on the things we've got, plans to deliver and some good visibility on a good base level of event fees.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: So normally I think as we look at your deals you guys pay maybe around 3x revenue for the company that you're buying. I think you paid around 6.5x for RPM. What were the characteristics that you saw with RPM that justify that price in your view?
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Patrick, it is -- it's Tim. And RPM has a really strong growth trajectory and is a really good strategic fit, and it is -- has good profitability. So when we look at -- we model all this out, obviously, like everyone does in terms of what do we expect is going to happen over time in terms of its future revenues, how those are going to translate into contribution for us, and what's the return we're going to get. And so the revenue multiple can definitely vary on those. But this is one that -- is something that is -- we think is going to be a really nice pick for us, really help us grow our wealth management business in Canada, but also give us some optionality over time because it has a really nice technology architecture that can do some other things for us too.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Timothy Gokey: Great. I just wanted to thank everyone for participating in the call, and just want to reiterate that really the significant opportunity that we see ahead and how well positioned we think Broadridge is to really help make a difference for the industry, and just look forward to talking to you next quarter when we have more progress to report. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. And we thank you, all, for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Anne, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your first speaker for today Mr. Edings Thibault. Thank you. You may begin your conference.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Anne. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Broadridge's third quarter 2019 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our CEO and President; and our CFO, Jim Young. Before I turn the call over to Jim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. And an explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning, everyone. Broadridge reported solid third quarter results and is poised to deliver another strong year of recurring revenue growth double-digit EPS growth and strong closed sales. We also continue to make excellent progress against key growth initiatives across governance, capital markets and wealth management. And we announced two tuck-in acquisitions that enhance our capabilities in key strategic areas as well as our ability to hit our three year objectives and to deliver long-term growth. This morning, I will review our key guidance points, walk through our business results and share our progress against these important growth initiatives. Then I will hand over to Jim to walk through our financial results in more detail. As you know the ASC 606 accounting change has had a big impact on our quarterly results. Jim will help you bridge between our reported figures and our underlying results. He will also provide further insights on our fiscal 2019 guidance. So let's get started on page 4. Broadridge reported solid third quarter results. Recurring fee revenues rose 20% to $767 million and total revenues rose 14% to $1.95 billion in line with the guidance we gave last quarter. Excluding the impact of the accounting change recurring revenues grew 4% and total revenues were up 1%. During the quarter adjusted EPS was $1.59 ahead of our outlook. Event-driven revenues were a healthy $68 million contributing to the strength of our quarterly EPS. With nine months of the year now complete and with visibility on more than 80% of the proxy season Broadridge is very well-positioned to deliver another strong year with recurring revenue growth in the mid single-digits and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Looking ahead to the end of the year, we are reaffirming or raising our outlook across all three of our most important guidance points. First, we are reaffirming our expectations for recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%, drove toward the lower end of that range. Second, we are reaffirming our guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 9% to 13%. And third, we are raising our outlook for closed sales on the back of a record year-to-date results and the continued strength of our sales pipeline. Outside of these three key guidance points, we are lowering our overall outlook for total revenue growth, primarily as a result of lower-than-expected distribution revenues. These distribution revenues carry little and no margin and we're therefore also raising our margin outlook reflecting this improved mix as well as our own work to deliver on costs. The changes to our revenue and margin guidance are a reminder that changes in distribution revenue have little impact on our operating profit. That's why we emphasize recurring revenue growth and separately event driven revenue rather than total revenue as the best metrics for Broadridge. Simply put, we are much more aligned with our profitability. Given our focus on sustainable long-term growth, I'm even more pleased that we're positioned to deliver another year of strong double-digit earnings growth while continuing to invest in digital communications, in fixed income network benefits and in emerging capabilities by cloud and block chain. The strength of our recurring revenue business model, combined with a lot of really good work across the company, enables us to both deliver strong returns and make critical investments for growth. The outlook for fiscal 2019 also leaves Broadridge very well positioned to achieve three year Investor Day growth objectives for 2020 as well as continued growth beyond 2020. Let's turn to slide 5 to review our business results and the progress we've made against our growth initiatives. Before I begin my overview, I want to note that I will be referring to growth rates, which exclude the impact of the accounting change. Jim will take you through the impact of this change in detail. But I think it's more helpful, if I focus on the underlying business trends. I'll begin with our ICS business, which continued to generate strong results with 6% underlying recurring revenue growth. Excluding customer communications, which as we've discussed in the past, continue to cycle through the loss of large clients, ICS revenues were up 14%, reflecting both the strength in our regulatory communications business as well as strong demand for our data and analytics offers. Consistent with the outlook we shared on our last call, both stock and interim record growth slowed somewhat in the third quarter. Stock record growth slowed to 3% in the quarter, as we comped a robust 11% from a year ago. With less than 20% of proxies expected to be distributed in May and June, we expect full year stock record growth to be in the mid-single-digit range. Interim record growth, which covers both mutual funds and ETF's, also slowed a bit to 6% in the third quarter versus 8% a year ago. We expect full year interim growth to be in the mid to high-single-digits. Event-driven revenues in the third quarter were ahead of our expectations driven by higher mutual fund proxies due to recent fund consolidations. When fund companies merge, they typically need to get approval of their individual fund shareholders to shift fund management to the new corporate entity. It requires a proxy vote, and such activity benefited our results in the third quarter. Now let's turn to our GTO business, where third quarter revenue was essentially flat with a strong Q3 of 2018 and growth was slower than last quarter. There were several temporary factors driving that slowdown in growth. The rest was the impact of lower trade volumes. As you recall, equity trading volumes rose 28% year-over-year in the fiscal third quarter of 2018. Against that strong comparable, FY 2019 equity volumes were 6% lower. A second factor was longer implementation cycles as we discussed last quarter. We expect both these temporary factors will subside and the GTO revenue growth will accelerate in the mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter. Turning to sales, we reported $37 million of closed sales in the quarter, pushing our year-to-date number up to a record $161 million. Notable signings included two sales of our GPTM platform capabilities U.S. Bank, a great sign of the traction we are gaining in the market as we continue to make progress on-boarding some of our early clients. We expect to close out fiscal 2019 on a strong note, and we are raising our guidance for closed sales to $200 million to $240 million from $185 million to $225 million. Beyond our financial results, I'm excited that our progress we made against key growth initiatives across governance, capital markets and wealth management and will further strengthen our ability to drive long-term value for our clients and shareholders. In our governance business, our path to long-term growth lies in creating and delivering next generation communications that empower retail shareholders. Their strength and governance and the drive down of clients cost made a small but important step forward on that path with the launch of our new proxy voting app last month. The new proxy vote app is available on both the Apple and Android app stores. And it creates an intuitive streamlined experience to drive more meaningful engagement. Investors will be able to vote directly in the app and receive important regulatory and educational information on boards of director's elections and the DFC decisions. We're also working with our broker-dealer clients to streamline the voting process within their app and to enhance their e-mail communications. And it is working. One of our smaller clients has already reported a meaningful uptick in voting during the current proxy season as their clients find it easy to engage on governance matters with the new technology. Speaking of the investor experience, the issue of end-to-end vote confirmation and proxy voting remains an important focus. Working in tandem with institutional investor’s corporate issuers and broker-dealers we submitted a joint comment letter to the SEC to make end-to-end vote confirmation a reality and increase confidence in the integrity of the corporate governance process. Using technology to enhance the proxy process is a win-win for all parties. Individual investors find it easier to make their voice heard, our broker partners get an enhanced relationship with their clients, corporate issuers see higher engagement with their shareholders all of which cements the important role that Broadridge plays as the critical infrastructure provider at the center of corporate governance. Beyond proxy voting, we're working with more than 130 mutual fund complexes to help them prepare to implement the new notice access 30e-3 rule using our technology to help them capture the communications preferences of their shareholders across 1,200 plus broker-dealers. That same technology also allows for those shareholders to opt all the way into e-deliver bypassing notice and access altogether and creating additional savings for those funds. Progress on all three of these initiatives offers great insight into how we build our governance franchise by driving value to all constituents, investors, issuers, funds regulators and broker-dealers. We're using technology to make it easier and more cost efficient for shareholders to vote across multiple platforms. We are helping lead the industry to find common sense solutions and strengthen governance. And we're working with our clients to help them implement lower cost alternatives to physical mail. These changes are right for the industry and they benefit investors. Turning to our GTO business, I'm excited about the progress we are making in onboarding the new clients. We're off to a strong start in working with UBS to build our innovative wealth platform. We're moving beyond the planning stage into execution and ramping up our development team to deliver on our commitments. We also continue to work with a major client to bring the U.S. equities business onto our SaaS technology platform. These technology implementations should contribute to the reacceleration of revenue growth that we expect in the fourth quarter. These implementations are critical for two reasons. First, as they progress we can begin to recognize revenue turning sales backlog into revenue growth. The second and bigger benefit is that other potential clients can see how modern technology platforms can streamline their operations not just in theory, but in real practice. It's no coincidence as we bring more major clients onto our platform we are seeing heightened interest from other players in learning how we can help them. M&A is another important part of our long-term investment strategy. And we are investing approximately $100 million to tuck-in acquisitions that will strengthen our existing mutual fund business and broaden our wealth management product line. First, we announced the acquisition of TD Ameritrade's retirement custody and trust assets. This business which provides mutual fund and ETF trading and custody services to record keepers and third-party administrators will build on our sustained Matrix business, which combined $420 billion of retirement assets under administration to solidify Broadridge's position as one of the largest third-party providers of fund trading, deprocessing and custodial solutions. And the incremental scale will enable us to invest more gradually to build out our technology platform. Second, we acquired Rockall Technologies, a SaaS based provider of securities based lending and collateral management solutions for wealth management firms. Rockall not only extends our product line in wealth management, also it gives us new front office capabilities that we can eventually incorporate into our broader wealth platform. These acquisitions are exciting. And they continue our successful approach of acquiring small to midsize businesses, and grow our four franchises to strengthen our capabilities. No different than the past, M&A will continue to play an integral part, in our growth and investment strategy going forward. Even if in a highly competitive M&A market, we continue to find value-creating opportunities that are tightly aligned with our strategic program and where we can add unique value. The TD and Rockall deals are both great examples. And we will remain on the lookout for additional M&A investments. So let me wrap-up my comments with a summary of my key messages. First, Broadridge announced solid third quarter results with 4% pro forma recurring fee revenue growth and strong earnings growth. Second, with three quarters complete, and good visibility into Q4, we are well positioned to deliver strong, full year 2019 results including double-digit EPS growth. And third, Broadridge is making great progress against our key growth initiatives. We continue to make strides in developing next-generation regulatory communications and in strengthening our governance business. And capital markets and wealth management, we've also made strong progress in delivering on the integrated technology platforms that will help our clients to reduce the cost, and complexity of their operations. And our recent M&A activity, provides us with additional scale to invest, and will extend our wealth management product suite. These steps and others, give me confidence that Broadridge is on track to deliver more value to our clients, and long-term growth for our shareholders. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to thank Broadridge's more than 10,000 Associates across the globe, for the important work they do in delivering product lines and thereby enabling better financial lives for millions of investors. Jim?
Jim Young: Thanks Tim and good morning everyone. Before reviewing our results, I'll make a few callouts. First, Broadridge had a solid third quarter. We delivered on our third quarter recurring revenue and total revenue guidance and exceeded the high end of our EPS range on healthy event fees, and continued cost discipline. Second, as discussed previously, the ongoing implementation of the new ASC 606 accounting standard, has the effect of shifting a large chunk of recurring fee proxy, and associated distribution revenues into the third quarter that previously under ASC 605 would have been reported in the fourth quarter. Accordingly reported growth rates comparing the third quarter last year under, 605 to the third quarter this year under, 606 are not indicative of the underlying performance of this business. Therefore, in addition to on an as-reported basis, we are providing on today's presentation recurring and total revenue growth rates where revenue for Q3 in the year-to-date fiscal 2018 are under 606 to provide a more meaningful view of our top line performance. And before I move onto my final call-out, I'll remind you that while the impact of the accounting change is material to the third and fourth quarter of growth rates on a reported basis the expected full-year impact on results and growth rates is immaterial. Third and final guidance, with three quarters of the year behind us and our visibility into full-year proxy revenues we are reaffirming or raising our FY 2019 guidance for the three most important guidance points. One, we are reaffirming our outlook for recurring fee revenue growth. Two, we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS growth guidance range. And three we are raising our closed sales guidance. Additionally, we are lowering our total revenue growth guidance to reflect our outlook for reduced, low to no margin distribution revenue and FX headwinds. And finally, we are raising operating margin guidance on the margin accretion from the reduction in our outlook per load in our margin distribution revenues. I will give more color on each of these. And where the range is we expect to finish in a few minutes. Let's move on to the slides. I will begin on slide 6. On a reported basis, recurring revenue was up 20% and event fees were up 3% and total revenue was up 14%. However, as I said in my opening callouts, the ongoing implementation of the new accounting standard in fiscal 2019 shifted significant equity proxy revenues from the fourth quarter to the third quarter and fiscal 2018 is reported under ASC 605. Therefore, a more meaningful comparison is to fiscal 2018 Q3 revenue results under ASC 606 as shown on this page. On this basis, recurring revenue grew 4% event fees were flat and total revenue was up 1% these results were consistent with the Q3 guidance we provided in February. Again, the accounting change is expected to have a material impact on the fiscal 2019 third and fourth quarter growth rates only, while the full-year impact would be immaterial. We provided fiscal 2018 results under ASC 606 by quarter revenue type and segment on pages 19 and 20 in the appendix of this presentation. Let's move on to slide 7 for the drivers of revenue growth. I will start with a more important metric recurring revenue growth on the bottom half of the slide. Recurring revenue growth was up 4% on an ASC 606 basis in the third quarter. Organic recurring revenue growth was 3%, slightly below the 4% to 7% growth we have seen consistently over the last nine quarters or so. We think this is a temporary dip. Onboarding of new business across ICS and GTO continued at a very healthy clip. Six points of growth from new sales is very consistent with our performance over the last two plus years. Conversely, internal growth which has also been a consistent contributor of growth was modestly negative as we lapped exceptionally strong trading volumes and one-timers in GTO in the third quarter of last year. In the fourth quarter, we expect internal growth to return to positive territory with continued mid single-digit position growth in ICS and less difficult trading volume comps in GTO. Moving now to total revenue. Total revenue grew 1% to $1.2 billion in the third quarter. The 4% recurring growth translated into three points of total revenue growth. And event driven revenues benefited from increased mutual fund proxy activity and were flat against very healthy levels in the prior year. Distribution revenues declined and the weaker Canadian dollar and British pound continued to be a headwind causing an additional one point of drag in the quarter. The nine months year-to-date revenue results on a reported and on 606 basis can be found on slides 13, 14 and 15 in the appendix. I'll now move to slide 8. On reported-to-reported basis, adjusted operating income rose 68% to $256 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. This exceptional growth rate was primarily the effect of implementing ASC 606 of recurring revenues. Relative to our expectations event fees were a bit higher and with their high incremental margins contributed nicely in the quarter. Also as expected SG&A expense growth in the quarter moderated to 4% versus the prior year. We expect SG&A growth to continue to moderate in the fourth quarter. Adjusted EPS rose 59% to $1.59 per share in the third quarter. A notably higher tax rate explains the growth differential between the 68% adjusted operating income growth and the 59% adjusted EPS growth. Our effective tax rate was 23% for the quarter, up from 12.9% a year ago. The biggest driver of that change was a drop in the excess tax benefit or ETB to $1 million from $16 million a year ago. As we've discussed, this is a difficult line item to forecast with year-to-date activity lagging well behind our original $25 million forecast we are reducing our ETB outlook to $20 million. This was the effect of increasing our expected effective tax rate for fiscal 2019. We have provided additional tax detail on slide 17 in the appendix. Let's turn to slide 9 for additional color on our segment results. Our ICS segment reported strong underlying results. As I said at the outset, the impact of the ASC 606 revenue accounting change was most pronounced in our ICS segment. When applied to our fiscal ICS results, the new standard shifted $97 million of recurring fee proxy revenues in the fourth quarter into the third quarter. So while we reported ICS recurring fee revenue growth was nominally 31%, underlying growth was a strong 6%. Organic growth of 5% reflected a continued strong growth excluding customer communications that Tim discussed. Looking at the growth drivers at the bottom of the slide, net new business gains were modestly offset by the client loss in Customer Communications. Internal growth remained positive and returned to a more normalized level after the exceptional Q2 interim record growth. As Tim noted, we expect stock record growth to finish the year on a healthy note. ASC 606 only had a minimal impact on GTO revenues in the third quarter and revenue growth was flat. As we indicated last quarter, GTO experienced a brief low in onboarding activity in the second and third quarters, lull which resulted in more modest net new business contribution totaling three points to growth. Internal growth turned from a consistently positive contributor to a drag of three points in the third quarter resulting in an overall flat growth. That decline in internal growth was driven by tougher trading comps as equity trades contracted 6%, comping 28% a year ago. In addition, certain onetime fee items a year ago also contributed to the negative internal growth. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect the impact of most of these temporary pressures to ease and the GTO will return to growth in the 4% to 6% range driven by positive internal growth and new onboardings. Moving to slide 10 in capital allocation. Broadridge generated $120 million of free cash flow in the third quarter and $172 million year-to-date. The new revenue recognition standard does not impact the timing of our free cash flow and accordingly, we expect the free cash flow will once again be heavily weighted to the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. Broadridge invested $46 million in capital expenditures year-to-date and returned just over $250 million to shareholders including $155 million in dividends and $97 million in net share repurchases. Following the close of the quarter, we announced the acquisitions of TD Ameritrade Trust Company assets for $62 million and Rockall Technologies for $37 million. The TD transaction is expected to close in June. The two businesses combined represent less than 1% of annual recurring revenue. Given our typical upfront reinvestment in newly acquired businesses, we expect little or no EPS accretion in fiscal 2020 from these deals, although we expect both to generate very attractive returns over time. Our adjusted leverage ratio of 1.5 times at the end of the third quarter remains below our long-term target of 2.0 times. As Tim mentioned, we continue to look for attractive M&A opportunities and have ample capital capacity. I will finish off our guidance on slide 11. First, we are reaffirming our recurring revenue guidance range of 5% to 7%. We expect to be in the lower half of this range, as we have been indicating all year. This means that the fourth quarter will be down on an as-reported basis. However, on an ASC 606 basis, the quarter will grow nicely in line with the full-year guidance reflecting continued growth in ICS and the pickup in GTO. We are reducing total revenue growth guidance to approximately 1%. This reduction is attributable to lower-than-expected, low-to-no margin distribution revenues and FX headwinds. This updated guidance implies Q4 total revenues of around $1.22 billion. Included in our outlook for total revenues , we continue to anticipate the VAT driven revenues will be down 10% to 20% off of record fiscal 2018 levels. As Tim noted, while third quarter event driven revenues benefited from mutual fund merger activity, most of these activities have wrapped up and we expect fourth quarter event driven revenues to be lower than a year ago. We are raising our adjusted operating income margin guidance 50 basis points to approximately 17% representing over 100 basis points of margin expansion over fiscal 2018. This nice uptick in our guidance reflects the reduction in the margin dilutive distribution revenues and our continued focus on delivering operating efficiencies. We are also reaffirming our adjusted EPS growth guidance of 9% to 13% and we expect that it will be right in the middle of that range for approximately 10% to 12% for the year. As I mentioned earlier, our adjusted EPS guidance reflects a cut in our outlook for ETB to $20 million from $25 million. Our free cash flow guidance remains at $565 million to $615 million and we expect to be at the low end of this range. And finally, we are raising our full-year close sales guidance to $200 million to $240 million up from $185 million to $225 million. $161 million in year-to-date sales is a record for us. And we still have a robust pipeline, which speaks to the strong market demand and our growing execution capabilities. In closing, I'm pleased with our results year-to-date and expect that Broadridge will deliver strong full-year results including strong recurring revenue growth, double-digit earnings growth and record or near record close sales. As Tim noted, our progress against key strategic initiatives gives me confidence that we are very well positioned to achieve the 3-year growth objectives we laid out at our 2017 Investor Day and to continue to deliver strong multiyear growth for our shareholders. We'll now open it up for questions. Anne? Operator1 Yes, sir. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Togut of EverCore ISI. Please ask your question.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning.
Tim Gokey: Good morning.
David Togut: Does the reacceleration Jim in GTO organic revenue growth for Q4 to 4% to 6% include the onboarding of the Tier 1 investment bank in equity in fixed income trade processing?
Tim Gokey: Hey, David it is Tim. And I'll just jump in on that. It really includes very little from that onboarding to achieve that. And look we continue to feel really good about the prospects for GTO. The long-term growth what we're seeing in backlog, what we're seeing in sales, what we're seeing in client discussions and this temporary lull due to trading comps and some items last year and our implementation mix service is temporary. And I just wanted to make a comment on the implementations mix because as we move to these longer and larger projects it is actually a positive because of the notion of that is the projects when they are implemented are larger and that is what is fueling our long-term growth. So irrespective of that onboarding we do expect a mid-single digits in Q4 and we also expect a solid 2020 and feel good about it.
David Togut: Understood. Just as a quick follow-up any update on the SEC review of the U.S. proxy system in terms of how you expect the SEC to conclude?
Tim Gokey: Absolutely. We feel really good about the progress specifically on end-to-end confirmation. This letter that I mentioned in the call in getting the Council of Institutional Investors the Society of Corporate Secretaries and the broker-dealers as represented by Sigma to all agree is very unusual. And we have done – been getting really strong positive feedback from regulators who would really like to see an industry solution here. And so the technology exists for this it has already been piloted and it is – it will really enhance what is already a world leading process. So we feel good about that. And we would just see it as a part of a pattern of creating continuing more value for all constituents.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please ask your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: So to follow-up on that last question, what are your expectations in terms of the process that the SEC might follow to work on the proxy plumbing? And then I guess along with that any thoughts you might have in terms of potential pricing review on fund interims that they put out for request for comments last year and things seem to be pretty quiet on that front?
Tim Gokey: Sure Patrick. First of all, just on the plumbing, I think that the main focus is on this question of end-to-end confirmation. And I think there will be further consultations around that. And we do expect that there will be some guidance there that will enable the industry to move forward on that. And that's something that we see as a positive. On the fees, we don't have a specific update on the fees since that submission in October and there is no real time line for what it would be if it did happen although as we said before we think it would be likely to be lengthy. What we think is most notable here is the work that we're doing with the funds to help them prepare for 30e-3. Almost 10 years ago, when Notice and Access was implemented for corporate issuers, it really changed our position with public companies as they consulted with us on how to maximize the benefit from Notice and Access then. And we're seeing the same opportunity here as we're working with -- as we said more than 100 funds to help them drive savings through 30e-3, but also continued digitization. And now we are saving the industry as we said before relative to 10 years ago $400 million a year, we see the opportunities for next $400 million in savings and again as part of the theme of continually to drive -- continue to drive value to all the constituents. So I think as all that takes place, we feel good about how we're positioned in the industry and with our clients.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. Thank you. And then, as we look at the ICS segment, obviously the North American Communication business continues to struggle and you spoke about some of those known customer rolloffs. What steps can you guys take to kind of turn that business around and to prevent it from being the growth headwind in fiscal 2020?
Tim Gokey: Sure. I think the things that we are continuing to execute on there are, first of all continuing to drive new sales and we do have a nice backlog in that business and we're working to onboard that. And that will help ameliorate this ongoing rolloff of that client. We are continuing to drive pretty strong synergies and I think we have commented that we've achieved nearly $50 million to-date. And creating that cost position, which by the way has really neutralized any earnings impact of the revenue -- revenues we've been talking about. So continue to drive cost which both neutralized any decline, but also gives us a stronger position for driving future growth. And then last is really continuing to drive digitization because, remember that the ultimate goal here is to help all of those clients get to a digital future. And that is -- that trend in the industry has taken longer than we expected, but we think we're really well positioned to help clients in the future as they make that transition and that will put us really on the right path and maybe a smaller business, but a higher margin business of that type.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Oscar Turner of SunTrust. Please ask your question.
Oscar Turner: Hey guys, good morning. So first question is on event driven. It looks like that segment or subsequent will again be a growth headwind in the fourth quarter as you guys had already forecast. I was wondering if you can provide some color into how the mutual fund calendar is shaping up for next year.
Jim Young: Sure. Oscar this is Jim. Obviously, just as a context, event has contributed nicely over the last few years, obviously a record year last year even down 10% to 20% this year is a really strong good contributions for us. Also put into your context, this is you're talking about 5%, 6% of our total revenue, so as we think ahead to next year, we are obviously in the midst of developing of our operating plans, too early to give you an event-driven outlook. That said, we take into account just as you said the calendars of major institutions, complexes many of whom have gone out over the last couple of years, look at activist activity, we look at mutual fund merger activity, activists and contests announcements et cetera. And obviously in August, we'll give you a full view of where -- of our best thinking recognizing, we're very good kind of 90 plus days out, but we have enough underlying trends in analytics that we are able to triangulate around our outlook. And then just as a final reminder when we look long-term over event driven, it continues to be a really nice grower, growing in line with position. So independent of any one year, this has continued to be a nice contributor to Broadridge.
Oscar Turner: Okay. Thanks. And then a second question on M&A, can you speak to your appetite for larger M&A deals? How much incremental leverage would you be willing to take on? And which areas would you be most likely to do such a deal?
Tim Gokey: Sure. Oscar, this is Tim. Good morning.
Oscar Turner: Good morning.
Tim Gokey: Let me gives a little broader context and then sort of jump into specific question. So, M&A really -- it does continue to be a core strategy for us. And I said before on other occasions, in Fintech is sort of Evergreen for M&A, because there are always new problems cropping up. And we have the opportunity to look across the landscape and find a really good pieces of technology and to bring those into our ecosystem for clients. And we also know that the M&A market is very expensive right now. And so we need to work harder than ever on proprietary -- some of the proprietary transactions where we bring the value and we think that TD and Rockall are both great examples of that. We have a very robust pipeline going forward and that represents a mix of size deals, some ones that are traditional tuck-ins to ones that are somewhat larger. And we would -- we really feel that the constraint right now. If you think about going back to the Matrix transaction. At that time, relative to our market cap, that would be a $1 billion transaction today. So, we don't feel constrained on this size. What we really are focused on is what are the things that are uniquely additive to our capabilities where we can create strong value for our shareholders. And Jim is just going to add on here a little bit.
Jim Young: And Oscar, just on the capacity question. Obviously, we ended the quarter at 1.5 times leverage, well below our 2.0 target leverage. As Tim just said, we don't feel constrained. We obviously have room within that. As we have said before, if there was such a transaction, certainly there's an opportunity to go a little bit over and come back down in a short period, but again that is not a driver, but it does give us a lot of flexibility in this market.
Oscar Turner: Okay. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Please ask your question.
Peter Heckmann: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to follow-up. Could you put maybe a little bit finer points on the acquired revenue? I know it's not terribly material to forecast, but looking to me like four, five, six deals on combined, should we expect that to add, let's say, $20 million at this point -- $20 million to $30 million in acquired revenue to next year?
Jim Young: Hey, Pete, it is Jim. On the -- really we're just at the moment just focused on the two deals we announced, the TD assets and Rockall, which combined are in around less than 1% of our recurring revenue which gets you pretty close to, I think, the estimates you just made. So, not massive, but nice contributors.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Okay. And then that you're -- really just trailing deals that were pretty small, I believe. Okay. And then just any update -- I didn't hear I apologize if I missed it, any update to your thoughts on the timeline for the creation and implementation of the wealth management platform for UBS?
Tim Gokey: Hey, Pete, it's Tim Gokey. That is something that we think will happen in mid-calendar 2021. So, it is a ways out, but remember we have an existing wealth business with a lot of existing wealth solutions and we continue to sell those and to grow that business. So, we think that this platform will intersect with that existing business and create something that's even stronger, without speaking any names. We're certainly having some very good client conversations around our future wealth ecosystem and obviously as we gets closer to coming live, it will be a time to -- where those could come to fruition.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. And then just in terms of the expenses related to it, I don't think you've really called out any material uptick in expenses over the next six quarters that we should be just thinking about as we start to model 2020?
Tim Gokey: That's right. Pete remember, as we develop in this particular case the wealth solution for UBS, those costs are all capitalized, and then we'll begin recognition when the revenue goes live. So they are very much in our cash flows recognizing that with any of our client deals, we're also taking in cash during that period that all goes to the balance sheet. So from a P&L standpoint, over the next year or so, really nothing of note.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Please ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Connor on for Puneet. I was wondering if you guys could give us some more detail around the incremental distribution softness you're seeing. How much of it was maybe driven by customer communications versus mix or anything else you'd call out?
Jim Young: Connor, this is Jim. The majority is certainly coming from customer communication, and clearly those types of communication have a high ratio of post distribution cost to the fees themselves. And then within that, you can get various mailings that could be even above that ratio. So it's really customer communication, no specific callout as Tim said, the distribution revenue could be a bit of a red herring, because it will move around obviously a bit of a pebble in our shoe this year. But nothing that is material at all to our earnings, and as you saw, in fact, we're taking up our operating income margin as that -- no margin revenue comes out of our -- out of the P&L.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. And maybe a related question kind of around the margin impact, but you guys have been running pretty solidly ahead of the outlook you gave us the last Analyst Day. And as we head into the final year of that outlook, around the margin specifically, should we be looking for potentially a slowdown given the strength in the first two years? I know we will get guidance next quarter, but any early thoughts would be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Young: Thanks Connor. Yeah. We're really pleased with where we are. If you remember, we set out an EPS CAGR of 14% to 18% inclusive of the Tax Act benefit we picked up, and recurring organic growth of about 5% to 7% all in with M&A 7% to 9%. So we feel like we're really tracking well against all those a little less on the inorganic piece, although too early to rule out anything at this point. The margin, specifically to your question, obviously we called for 50 basis points of margin expansion per year. I think if you take our guidance for this year plus what we delivered last year north of that 50 basis points, we're essentially there. But no, we are not done. And we obviously are ramping up our planning now for next year. As you say we will be back in August, but we feel really good with where we are, what we’ve done against those targets, and we'll be excited in August to share our guidance for next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Bauch of Wolfe Research. Please ask your question.
Andrew Bauch: Hey, guys. This is Andrew on behalf of Darrin Peller.
Tim Gokey: Hey.
Andrew Bauch: I just wanted to – hey, how is it going? I just wanted to touch on the closed sales number. Look, it's another strong number here, particularly given the $100 million we saw last quarter. Could you provide us some color on the mix here? Is it primarily across capital markets wealth or governance? And then my follow-up is looking at this growing backlog, do you have any need to kind of ramp your implementations teams? And then, is there a possibility over time you can kind of build the playbook in order to convert some of these deals faster than historically?
Tim Gokey: Yeah. Andrew, this is Tim. First of all on the closed sale, it really is a very well-balanced mix. There was not any major single deal that was a driver, and so it's a really nice balance that we saw. And as we think about the implementation, it is -- we clearly are increasing our capacity to onboard these clients. And as we talked about in the conversation with Peter, as we do that we are adding resources. That is something that really flows through the balance sheet until those implementations go live. And then we see the amortized cost and revenue from these begin to flow at that time. So, during the implementation phase, in many cases we are receiving revenue but we're also building a gross that goes in the balance sheet. But we're definitely are expanding capacity. And looking at how do we make these as fast and as efficient and effective as possible and because we see a lot of activity down the pike and so that is a real under lever for us.
Andrew Bauch: Got it, thank you so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill. Please ask your question.
Chris Donat: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask one on the equity proxy record growth, which in this quarter came in at 3% and last quarter was 15% year-on-year. And I thought that Tim's comment that, it's I guess mid-single digits for your fourth fiscal quarter. As we think about the different quarters should we really be focused on the fourth quarter just because there's much more proxy activity in that quarter? And then kind of as a related question has any of the account or the revenue recognition affected the timing of when you calculate the proxy growth?
Tim Gokey: Yeah, Chris its Tim on that first of all just starting with the very lasting perspective of revenue recognition does not affect the calculation. It's all sort of an apples-to-apples basis. I think that remember we did have a very strong Q2, but remember that whole first half is less than 20%. And so it's really -- it doesn't create that productive a comparison. When we were here in February, we said at that time that we've done tests. And we expected mid-single digits. And its true Q2 was a little below that sort of just based on the prior-year comp. But I think we feel pretty good about mid-single digits for the entire year. And the entire year is really the best place to look at. Overall just the other thing I'd say overall is that both stock record growth and interims over the long term they are driven by underlying account growth, they are driven by growth in managed accounts, and they are driven by growth in model-based investing which includes robos. And so we think that mid-single digit it flows a little bit up and down through the year, but we think that's a really good long-term trend.
Chris Donat: Okay. And then, just to follow-up on the comment on robos. Are you seeing any signs of I guess, there's on the position side a notion with them some robo advisers said there is more direct ownership of an index. In other words someone is owning 500 stocks within a portfolio and of course you need a certain dollar amount in that account do that. Are you seeing signs of that as the driver of robos? Or is it somewhere else? Or do you not have a strong sense?
Tim Gokey: Yeah we're not -- Chris we're not seeing that. We're just seeing that when someone goes into a robo model what might have been four positions in an account now becomes 13 to 30. And but we're not seeing people creating sort of full indexes.
Chris Donat: Okay, thanks very much Tim.
Tim Gokey: Okay. I'm looking here. Are we taking another question or are we wrapping up?
James Young: So I think we've concluded here.
Tim Gokey: Okay. So let me just thank everyone for joining in today. And we continue to believe that we have the strong market positions across governance capital markets and wealth management. And our platform-based business model really creates unique value for both clients and shareholders, that we have a significant long-term growth opportunity that is supported by clear long-term trends. And we think that that model and that opportunity, long-term focus will provide sustained growth and shareholder value for a long time to come. We think this quarter and the outlook for the year that we shared are just further confirmation of that long-term perspective. And so we look forward to talking to you again in August.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and thank you for standing by. My name is Lee Ray and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn this call over to your host, Mr. Edings Thibault. You may begin your conference.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Lee Ray. Thank you, everyone and good morning, and welcome to Broadridge's second quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of Broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Tim Gokey, our President and CEO; and our CFO, Jim Young. Before I turn the call over to Tim, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slide and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey. Tim?
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings; and good morning, everyone. Broadridge had a strong second quarter and is well positioned for the full year and beyond. I also want to share with you this morning my confidence in Broadridge’s future the message I have been delivering to our clients and associates since becoming CEO on January 2nd. Finally, I will close with a more detailed overview of our second quarter business highlights before handing it over to Jim to cover the financial results in detail. So let’s get started on Slide 4. Broadridge had a strong second quarter and is well positioned for the full year and for 2020. We recorded strong 7% growth in recurring revenue. We signed over $100 million in recurring sales, new Q2 record. It sets us up very well for the year. And as Jim will describe, we are confirming our full year guidance. As we discussed in our last call, event-driven revenues declined significantly relative to a spike in the second quarter of 2018 leading to quarterly EPS that is below last year, but more than 40% above 24 months ago. As Jim will discuss, we significantly increased growth investments in Q2 based on our confidence in the full year. A key takeaway today is we finished the quarter exactly in line with our expectations and we entered our second half where we typically earn 70% or more of our annual earnings fully on track to deliver double-digit EPS growth in line with our full year guidance. Those are the headlines. And now, before jumping into the business highlights, I want you our investors to hear the same message that I’ve been delivering to our clients and associates since I took my new role. So let’s turn to Slide 5. First, the works that Broadridge does is important and it matters. People need to save and invest for the future. Companies need to raise capital. Our largest public enterprises need to be governed. And investors need clear and transparent information to make decisions. Broadridge powers the critical infrastructure behind investing, governance, and communications, make our clients stronger and through them, we enable better financial lives for tens of millions across North America, and around the globe. Our more than 10,000 associates are power to that role and are highly engaged in delivering on it. Second, we have transformed progress over the past seven years. Broadridge has evolved from a trusted vendor of a few key services in term equally trusted S&P 500 innovative, technology and transformation partner, in governance, we have extended our digital capabilities to drive down the cost to communicate shareholders, saving fund companies alone more than $400 million a year. In capital markets, we’ve created the global post trade platform to future and are working with multiple leading tier-1 institutions to transform critical parts to their infrastructure. We have built or acquired new capabilities around data and analytics, advisors, tax and document management among others. And we’ve invested in people strengthening technology and other key roles across the enterprise. It’s especially meaningful to see our transformation being recognized by our clients and peers. Two weeks ago, Broadridge was named as Most Admired Financial Data Services Company by Fortune Magazine. To be rated by executives in our industry as the leader for what we do is a great honor. More than that, it’s a recognition of why our clients stay with us, want to buy more from us, and want to partner with us. Seven years ago we were barely on the list. To be never won is a testament to our trusted position and to our evolution as a critical industry partner. Next, that transformation gives Broadridge tremendous opportunities. A market for what we do across financial services is large and growing. Financial services players are moving rapidly to adopt new technologies and it follows our business the base-changing landscape. To do that, they are seeking to neutralize non-differentiated functions happen to more and better data and raise the specialness of their communication. Broadridge is a critical partner in helping them to achieve those goals which means that we are seeing significant opportunities to grow our business. And finally, to cash with that opportunity what was a near, medium and long-term, I am focused on three priorities. First, delivering on our 2019 guidance and our fiscal 2020 objectives embedded in the three year targets on our Investor Day 14 months ago. Second, executing at the multi-year growth plans we laid out for our governance in capital markets franchises and building our wealth business. And third, building on our longer-term capabilities, like culture, product and technology to support growth now and it will make us an even more critical industry partner in the future. Let me touch on each of these in a little more detail. I will start with delivering on our guidance for fiscal 2019 and objectives for 2020. As I said earlier, with six months on the book, we have good visibility and are very much on track to deliver on our full year guidance. By this point of the year, achieving our current revenue guidance is more about exiting against our revenue backlog and about winning new business. So our focus here is on client onboarding, and balancing our investments and earnings commitments. We are also very focused on 2020. We are in a strong position and driving access now across our business to ensure our success over the next 18 months. My second focus is on growth execution, specifically around the growth strategy across governance, capital markets and wealth management I laid out at our Investor Day. In governance, we are creating the next generation of regulatory communications to continue to drive down our clients cost while enabling them to strengthen governance and communicate more effectively with our shareholders. At the same time, we are growing data and analytics, our ability to serve leading corporate issuers in and around their annual meetings and the omni-channel communications capabilities of the future. In capital markets, we are continuing to help leading institutions simplify and improve their global technology and operational footprint. We are in implementation of multiple tier-1 institutions and have a strong sales pipeline for continued growth. We are also investing to deepen the value we provide by delivering more network value, integrating artificial intelligence to gain insights in the client transactions we process to enable our clients to improve their queries and grow their business. In wealth, we are building on a strong and growing $400 million business to again help our clients simplify and improve their front to back technology and operations. Our comprehensive set of individual solutions puts us in a strong position to do this and are engaging with UBS implement a single platform, looking applications across the front, middle, and back-offices is a game-changer for the market with positive reaction from others. I spoke to a gathering of UBS’s field leadership recently to share the industry-leading capabilities our platform will enable and their trait was very real. My third focus is on securing the future by building on the world-class capabilities that make us the right partner now and for the long-term. This starts with building on what it makes great. We will continue to build on a client-focused culture, embody them to the profit chain, engaged associates into our 97% revenue retention rate, which has been a key driver in our success. We will also build on our strong approach to capital stewardship with low capital intensity and strong free cash flow, managing our shareholders’ cash continues to be the key priority for me. We will continue with strong dividend, and there is meaningful opportunity to continue to drive growth and capabilities through tuck-in M&A. In addition, we will continue to evolve and strengthen our world-class technology and product capabilities to continue the transformation I described earlier. We recently completed a Gartner Benchmarking Exercise that showed us to be at the top of benchmark in almost every category and we intend to extend our leadership to deliver on being honoring up to new technologies for our clients across artificial intelligence, block chain, cloud and digital. Speaking of block chain, I want to congratulate our team for executing the first block chain proof-of-concept and proxy building in Japan last month. This great continues to highlight Broadridge’s commitment to driving innovation. So, living on our promises to shareholders today, executing against our growth strategy for tomorrow, and strengthening our products and technology capabilities for the long-term, that is my focus is that begin my tenure as CEO. That’s a full list, but the good news is, that our second quarter results offer a solid springboard as we take progress forward. Now let’s turn to Slide 6 for a quick review. One question I’ve gotten presently from our associates and from investors especially over the last two months. It’s about the impact of the decline in the market we have in our outlook. My answer is very little. Stock record growth changes much more slowly than trading activity. And so every seller there is a buyer and in our technology business, we improved the high proportion of our per-trade fees into fixed or semi-fixed fees since the financial crisis. Recent market volatility is only reinforced critical role we play in helping our clients’ debt to changing market conditions. Best evidence for that is our second quarter results, especially closed sales. New products closed sales in $106 million setting a record for the second quarter. Without the impact of the UBS field sales we are well ahead of second quarter of last year. A particular note that the sale of a global post rate management platform to a leading agent bank and another deal to move out customer engagement services for large North American banks. Even after our record second quarter, our pipeline remains full. So demand is strong as ever and we’ve seen no change resulted in market volatility over the past few months. Our Investor Communications segment delivered very strong recurring revenue growth. Excluding customer communication, recurring revenues rose 25% with most of that coming from organic growth. The biggest driver of growth came in mutual fund and ETF interest. Interim revenue growth rose close to 20%, the highest quarterly figure since 2006 powered by growth in capacity and model-based investment. Equity stock record growth rose 15%, albeit on a relatively small base of equity. We also saw strong growth in our data-driven process driven primarily by new client wins, and acquisitions. Remember that 80% of equity processing activities turns in the second half of our fiscal year. Looking ahead, we expect more moderate growth in both proxy and interim. ICS event-driven revenue was a healthy $48 million, but the benefit comes from smaller activity campaigns in fund proxy. The approximately 50 declined relative to last year was related to a period in which we benefited from a proxy campaign by the world’s largest fund manager as well as two large equity proxy content. The decline was very much in line with our expectations. Its usual revenues which carries low or in many cases no margins. Decline is driven primarily by lower event-driven activity and to a lesser extent a lower customer communications volume. The outlook for our GTO segment is strong, with its significant backlog, it has only grown higher with recent closed sales wins. In the quarter, recurring revenues rose 4%, down from 6% in the first quarter. Many of our recent sales wins in GTO are both bigger and more complex and the longer implementation time to bring us some of these new clients has created a modest low in our growth. Profitability declined here as we saw a significant investment we are making to build network value. Looking ahead, our revenue backlog is at record level and we are in active dialogue with clients around exciting opportunities. We anticipate strong revenue growth to exit the year and into fiscal 2020 as some of these larger wins come more fully online. These solid second quarter results is definitely the strong growth in our prime revenues and record closed sales gives me confidence in our ability to deliver on the 2019 guidance we set at the beginning of the year and are reiterating today. They also sets the stage for longer-term growth. Our goal is to generate total shareholder return equal to embedded in the top quartile of the S&P 500 and I am pleased to note that due to the underlying strengths of our business, we met that objective again in the twelve months ending in December. We also became an efficient member of the S&P 500 this past year, which is an important milestone for all of us. Let me stop there and turn the call over to Jim for a more detailed look at our financials and some additional insight on our outlook in the third and fourth quarters. Before I do so, I want to thank my more than 10,000 fellow associates all over the world for their hard work and dedication to our clients. Thank you for the important work that you do. Jim?
James Young: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Before reviewing our second quarter results, I'll make a few callouts. First, we had a strong second quarter. We notched record sales and strong recurring revenue growth and EPS, while lower than last year was aligned with our expectations, strong recurring revenue growth in Q2 was powered by exceptional position growth in our ICS business. Thanks to a company record second quarter, we posted record first half sales of $124 million, up 102% over the first six months of last year and still up nicely even without the UBS wealth plan. The pipeline remains strong. Second, profit growth. Second quarter adjusted EPS fell 29%. The decline was driven by the impact of lower event-driven revenue and higher SG&A spend, much of that driven by higher growth investments in what is a seasonally small quarter for our earnings, which brings me to my third callout, guidance. With the first half results in line with our expectations and approximately 70% of full year earnings to go, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2019 guidance. I will also detail our expectations for Q3 as we expect a significant shift in quarterly revenue and earnings for the fourth quarter to the third quarter as a result of the new revenue accounting standard. This is something we flagged in the past, but we are providing additional revenue and adjusted EPS guidance in order to help you understand both the top and bottom-line impact of the change. I’ll address each of these in more detail in my commentary. Before we turn to the slides, a quick reminder, all current period numbers or on an as-reported basis under ASC 606. Unless otherwise noted, all growth rates are calculated using prior year as reported under ASC 605. This is consistent with the approach we followed in the first quarter. In the appendix, we have provided a pro forma revenue view of fiscal 2018 under ASC 606 by quarter, by revenue type, and by segment to illustrate the impact as new standard would have had on FY 2018 revenues. The impact of this change would have been immaterial. So in summary, current year new GAAP, prior year, old GAAP. Let’s turn to Slide 7 for a quick review of our second quarter revenue drivers starting with total revenues and then recurring fee revenues. Total revenues declined 6% to $953 million in the second quarter as a result of the large decline in event-driven activity. Overall, the decline in event fees and associated distribution revenues accounted for approximately eight points of negative growth. Five points of total revenue growth declined directly from the almost $50 million drop in event fees and an additional three points in related distribution revenues. The balance of the distribution decline is lower distribution revenues in BRCC which carry no margin. As a reminder, unlike the more predictable seasonality of our recurring revenue base, event-driven activity does not re-occur on a predictable quarterly or annual cycle. Also, keep in mind, a $48 million in event fees in Q2 is a healthy level of event fees on a historical basis and consistent with our multi-year assumptions. While FX was slightly negative for the quarter, our full year forecast now assumes and were significant drag from the weaker Canadian dollar and British pounds. Let’s move down to the recurring fee revenues where you can see the component for the 7% growth in the second quarter. Organic recurring growth was 6%, up from 4% in the first quarter. Onboarding of new business for closed sales are shown here with the largest contributor. Internal growth contributed an additional three points as both the ICS and GTO segments continued to see strong position growth and trading activity respectively in the quarter. Overall, a strong recurring revenue results. Let’s jump ahead to Slide 9. Adjusted operating income declined $37 million or 27% and adjusted EPS fell 29%. The biggest driver of the decline was the fall in event-driven revenues and SG&A also impacted growth. I will discuss how each impacted our quarterly income and explain why they don’t have an impact on our full year margin and adjusted EPS outlook. Let’s turn to Slide 11 for this discussion. First, as I discussed earlier, the absolute decline of event-driven fee revenue plus associated distribution revenues more than offset the impact of healthy recurring fee revenue growth. That impact, plus a little bit of pressure from weaker FX led to a $59 million decline in total revenues. Second, as I discussed before, those event-driven revenues carry significant levels of incremental profitability as they leverage an existing cost infrastructure. Gross margin, which for us is total revenues less cost of revenue, as a ratio of total revenue ticked down a full 100 basis points from 24% to 23% in the second quarter reflecting the loss of that higher margin event revenue. Taking together, the impact of lower revenues and gross margin led to a $24 million decline in gross profit. Another significant factor in the second quarter was SG&A. Impact of the decline in gross profit was compounded by growth in SG&A, which we managed on an annual basis and it’s more fixed in nature. In the second quarter of 2019, SG&A grew 6% sequentially and 11% year-over-year. The increase reflected higher level of investment in our product and technology initiative and more investment in our sales organization. So net-net, the combination of lower gross profit, driven by event-driven revenues and higher SG&A from investments, resulted in a 27% decline in adjusted operating income in the quarter. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, these two pressures will ease significantly. Importantly, we are not laughing a $97 million event revenue quarter in the second half, so we did not expect the same level of contraction of event-driven fees in either the third or the fourth quarters. That means, we will see the positive impact of higher recurring revenues flow through the bottom-line when recurring fee revenues make-up a larger component of our total in the second half of the year. Further, we anticipate the rate of SG&A growth will moderate significantly over the second half of the year with full year growth in the range of 3% to 5% leaving us on track to deliver our target of 70 basis points of margin expansion for the year. As I noted earlier, much of the outside impact of the decline of event-driven revenues is driven by the seasonality of our business, specifically our proxy revenues. It illustrates this point, let’s turn to Slide 12 which shows our historical adjusted earnings contribution in the first and second quarters and the first half. This shows the four year average for fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2017 for first half earnings contribution was 26%. Last year was extraordinary with record event fees in the first half which resulted in 32% earnings in the first half. Now looking at FY 2019, and using the midpoint of our guidance, Q2 at 12% of earnings was in line with the historical average, but far below the unusual 19% a year ago. All in, the first half of FY 2019 was above our historical average, but well below the record first half a year ago. So what does this all mean? It means small first half quarters with big event activity movements and modest expense changes can result in big earnings percentage growth swings. It also means given the seasonality of our business, it is not overly matured over the full year. The first half result, 2% adjusted EPS growth is very consistent with our expectations and we are well positioned to deliver on double-digit earnings growth. I will round out the income statement for the quarter with a discussion of our tax rate. Our effective tax rate was 22%, down from 40% a year ago, but higher than our full year expectation of approximately 20%. The biggest driver of volatility relative to our full year expectation is the impact from the stock compensation excess tax benefit or ETB. After a healthy $7 million in Q1, ETB fell to less than $1 million in Q2. For the first half, ETB was $8 million, up from $3 million last year. For the full year, our forecasted tax rate excluding ETB remains 24%. Our forecast assumption for ETB remains $25 million which we expect will lower our full year effective tax rate to 20% noting that ETB is highly variable. This can all be seen on Slide 18 in the appendix. Before turning to the balance sheet, I’ll make a couple of callouts on the performance of our segments on Slide 13. The Investor Communications segment and beyond the event activity story, the big callout is the 10% recurring revenue growth, 25% excluding customer communications. There were a number of contributors to this strong growth. Mutual fund and ETF revenues grew 29% driven by 20% interim record growth. New sales win and a movement of approximately $4 million in revenues from event-driven to recurring. Equity proxy revenue was also up on an impressive 24% as stock record growth was up 15% and new business additions help fuel growth. Other ICS also chipped in with high organic growth from continued strength in the data and analytics business among others. So, all in, a very strong performance. As Tim noted for GTO, longer implementation times resulted in more moderate revenue growth of 4%. Equity trading volumes growing 16% continued to be a nice contributor. On the earnings side, increased investments in network value caused earnings to decline. Importantly, GTO continued to build its revenue backlog with a strong sales quarter and has lots of implementation activity underway. Now to the balance sheet and turning to Slide 14. Broadridge generated $153 million of free cash flow in the second quarter and $52 million in the first half of the year. Broadridge’s annual free cash flow generation is typically weighted to the second half of the year and I expect fiscal 2019 to follow the same pattern as we remain on track to hit our guidance range. Capital deployment. Total capital returned to shareholders was just over $200 million in the first half of the year including $101 million of share buybacks in the second quarter, as we saw the market sell-off as opportunity to accelerate our repurchase activity. In total, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at an average price of $104 per share. Broadridge’s current adjusted leverage of 1.7 times remains below our long-term target of 2.0 times which gives us the flexibility to pursue attractive tuck-in M&A opportunities and/or repurchase additional shares. Moving to Slide 15. As I noted, we closed the first six months of fiscal 2019 in line with our own forecast and we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2019 guidance. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 5% to 7% with total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%. Total revenue guidance assumes event-driven revenue fees down 10% to 20% for the year and incorporates current foreign rates for the Canadian dollar and the British pound. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16.5% which is 70 basis points higher than fiscal 2018. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be 9% to 13%. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $565 million to $615 million. Finally, we expect closed sales to be in the range of $185 million to $225 million. The change in accounting standard from ASC 605 to 606 impacts the timing of when we recognize recurring fee proxy revenues in the third and fourth quarters. Given that significant quarterly impact, we think it makes sense to provide some additional revenue, and adjusted EPS guidance in order to help you correctly capture both the anticipated revenue and profit impact this will have on our quarterly results for the second half. The context again is that, much of our annual equity proxies were solved in March and April. Under the previous ASC 605, we deferred revenue recognition 30 days from the distribution day which meant that proxies sent out in March were recorded in revenue in the fourth quarter. Under the new standard, those proxy fees along with our associated expenses will now be reported in March. This is meaningful, because so much proxy activity happens in March and April. So the new standard will shift a good chunk of that proxy revenue from the fourth quarter to the third quarter. This also makes forecasting each quarter precisely more challenging as distribution dates frequently move between months due to relatively small shifts in corporate calendars. By the time we hold our earnings call in May, we will have very good visibility into the Q3 and Q4 split. So with that introduction, let me review our guidance for the third quarter shown as Slide 16. We expect recurring revenue of $755 million to $780 million. Total revenue of $1.195 billion to $1.245 billion, and adjusted EPS of $1.40 to $1.56 per share. Another impact of the change it will cause our reported growth rates in Q3 and Q4 to be somewhat meaningless. To put our outlook in context, our third quarter recurring revenue guidance implies 18% to 22% growth relative to reported numbers and 3% to 6% growth for a like-for-like or pro forma basis. These comparisons are only helpful in measuring recurring revenue because the event activity is not seasonal, it is inherently volatile. So let me close by summing up with strong results, with record closed sales and strong recurring revenue growth, the decline in adjusted EPS was driven by the combination of significant decline in event-driven revenue in seasonally small quarter and increased investment. And we are on track to achieve our full year guidance fueled by continued recurring revenue growth and a very healthy sales pipeline. With that, we are going to open up the line for questions, Lee Ray.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. I appreciate all of the helpful callouts on the quarter especially the moving pieces within event-driven and distribution. Could you drill down a little bit more into the drivers of recurring revenue fee growth for the second half of fiscal 2019 and into FY 2020 both for ICS and GTO? Perhaps those also that might not be apparent to us, for example, we know you have a very large brokerage client onboarding equity and fixed income trade processing in the next six months. What’s the materiality of that? How can we think about that from a modeling perspective?
Tim Gokey: Sure Dave, it is Tim and then I will – I am going to say couple things and then hand it to Jim to give any additional color. So, we feel very good about our recurring fee revenue growth over the second half and into 2020. The – we certainly don’t expect the same level of stock record growth that we’ve seen in the first half of this year. We expect some moderation in that, obviously in the equity side, it was a very small quarter and as we look forward, we see that being in mid-single-digits. On the interim side, we see that being more in upper-single-digit. When we then look at the onboarding of new clients, we are taking on particularly on the GTO side, we have a great honor of taking on some larger, more complex, more transformational deals and I think that will create modestly additional lumpiness in terms of the way that new revenues come on in terms of the growth rate that we might see in any individual quarter. The significant deal that you mentioned related to an important tier-1 client of ours is on track and we would expect that to be coming online either at the very end of this year or sometime early in next year. That will be a nice positive for us. It’s not going to be something that is transformational and outside change in our growth rate. But I think it’s just an indication of the good head of team that we have. I think, just more broadly before hand it to Jim to give any additional color, we’ve talked about the $300 million revenue backlog that we have and that is something that really gives us confidence we’ve added to that as we have had the very strong closed sales this quarter. So that really gives us confidence about our ability to continue to drive our recurring revenue growth by bringing on these clients over the next 12 to 18 months and it really is a nice addition to being to have that revenue visibility going forward. With that, I am going to give it to Jim for any additional color.
James Young: And Tim, I think you covered it well. I would just maybe round out with event fees, obviously we continue to guide to 10% to 20% down for the full year which implies a much more moderate compare year-over-year for event fees. So I think that gives you good insight as how that plays out and as Tim said, the recurring revenues are really in track and when you look through the reported versus the pro forma, it’s a pretty smooth growth performance continuing on with incremental absolute additions to our recurring revenue from all of our new sales. So, continued on with bringing that backlog live.
David Togut: Great. And then, to the extent event-driven ends up being a little bit more volatile than you expect in the second half potentially to the downside, do you have some levers you can pull on the cost structure to protect earnings?
James Young: David, obviously you know, event is part of lives here. So, obviously, we planned for all eventualities that we can foresee. Usually the event we’ve got pretty good visibility for two to three months out and then some sort of good analytical insights into how things play out. Specifically, we enter every year with a commitment to try to deliver on our plan which for you means our guidance. So, we think through kind of all the puts and takes.
David Togut: Just finally, closed sales growth excluding the UBS booking in the second quarter?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Dave. Thanks for asking that question. Clearly, sales was very strong for the second quarter. And UBS, very landmark deal. It is the largest deal in Broadridge history, but sales increased nicely without the UBS deal and beyond the UBS deal, we feel great about important deals like the very significant EPTM deal with large agent bank, a large communications deal with a North American bank. So, we saw good sales. We have a strong pipeline and what we are really seeing is that the themes of neutralization are really resonating with our clients and it really for us reinforces the long-term growth opportunity.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And the next question comes from the line of Oscar Turner of SunTrust. Please ask your question.
Oscar Turner: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
James Young: Good morning, Oscar.
Oscar Turner: Good morning. So, first question is another on recurring fee growth. Based on the 3Q outlook, it seems like 2019’s recurring fee revenue growth is on track towards the lower-end of your 5% to 7% range for the year. Just wondering is that the right way to think about it or should we expect to see an acceleration in the 4Q 2019 based on either new GTO business or other tow-ins?
James Young: Oscar, obviously, we said it’s 6% recurring revenue growth today with reaffirming our guidance of 5% to 7%. So, I think you should take it straight as we are reaffirming our guidance of 5% to 7%. If you ask us our feeling at the mid-weight point, we feel awfully good when sort of the core driver of the business are going so well. As Tim mentioned, not only when you’ve got ICS clicking and then you’ve got the level of backlog and active implementation going on with GTO, you can’t help but feel confident and both this year and as we look out in the future years. So, very much in line more and more the same performance.
Oscar Turner: Okay. Thanks. And then, just on the incremental investment spend, so what - if you can parse out how much of that spend was related specific to the onboarding of new GTO clients as opposed to other technological initiatives?
Tim Gokey: Yes, after – look, the investment spend we feel very good about onboarding of clients doesn’t fall in that category, because that becomes capitalized as a doing until those go live. But when you look at the things that we are investing in, we are investing significantly in network value and in applying artificial intelligence to help our clients get more value from the work that we do for them and to improve liquidity in the fixed income market. We are investing across block chain, cloud, digital. All of those are investment areas in the first half and it’s related to more events than it is to GTO onboarding. And I am going to give it to Jim for some additional color.
James Young: And Oscar, just keeping Tim’s color was spot on and just to give the context. Remember, we are talking about we manage our SG&A and investments over a full year, not any one particular quarter. So, as we look at the full year and 3% to 5% SG&A growth, this is all normal course work for us although. As Tim pointed out, we really like the quality of the spend in this given case.
Oscar Turner: Okay. I appreciate that clarification. And last one, just on the wealth management platform. Any commentary on the progress there? And also do you have any commentary on discussions with other wirehouses?
James Young: Sure. Thank you for asking about that. I think the important thing for people to know is that we have a robust and healthy wealth management business today. It’s nearly a $400 million business with a lot of different solutions all of which have their own head of steam in terms of sales pipeline and client onboarding and all of those things. The vision goes forward is how to take those things and make them interoperate better and create the front to back platform in the future, which is what we are working together with UBS on. The early stages of that are right on track going very smoothly between our sales and UBS. It is a large and complex project and will come online for some time. But there has been strong industry interest in that and definitely other significant players, you look at the – really view the market for this as sort of the top 20 broker/dealers and the interest among that group has been gratifying. And so, we will have future discussions. But for the moment, we are focused on UBS and on the other portfolios of strong products we have today.
Oscar Turner: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Please ask your question.
Peter Heckmann: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to check in – can you just talk a little bit more about your bookings forecast for the full year, probably a little ahead of where you would normally be. I think, at the six months point, does that bookings number start to look potentially somewhat conservative? Or could you say that may perhaps the high end is maybe looking more likely at this point?
Tim Gokey: Thank you for asking that question. We are definitely in a very strong position relative to where we usually are at this time a year and that is very gratifying. We don’t typically comment on our guidance here until we have in sales until we sort of get there because, as you know, things can be lumpy and timing of things can be uncertain. That said, when we look at the pipeline of conversations that we have are in the midst of, and how those are going to progress through the year. We feel very, very good about this year that makes us feel good about next year as well. And it really again sort of reinforces for us how the themes of mutualization and helping our clients be transformed to new technologies are resonating so well and so we do feel we have a good head of momentum here.
Peter Heckmann: Great, great. And then, as regard to the print mail and fulfillment business, how do you look at and then as well, for postage, how much of a drag do you think the secular move to electronic from paper, how much drag do you think there is on that portion of the business? And then, what does that translate into in terms of the drag on total organic revenue growth?
Tim Gokey: Yes. Let me take the two questions in reverse order. So let’s start with the distribution and then come back to customer communication. So, as you know, distribution carries low or in many cases no margin and as we move paper to digital, the growth of that will slow and eventually strength leading to higher margins for Broadridge overall. And so, those are all the reasons that we always encourage people, I know, Pete, you know this. But we always encourage people to focus on recurring revenue or on total fees. And for this quarter, distribution shrinkage $48 million it definitely was a drag on our top-line. In this particular quarter, about two-thirds of that related to event and about one-third related to customer communication. Getting back and just talking about where we are on customer communications, when we took this on a little over 2.5 years ago, there were really three primary goals that we had. One was around achieving strong synergies and at this point, we have either implemented or have line of sight on synergies that are twice what our goal was. And while we – we like to be on the top-line with that business. It is – those synergies are driving nice earnings growth within that business. The second piece was around being the consolidation points for large in-house players as they began to lose volume. That is taking more time to materialize. We have good conversations that they haven’t materialized. What we are seeing is, stronger than we expected core sales of smaller deals. And we have a very nice revenue backlog to onboard in that business. At the same time, there is this large client that we talked about at the time of acquisition that is in the process of leaving us. They have taken longer than we have expected. But that continues to put top-line pressure on the business overall. And at some point, we reach the crossover and where the new sales outweigh the ongoing – that ongoing departure. And then, the third piece was around creating network value in digital that has emerged more slowly than we expected. We are not seeing any note that is ahead of us on that, but it is emerging more slowly. We do have some interesting early engagements that could be two points in terms of carrying things forward. So, all in all, we are seeing earnings growth, slower top-line than we expected, slower digital than we expected, but with some good underlying indicators in all three of those areas.
Peter Heckmann: Okay, okay. So, in the aggregate, we should see relatively more of the decline come from the distribution side and just a move away from print is, maybe keeps customer communications more – would you say flattish? Or you think it’s if you are able to win some of these new clients and that we drive some new opportunities, but you still have seen secular conversion to electronic where some of that stuff may just go away forever. Do you think that, based on what you are seeing in your book of business is that rate is 1% or 2% or 3% a year?
Tim Gokey: Yes, Pete. When we think about the opportunity there, there is no question that there is within the current client base there is going to be and we are going to work on people to drive a sort of a almost negative organic from a conversion to digital standpoint and see people moving out of the print into the digital which we are hoping to capture and create a nicely growing digital business. So that would be a headwind in the overall heat on the fee revenue side for that business and certainly on the distribution revenue side of that business. I think the question for us will be, what is the rate that we can bring on new clients, because there is a very strong value proposition for – when you look at the market opportunity, 75% of it is in-house players. And if they lose scale, they lose their per minute cost go up and we have the ability to bring those on to our platform which is at this point, the most scaled, the most technologically advanced platform in North America. Give the advantage to bring them on and give them benefit and help them manage that wind down on their side. So, we think this can be a modestly positive business. We would say, low to mid-single digits. And then, we are going add a nice conversion from print to more across to digital.
James Young: And Pete, Tim just mentioned all of that, just obviously, circle the years, all embedded in our full year guidance, always embedded in our multi-year numbers and sort of the way we think about the growth of the business. So, we anticipate all these dynamics and as Tim said, there is some chances for some nice contributions.
Peter Heckmann: Got it. Got it. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you so much. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Chris Donat: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Tim Gokey: Hey, Chris.
Chris Donat: Wanted to ask one question on – or a couple questions on the third quarter guidance. Just thinking about the total revenue number and those $50 million range there. Should we be thinking about, like the high and low-end is timing with the revenue recognition as the swing factor or is there are just a bunch of other swing factors in that number?
James Young: Pete, you got it exactly right. One of the things that’s new for us is exactly that is the split between Q3 and Q4 as I mentioned historically, all this March and April activity, it didn’t require positioned by the quarter because it all fell into the fourth quarter. Now we are going to have this split between the quarters and it historically moves between March and April in corporate calendar. So that’s exactly right. We want to make sure that as our first quarter sort of having to line that up and obviously we are not a quarterly guidance company in that respect. So we wanted to make sure we give ourselves some room for that. No impact on sort how we look at the second half or the full year. But obviously as we try to give you direction on Q3 which is much about trying to get you guys an appreciation for the shift of a lot of this recurring regulatory work falling into the third quarter. So, longwinded answer to your exactly phrased question.
Chris Donat: Okay.
Tim Gokey: And Chris, just to add on that, it’s – a lot of activity and it just and that happens that those days, right at the end of March are amongst our heaviest mailing days of the year. And so, a day here and there can make a difference. So that’s why we wanted to give such a wide range.
Chris Donat: Yes, I appreciate. Yes, we have actually looked to some of the SEC data and can sort of see that happen. And then, I guess, related to the third quarter guidance, because we can now back into your implied fourth quarter, since we got first half of the year, third quarter and full year, it looks like your implying EPS growth, like quarter-on-quarter in the fourth quarter of call it, 15% to 30% and when we look back at fiscal 2018, you grew 86% going third quarter to fourth quarter. Is sort of that, 15% to 30%, is that what you are thinking and making sure I am doing the math sort of right here?
James Young: Yes, we can follow-up on sort of the specifics. But remember, 2% year-to-date guiding to 9% to 13% for the second half squarely double-digit growth, clearly on a reported basis, heavy growth falling in the third quarter and less growth contribution obviously in the fourth quarter. So, I am going to work through any sort of true-up on that. But clearly calling for a nice double-digit earnings growth in the second half with a wide disparity in the growth numbers between Q3 and Q4.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you so much. And your next question comes from the line of Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Puneet Jain: Yes, hey. Thanks for taking my question. So, continue on margins, so your second half like – in the first half margins are down by about 100 basis points year-on-year and you obviously expect significant expansion in the second half. So, is second half expansion going to come mostly from somewhat easier comps and also, if can also comment on incremental margin drivers in the business model over the medium-term?
James Young: So, Puneet, this is Jim. Sorry, the second question first. We’ve obviously, that’s been a lot in this morning sort of talking about the event margins, which come in and out at very high margins with all the last year when we had EPS up 103% with event fees up 220% and then seeing inverse this quarter. But if you take that out, those are always going to be good and we think those are nice contributors over the long-term. But we think about our model, our regulatory communication business continues to be a really healthy margin business, and that's really drives our profitability for the full year, especially in the back half, we have both those regulatory communications listing margins. Obviously, on the GTO side, we continue to add clients at margins well above our both GTO segment average and our corporate average. But those contribute nicely and then obviously some of the newer products around data and analytics. For instance, come in at very high contribution margins, very accretive to the overall business. So, again, we continue t like the mix. We have obviously said for a long time that, we feel very comfortable with 50 basis points of margin expansion per year. We have more delivered on that over the last three years and certainly in the last six years, well above that. Obviously, we are calling for somewhere in the neighborhood of 70 basis points this year as it is often the case, we pick up a lot in the second half, just because that’s where you’ve got the bulk of the recurring revenues which is really, really where we make our money. So, at this stage, we feel really good about where we are in our margins and levers and I think, we’ve got a pretty good track record of delivering on that that margin expansion.
Tim Gokey: And, Puneet, I would just add to that, just model a 50, in this case, 50 or 70 basis points per year. That’s something that we do feel really good about between as Jim said, the business mix, I would say, there is a long-term driver there in terms of the mix of fee revenue versus distribution revenue, but even within fee revenue we have some nice ongoing mix. Operating leverage as we grow and just the ongoing organic efficiencies that we are always pursuing. So, the combination of those things, I think really gives us a lot of ability to continue to drive that increased margin for the long-term.
Puneet Jain: And can you also comment on your backlog? And how fast pipeline is converting into new signings?
Tim Gokey: Yes, thank you for that. The backlog, we go into that in detail once a year. When we last talked about it, it was just under $300 million with the success that we’ve had in sales that has grown since then. And the timing of the onboarding of that is really varies by product area, Puneet. There are certain simpler and sort of smaller products that onboards within – even within three months. There is a whole group of things that are six to twelve months. There are some longer and more complex projects that can be out as far as, as we’ve seen in some of the larger more transformation as we talked that can be as long as 24 to 30 months. So, it really is based on the product mix and I only think of it is as – there is certain percentage of that comes from the first year and then a big chunk in the second year and sort of almost all done in the third year when you look at the overall basket in terms of trying take our new sales and translate that into future revenues.
Puneet Jain: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And presenters, we have no further questions at this time. You may continue.
Tim Gokey: Okay, that concludes our questions of the day. I want to thank everyone for listening in today and for the call. We are really excited about the momentum this quarter that it shows for the things that matters and that will benefit our long-term investors and so, we thank you for listening today.
Operator: Thank you, presenters and thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co. Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tabitha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you, Mr. Thibault. Please go ahead.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Tabitha. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of Broadridge.com. Joining me on the call are Rich Daly, our CEO; Tim Gokey, our President and COO; and our CFO, Jim Young. Before I turn the call over to Rich, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slide and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings; and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide 4. Broadridge is off to a good start to fiscal year 2019. We reported solid first quarter results and announced an important deal to build a next-gen wealth platform with UBS. We have four items on our agenda this morning. First, I'll begin with some quick highlights of our first quarter 2019 results; then Tim will provide more information on the wealth management announcement and give you an overview of our operating results. Next Jim will review our financials and I will close with some parting words, including some thoughts on why I think the best is yet to come for Broadridge. There's lots to talk about, so let's get started. Broadridge reported solid first quarter results. Total revenues rose 5% to $973 million, propelled by recurring revenue growth of 5% and a 30% increase in event-driven revenues. Adjusted operating income rose 15% and margins grew by 110 basis points. Adjusted EPS, aided by a lower tax rate and a higher excess tax benefit from equity compensation, rose 46% to $0.79. We continue to see strong momentum in the marketplace. The sale to UBS that we announced last month to build a next-gen front-to-back wealth management technology platform is a significant step. At our Investor Day last year, Tim and the team highlighted the opportunity we saw in the wealth management market and this agreement is an important proof point that wealth management can be a strong franchise business for Broadridge alongside governance and capital markets. In addition the size and scope of this deal are more indications that Broadridge is increasingly recognized as a transformation agent by the largest financial services firms in the world. Lastly, we remain on track to deliver the full-year 2019 financial guidance. It's early, but I am pleased with how the beginning of the year has taken shape. Tim and his team are well-positioned and eager to take Broadridge into the future starting on January 2. So let me now turn the call over to Tim to share some of his thoughts about the UBS deal and to walk through the first quarter results.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Rich; and good morning, everybody. Between signing a major strategic deal and delivering solid first quarter results, Broadridge is off to a good start for the year. I'll begin my comments on slide 5 by discussing the UBS deal, because it's such an important milestone. I'd ask you to keep in mind three things as you think about the announcement that we will build a wealth management platform with UBS. First, this is a major milestone for the creation of a wealth management franchise at Broadridge. Second, the decision by UBS to partner with Broadridge as the anchor client on a next-generation technology platform for the wealth industry is a testament to Broadridge's status as the FinTech leader trusted by leading global financial services players to deliver enterprise-wide technology transformation. Third, this is just the beginning. The wealth management industry is undergoing significant changes, and we think Broadridge is especially well-positioned to help our clients adapt to meet those challenges. Now for the details. UBS is the anchor client for the new wealth management industry platform that we will build. The Broadridge Wealth Management platform will be a next-generation open solution that will enable UBS and others as they sign on to enhance advisor productivity, create a superior client experience and drive enterprise-level efficiencies by mutualizing investments in technology, innovation and security. The platform will bring together Broadridge's point capabilities across the front, middle and back office along with other best-in-class capabilities from both UBS and other third parties into a single platform. Broadridge's front-to-back solution will include a modernized advisor desktop as well as order management, advisory, full back office functionality and integrated workflow across the entire enterprise to accelerate client onboarding and other key service tasks. It will be fully open with a comprehensive, real-time data fabric that enables connectivity to UBS's and third-party applications. At our Investor Day last December, we said we thought we could build a third Broadridge franchise in wealth management. To do that, we knew we would have to transition from a suite of point solutions to an integrated product set across the wealth managers' front, middle and back offices. Our engagement with UBS is a major step toward that goal. Beyond the strategic benefits for Broadridge, the decision by UBS to partner with us to provide next-generation and mission-critical infrastructure is a powerful endorsement of our ability to deliver enterprise scale solutions for our clients. In the words of Tom Naratil, Co-President of UBS Global Wealth Management, "Broadridge is the only FinTech player (sic) [leader] with the proven technology, scale and experience to deliver such a transformational solution." That's a tremendous statement of confidence from an important client and key industry leader. It's also the direct result of the investment we have made in developing platform technologies in our capital markets franchise. The data fabric and other capabilities we have built developing a global post-trade management platform are now evolving to power our wealth solution. We made a strategic decision to invest in and develop new technology capabilities so that we could meet the needs of the largest financial services players. And that investment continues to pay dividends. Finally, while the deal with UBS is exciting, it is only one step in building a long-term growth engine for Broadridge in wealth management. We anticipate that to be a new development phase of the platform, which will give us time to reach out to other major wealth managers. The continued evolution of wealth management put pressure on the industry. And the Broadridge Wealth Management platform will present a compelling value proposition to firms that need to increase the capability and reduce the cost and complexity for their technology and operations. Now let's turn to slide 6 to review our first quarter operating results. Overall, I'm pleased with our results. We delivered solid recurring revenue growth across both our ICS and GTO segments. And we also benefited from strong mutual fund proxy activity. Most importantly, with one quarter in the books, we're on track to achieve our full-year guidance. I'll begin my review with Closed sales. Closed sales were $18 million in the first quarter, down from $23 million last year. Keep in mind that we reported an exceptionally strong fourth quarter sales number, with a meaningful part of that activity coming late in the quarter, which resulted in a fairly quiet start to the year. As always, the timing of major deals also plays a role in quarter-over-quarter comparison. With the signing of the UBS deal, which was not a first quarter event, we feel good about where we are year-to-date from a Closed sales perspective. Our Investor Communications segment continues to perform well. Excluding customer communications, ICS recurring fee revenues, rose 14%, of which the biggest contributor was mutual fund and ETF interims. We also continue to see strong demand for data and analytics products, with contributions from strong organic growth, as well as the acquisitions we made in FY 2018. Customer communications revenues, as expected, declined from FY 2018 levels. Event-driven revenues were a big part of the ICS results for the quarter. We saw one of the largest mutual fund complexes go out for proxy in the first quarter, which helped drive a significant growth in event-driven mutual fund proxy revenues. That major role (11:00) behind us, we do not expect to see a similar level of activity in the remainder of the year. Now, let's turn to our GTO segment, which reported another strong quarter. Our business continues to benefit of new client additions, as well as higher trading revenue and a growth of financial services revenues. Equity trading volumes across our platform increased by 19% and fixed income trades were up 4%, both of which contributed to our growth. The addition of new clients for our platform remains the biggest driver of GTO's growth and we're working through our healthy backlog to turn our recent sales performance into revenue. We continue to make progress in on-boarding several large clients and are making good against our delivery commitments. With our ability to build and deliver complex global technology platforms for leading financial services firms over the last few years that gave UBS the confidence to partner with Broadridge. So I'm very pleased to see the team executing against these commitments. Next, I wanted to provide an update on recent regulatory events. As you recall, in June, the SEC requested comments on whether to review the fees broker dealers and Broadridge on their behalf charge issuers to distribute critical mutual fund disclosures as well as comments on how to modernize the design and delivery of these disclosures. That comment period ended on October 31. Broadridge was pleased to share our data and comments, and we look forward to any next step the Commission decides is appropriate. For our part, we're confident in the value proposition that we provide for the industry. By investing in digital technologies, we've already reduced by 40%, the total unit cost to distribute these important regulatory communications to benefit shareholders, including paper, postage and fees over the past 10 years, creating more than $400 million annual savings for the industry in 2018. The total unit cost of these communications to beneficial mutual fund shareholders were delivered by Broadridge, including the regulated fees, it was 25% lower than the same communications to registered shareholders where fees are unregulated. Keep in mind, this includes significantly higher complexity that we and our broker clients incur for beneficial shareholders in integrating holdings data across funds, addressing managed accounts, and protecting the security of this highly sensitive account information. Going forward, continued growth of e-delivery, implementation of Rule 30e-3 and other new ideas like enhanced notices and summary reports can create hundreds of millions of additional annual industry savings. By applying the full scope of our digital capabilities, we can continue to raise the level of engagement for fund shareholders while simultaneously reducing their costs. It's exciting for us. And we think it's compelling for our clients, for funds, and for the Commission. There is also an SEC Roundtable event schedule for next week to discuss the full range of proxy-related topics. As a reminder, Roundtable brings together industry participants and can be helpful to source new ideas, but they are not part of any formal regulatory process. We are always eager to engage with the SEC and others on how Broadridge can use technology to decrease costs and increase retail shareholder engagement. So we're looking forward to presenting at the Roundtable to highlight how Broadridge and the brokerage industry have invested together and can continue to invest together to better engage and inform investors while driving down the cost of communications. So to sum up, Broadridge is off to a good start in 2019. The UBS deal is a major step forward in building a wealth management franchise and an important validation of the team's strategy to focus on that market segment. Broadridge reported solid first quarter results, with ICS continuing to benefit the strong underlying growth and GTO continuing to grow at a steady pace. We're on track to achieve our full-year financial guidance and on track to achieve a three-year financial objectives we laid out at our Investor Day last year. And finally, Broadridge continues to be well-positioned to drive growth for the long term. Before turning the call over to Jim for a review of our financials, I want to thank our more than 10,000 associates for their hard work and dedication to the service profit chain. I also want to take a moment more to thank Rich. Rich, you've been a tremendous leader for our entire company and a great friend and mentored me personally over the past eight years. Broadridge is in a strong position, with a great culture and an exciting future ahead of us. That is a direct result of your leadership and vision. So thank you for that, and thank you for agreeing to stay on in your new role as Executive Chairman. Now let's go to Jim.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim; and good morning, everyone. Before reviewing our first quarter results, I'll make a few call-outs. First, wealth: UBS win, when reported, will increase our backlog meaningfully. While the development work to standup this platform will be a use of cash beginning this fiscal year, we do not anticipate any revenue until 2021. Our growing backlog gives us good visibility into our medium- to longer-term revenue growth. Second, tax. Our strong operating performance was boosted by the double effect of the full benefit of a lower corporate tax rate from the Tax Act and higher excess tax benefit a year ago. These tax benefits account for approximately 30 points of our 46% adjusted EPS growth. Third, the new revenue recognition standard, or ASC 606, our first quarter results reflect the adoption of the new revenue accounting standard. The accounting impact on recurring fee revenue growth from ASC 606 was modestly negative in the first quarter. Overall, we expect the new standard to have an immaterial impact on the full-year revenue growth. The new standard will, however, impact the quarterly comparison, and we've provided some data today that should help you to quarterize your estimates. Fourth, a remainder about the volatility of event-driven fee revenue. A strong 30% growth in the first quarter's event-driven revenue includes a large mutual fund proxy that was anticipated in our guidance. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect a 40% to 50% decline in event-driven activity as we lapsed an exceptionally strong quarter in the prior year. Our full-year outlook for event-driven revenues remains unchanged as we continue to expect the 2019 event-driven revenues will be 10% to 20% below the record 2018 levels. Fifth and final, guidance. With this good start to the year, we reaffirm our fiscal year 2019 guidance. As we move to slide 7, let me expand a bit on the new accounting standards impacts on Broadridge's recurring fee and event revenue. First, we expect the full-year impact from this accounting change to be neutral to recurring fee revenue growth. Second, in the first quarter, there was a modestly negative impact, one point of growth from the new accounting standard on recurring revenue growth. In the second quarter, we expect a modestly positive impact. Third, the most significant impact will be in the third and fourth quarters when we expect a large amount of regulatory communications revenue to shift from the fourth quarter to the third quarter, a certain deferral conventions will no longer be applied under new standard. We've provided a pro forma revenue view of fiscal 2018 under ASC 606 by quarter, by revenue type and by segment to illustrate the expected impact of this new standard. You can find these pro forma views on pages 15 and 16 in the Appendix of this presentation. This may be particularly helpful in calibrating the quarterization of your estimates. Fourth, (sic) [sixth] (19:49) the new standard similarly impacts event revenue, but given the inherent volatility of event revenue, we don't believe it is helpful to assess event or total revenue growth, using the pro forma view. Now let's get to the revenue drivers, starting with total revenues. Total revenues grew 5% to $973 million, with growth across the board in recurring fee revenues, event-driven and distribution. Event-driven activity was very strong in the first quarter, rising 30% to $77 million with a large mutual fund proxy contributing to this growth. Recurring revenues grew 5% in the quarter. Organic revenue growth contributed 4 points to growth. Onboarding of new business or Closed sales, as shown here, was the largest contributor. An additional point of growth came from acquisitions made in our ICS segment in fiscal 2018. Finally, the impact from the new revenue recognition standard was negative one point, drove recurring revenue growth in the quarter. Turning to slide 8. Adjusted operating income rose 15% to $123 million in the first fiscal quarter of 2019. Growth was driven by higher organic recurring and event-driven fee revenues and the favorable margin profiles of trades and event revenue. This strong growth translated into 110 basis points in margin expansion to 12.6%. Adjusted EPS rose 46%, or $0.25, to $0.79 a share in the first quarter. Approximately, $0.09, or 17 points of growth, came from the strong growth in operating performance with the balance coming from a lower tax provision. Broadridge's effective tax rate fell to 14% in the first quarter from 33% last year. The lower tax provision was a result of two factors. First, the full benefit of the lower corporate tax rate from the Tax Act, which was not in effect a year ago. Excluding the ETB, our reported the tax rate was 22%. We continue to expect that our full-year tax rate, excluding ETB, will be 24%. And secondly, the impact of our higher ETB in the first quarter, the ETB was $7 million in the first quarter, up from $1.5 million a year ago. We continue to estimate that our full-year ETB will be $25 million, down from $41 million in 2018. Excluding the excess tax benefit, which can swing significantly from both the current period and the prior period, adjusted EPS growth was 40% in the first quarter as can be seen in the slide 14 in the Appendix. Turning to slide 9. I will now discuss the first quarter performance of ICS and GTO segments. Our ICS segment total revenues rose 5% to $766 million in the first quarter, driven by higher event-driven, recurring fee, and to a lesser extent, distribution revenues. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 4% to $347 million, which included 2 points from acquisition made in fiscal 2018. Event-driven revenues rose $18 million to $77 million. Event-driven strength helped to drive a nice pickup in the ICS segment margins. ICS earnings before taxes rose 29% to $59 million, mainly from the elevated levels of event-driven activity. The GTO business continued to perform well. GTO recurring revenues rose 6% organically to $228 million. The largest contributor to organic growth was internal growth with robust equity trading volumes. Also, new revenue additions from sales maintained a healthy pace as Broadridge continues to extend the reach of its capital markets franchise. Moving to slide 10. Free cash flow is seasonally negative in the first quarter. And that was again the case in fiscal 2019. Broadridge generated free cash flow of negative $111 million in the first quarter. In the quarter, Broadridge invested $16 million in capital expenditures and returned $42 million to shareholders in the form of the quarterly dividend. We did not undertake any share repurchase activity in the first quarter. Let's turn to guidance on page 11. Our fiscal year 2019 guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 5% to 7%, and total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16.5%, up about 60 basis points from fiscal 2018. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be 9% to 13%. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $565 million to $615 million. We expect Closed sales to be in the range of $185 million to $225 million, which we expect will include the UBS Wealth sale announced in October. Finally, as you think about Q2, please note that we expect event revenues to be down sequentially and year-over-year. And accordingly, we expect that earnings will be down significantly both sequentially and year-over-year. So to sum up, we're off to a good start to fiscal 2019 and remain on track to deliver our full-year guidance. And importantly, we're also on track to meet our current set of three-year objectives, which conclude in 2020. As I hand the call back to Rich for the last time, I too want to express my thanks to Rich. Rich, I will be forever grateful for your leadership, your partnership and your mentorship. It has been an absolute privilege.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. This is my 47th and last earnings call as CEO of Broadridge. I'm delighted that Tim has encouraged me to stay on as Executive Chairman. In my new role, I will manage the board and work with Tim on specific issues for which I have a true passion, including digital adoption and working to engage retail investors. My new activities will, in many ways, take me back to my entrepreneurial roots when I focused less on the day-to-day management of the company and more on value propositions to evolve the governance marketplace, to create opportunities for our business, and to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the process for brokers, issuers, funds and regulators. I strongly believe, both as an associate and a shareholder that the best is yet to come for Broadridge. The truth is that I'm more excited about the future of our company today than when I sat down in my extra bedroom 30-odd years ago to write the first business plan for our communications business. The opportunities for what Broadridge does today are bigger than ever. My confidence is driven in part by the near-term growth path I see ahead, much of which is already in our revenue backlog. As CEO, my confidence also comes as I look further ahead, where I see clear and tangible growth opportunities for Broadridge in governance, capital markets and now wealth management. We have the right strategy, the right products, and the right investments to ensure that we can deliver value to our clients today, more value tomorrow, and even more value in five years. We also have Tim Gokey, the right next CEO and a strong and deep management team to lead our company to that next level of growth. There is another less tangible reason why I think Broadridge is well-positioned for the future. One of the great lessons of my career is the importance of corporate culture to our success as a company, especially over the long term. Never underestimate the power of engaged associates. At Broadridge, the core of our culture is the service profit chain through which highly engaged associates deliver superior service, generate strong business performance and create shareholder value. It takes engaged, dedicated and knowledgeable associates to serve clients well and to create real and sustainable competitive advantage and value. Broadridge understands this, and we are committed to a culture of service and performance. We strive to be an employer of choice and are passionate about creating an environment in which every associate can drive, build their knowledge and skills and be rewarded for doing so. We do this in a way that puts the client first. We view every client as a 100-year client, and client satisfaction is the common metric against which every one of our more than 10,000 associates is compensated. That focus on delivering value is recognized by our clients. It is no coincidence that we are consistently rated as a top provider, which, in turn, creates greater loyalty and willingness to do more business with Broadridge. So the next time you think about the importance of a 97%-plus retention rate, or you consider what growth rate to put in your model, remember that beneath those numbers lies a collective focus on serving our clients by our associates. I know Tim shares my passion for this subject, which is a key reason why he is such a strong leader. Another factor driving my optimism about Broadridge is more tangible. And that is the consistent focus we have made on investment. One of my great satisfactions as CEO has been the increase in Broadridge's level of investment in products and people over the last few years. I have seen all too often the negative impact that comes from placing too big a focus on maximizing short-term results; not at Broadridge. We have invested in our people to strengthen and deepen our management team and improve our employee benefits. We have invested in our products as well as we have built our capital markets franchise and broadened the suite of services we offer to our governance clients. Our investments in global post-trade management platform in extending our data services and enhance content for regulatory reporting in digital and identifying unique network opportunities in areas like fixed income have clearly positioned us in our clients' minds as an important and long-term player who they can rely on. Some of our investments are expected to have a rapid payback period. Others like blockchain are longer term. Not all of our investments will be successful, but all are important. They will drive the innovation and capabilities that will fuel our future growth and they are a clear signal to our clients that Broadridge will stand behind its solution and continue to adapt and evolve to meet their critical needs going forward. Our focus on building a strong and client-focused culture and our capacity to invest shareholder money today against future growth, along with our strategy and a deep management team, as well as our track record of execution, we've been more optimistic than ever about Broadridge's growth prospects. I am looking forward to watching Tim and the team deliver on that opportunity. As always, I want to thank our associates for the work they do. As I said earlier, it is important and the critical factor in our success. I also want to thank all of you on the call today. When I became CEO, many people told me that dealing with analysts and investors would be among the most frustrating parts of my job. To the contrary, I found it to be one of the most engaging. Working with the Street has made me a better manager and helped me sharpen my points of view on Broadridge's value proposition. On a personal level, I enjoyed my interactions with analysts and investors over the past decade plus. So thank you. The work you do is important for us and for our shareholders. With that, let's open the call up to your questions. Tabitha?
Operator: First question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning, and congratulations, Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Jim, you indicated that revenue and earnings would be down sequentially in the December quarter. Now that event-driven is actually expected to decline sequentially, could you help us dimension this? Clearly, event-driven was much better than expected in the September quarter. How should we be thinking about the December quarter in terms of revenue and earnings impact?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, event-driven, Dave, it's going to be down off of an awfully big Q2 of last year. That'll certainly put pressure on total revenues for the quarter. We would expect those to contract somewhat off of last year's results. And then that, in turn, will drive the contraction both sequentially and year-over-year in earnings.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Do you want to mention that at all?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Dave, down over last year, obviously, we're much more – or in terms of our (34:58) full-year guidance just given the volatility in event, I want to make sure you are aware of that. But you can think of revenues down in the single-digit to low-double-digit growth rates.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And just a quick follow-up, where do you stand with the on-boarding of the largest equity and fixed income trade processing client that you've signed?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Dave. It is Tim Gokey. That project is continuing to proceed very well. It has a number of phases. It will not affect revenue this year. It will begin to affect revenue next year.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, Dave, that's part of that confidence I talk about, about that revenue backlog as we look forward to the future and yet have all these great investments that are continuing to generate new activities.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right, guys. Thanks. Rich, I'll say the same. We're going to miss having you on these calls, but thanks for everything. Guys, let me just start off. When I look at the overall growth profile and we back out the event-driven, obviously, higher trading levels and activities is still contributing a lot. First of all, can you give us some color on your thoughts on that first in terms of the position growth potential and then sustainability around that and what you're seeing in the market and what you expect. And then, secondly, if we were to just look at the recurring revenue side, either segment, was there anything that surprising you to the upside or downside in terms of the growth rates of either one of them. It looks like they're more or less in line with what you have guided. But I'd be curious to hear if there's any puts and takes or positives and negatives on each.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Darrin, this is Jim. What was that? Can you just repeat that last part? The last part of your question?
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Just if you look at pure recurring revenue, putting aside the event-driven revenue, which obviously had a massive swing. Just purely event – recurring revenue rather than 4% growth in the ICS, was there anything around that in particular that would have – that surprised you either direction?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, as you said, I would say the recurring revenue growth, I think the call-outs are one for us. We're very focused on that sales additions number. And when you get seven points of growth coming from sales, that's right in the ZIP Code, where we want to be. So that's very much in line as we continue to do that sales. We continue to think on an absolute basis our revenue additions will grow throughout the year. That's the model of the backlog that Rich was just referring to. So that's very much in line. Really no call-out on losses. It's been pretty steady especially with the communications business impact on that number. As you get to – as you can see, there were ins and outs between the two segments where you had strong internal growth coming from the GTO side largely trade-driven offset by some communications-related volumes in ICS. Now it's early in the year, but obviously, we'd like to see continued high-single-digit growth in the interim stock record growth. 14% equity stock record growth is great. But it's the first quarter, it's a tiny quarter, but I'll take that over the alternative. So we're comfortable there. So as we look at this, internal growth is always going to have puts and takes. And so we've always thought long term, a neutral to one point type of contribution is healthy. So we're right on track for that type of contribution this year. As always, it's going to come down to our ability to onboard sales throughout the year in increasingly bigger numbers.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Let me just follow up. On the UBS side, again, a very large and incremental win from a bookings standpoint. I guess, I'm just curious if you can give us a little bit more color on what this is that you're really going to be able to – like how are you going to build around this. What's the potential for using this as the base client you mentioned and then adding incremental clients to it over time. I know you've talked a lot about wealth as an opportunity for a long time now. I'm just curious what this does to change that if anything?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Darrin. It is Tim Gokey. And as you know, we think the opportunity in wealth is that the industry is changing quite a bit. It is creating a lot of needs for the brokerage industry, particularly the top 25 broker dealers. And there's no real skill technology player serving to wealth industry. And so as people think about evolving their technology, you're in a position of either having to build it yourself or of buying a bunch of point solutions and having to integrate those together and keep them in synchrony with each other and make them work and that is very extensive. So we think the opportunity over time to build an ecosystem – and not everyone is going to want to do a transformation the way UBS is. But to build an ecosystem over time, we can buy a part. But the more you buy, the better it is, because it all works together already, it is already integrated. As we talk to people in the industry about that value proposition, we get very, very positive feedback.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So with this UBS announcement, obviously, we've had a lot of interest. In terms of transformational conversations, those conversations are long and the timing is difficult. But the real benefit is that with this investment, we'll be able to bring all of our different solutions closer together, so they interoperate and it actually helps sales across our entire suite.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Just last quick one, and I'll turn it back to the queue. But, Jim, the customer communication side, are you still on track for – after those couple of clients go their way and you anniversary that to be able to grow that business in the low-single-digits again or?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, Darrin, we talked about our expectation for this year contraction again for that business. We remain optimistic about our ability to sell our way into growth as we burn off some of these losses, the market opportunity remains large. But as we think back to our goals in terms of achieving synergies, we've done that and are going to exceed that. And then, that second pillar that we're really tackling is winning larger in-house deals. And that's still in progress although we've been meeting our sales plans out of the gate. So the goal is to convert that and then similarly we think we can get this back to a point of low-single-digit growth with the longer-term goal of really making this a strong digital play.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's great to hear, guys. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Davidson.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just following up on UBS, real important anchor client. In terms of talking about the total investments there, have you quantified that number? And do you anticipate partnering with anyone? I know you have a number of point solutions right now. But in terms of areas like portfolio reporting, rebalancing, are you really looking to build your own or rely on some partnerships?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Pete. This is Tim Gokey. We have definitely quantified the investment in extreme detail, and it was definitely a lot of the work that we have done with UBS to get to this point. I think because it is a multiyear build and because we are partnering with them, I don't think you will see really measurable or a significant impacts on our cash flows as a result of this. It is a significant investment, but it's something that I think you'll see absorbed sort of within the business more broadly. In terms of the different components and which things are building versus leveraging, I do think that with the advanced technology, the ability to have an open API-driven architecture allows people to really have the best of all world. So we are definitely going to be supplying some of the core components and container and data fabric. UBS is going to be building some components and will be integrating third-party components. And I think that creates a future for wealth managers where they can really assemble a suite of things that interoperate because the integration framework has provided itself. That's something that we're very excited about. We think we played very well.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pete, this is Rich. This goes to my comments and I specifically put in my script about I feel arguably best about the long-term way we've run this business and our focus on investing in the future. So a lot of what Tim is talking about is under his leadership things that we've been doing already. And so this platform that Tim and the team have presented and will execute against for UBS is so dramatically different than the company we started with over a decade ago and the offering we started with over a decade ago. And a good part of what we're doing to get here, we together with our shareholders have had in our run rate to create a company this strong with opportunities going forward this strong across all of Broadridge.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: That's great. That's great. Thanks. And then, just a follow-up on – can you just maybe outline and maybe there's not enough precedent to totally outline the timeline for the SEC review, the twin reviews of mutual fund fees and the overall proxy process. And how long do you think that will take to play out? And then, is there a way to quantify the range of outcomes between cuts in fees in existing services, new services with new fees, potential introduction of partnerships. Is there any way to quantify the range of outcomes from the SEC review?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Pete, it's Tim Gokey. So when we went through this just to talk about the range of what the timeline looks like. When we went through this previously, the topic opened before 2010, when I arrived here and when I arrived here in 2010, it was in full swing. The Proxy Fee Advisory Committee that was appointed by the New York Stock Exchange did the work over a few years then went back to the SEC. The final rules came in place in January 2014. So that was a four-year process in that case. So these processes can go on. In this case, the SEC is looking for comment, whether they should even initiate a process. So we don't know whether there will be a process or not. So that is a part of what the discussion was. And when you look at the timeline around 30e-3, that was also a three- to four-year process. So these things do tend to go on. In terms of quantification of the impact – and this is in our letter to the SEC that the total fee for the portion that they have asked for comment on that we invoiced last year was the $150 million. So there could be some up or down on that $150 million, you can put your own percentages on that. I will note that with the implementation of 30e-3, we are expecting to see additional fees as we help the industry with a new notice fee. So I think, again, for us, the real goal here is to continue to apply digitization and to apply technology to improve the investor experience and to reduce costs for the industry overall. And it's interesting, because we can see very clearly before us, probably the next $500 million of opportunity in annual savings for the industry, which is more than three times the fees that are being generated today. So we think that power of continuing to take cost out across the entire ecosystem really demonstrates the value that we can create as a central player here.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Pete. If you go back, for guys like you who were with us from the very beginning, joining the roadshow when we spun, we had the potential rollout notice and access for proxy. And lots of people were saying, oh, gee, that's going to erode the value of Broadridge and what does that mean for the future. I was very confident then in saying that the opportunity to apply technology was going to make this process better for all involved. All right? I had no expectation that the evolution we went through would be as strong as this. So let's put things in context. Back then, as Tim pointed out, our value proposition today is very strong. But back then, cost to service a Street investor was because all the additional work that needed to take place on the Street side and related fees was higher than the corresponding cost to service a registered account, which would be a static list for the company. Now let's forward to where we are today. The Street investors whether it be for equities or for funds, the cost to service the communication to them is dramatically lower. I think Tim pointed out earlier, 25%, right? So it's a pretty nice place to be, all right? To be going (49:22) my analogy is as follows: Think about going into a budget meeting, call it the biggest one in the world for the country, okay, where we went from trillions in deficit to trillions in surplus. That's what Broadridge has achieved in this process over the last decade. We went from being more expensive with true recognition that it was more complicated, but that technology mattered and we could probably drive cost out. We've driven cost out to the point where it is dramatically cheaper and will continue to be dramatically cheaper than the people who are paying the bills are achieving on the cost of servicing their own accounts. This is one heck of a position of strength, all right? The real opportunity and the thing that I'm excited to be doing as we go forward, let's now move this to the next phase of the dialogue of how do we make investors more knowledgeable, more engaged, participate more in governance, okay? And as Tim pointed out, we're going to do that all at a lower cost still. So we're really looking forward to whether it be roundtables or these dialogues, all right? And this isn't new for us. We're proud of what we've done. But the investments I talked about earlier position us, okay, as Tim showed, to take this to the next level of cost savings. But, as importantly to someone like Jay Clayton and his goals for retail engagement, we can lower the cost and raise the engagement levels with technology as we go forward. And let me be clear. We are the only ones I see with the level of technology that we're rolling out right now despite some hearsay from other people.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Oscar Turner with SunTrust.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Oscar.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So another question – follow-up question on wealth management. I was wondering at a high level, can you provide any color into what kind of long-term revenue opportunity this wealth management partnership represents? And how do you think about this new platform as a revenue opportunity relative to the size of your wealth management business today?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Oscar. This is Tim Gokey. We dimensioned our overall wealth management business when we spoke at our Investor Day last year on the order of $400 million. And this opportunity is definitely relevant in the context of that. We don't comment on individual contracts. And so I can't give a specific number, but it is definitely a relevant number. I think what is more relevant is how it sets the stage for other transformational opportunities like this and for increasing the sales of our overall wealth management suite by bringing things more together. Wealth management has been one of our faster growing areas over the past few years. We've had that revenue growth. And that has been definitely in the above overall Broadridge and – in the low-double-digits. So we feel good about our ability to grow this overall part of our business, and when we're at our next Investor Day to be talking about the progress that we've made there.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And second question is just on the Other ICS segment within ICS. Can you provide any color on the organic growth in that sub-segment this quarter and then also color into what drove that strength? Seems to be – continuing to be additive to growth and not really reliant – or not as reliant on trading levels as some of your other segments.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Oscar, this is Jim. Remember, in that Other area, you've got a lot of our data and analytics business that Tim talked about, that's been driving the lion's share of the growth and the organic piece of that. There obviously are some inorganic pieces in there. That's where we've added some additional data and analytics businesses last year as well as some investments in the issuer space, which has added growth to that area. But if you look at the organic piece of that, it really is a data and analytics story, which is terrific. That's been an area of real investment for us. So that's the source.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I'll just – I will add on to that, which is we are very excited about the data and analytics business that we're building, largely serving the fund industry, but really serving asset management more broadly, there's a whole opportunity out there. Because today the data that asset managers need to manage their overall business in terms of sales and product management, they have to stitch together different pieces from institutional channels, from retail channels, from North America, from the rest of the world. And the vision (54:58) leader that has is to really create that a universal dataset that covers all of those and really save large institutions a lot of cost. So I'm trying to stitch different pieces together. So we think that's a vision with a lot of (55:14) over time.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to ask one more on UBS – for Tim. Just in terms of thinking about how the milestones look going forward like how we can track success, should we be thinking about looking for things like new partners joining the platform like other banks and brokers or completed pieces of it, or expansion outside the United States. Just what sort of qualitative things should we expect as indicators of success?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Chris, that's a great question. Thank you very much for asking. I think always in a long-term project of this nature, having those interim markers is important, having those that are externally available is more challenging. I think this is something we will definitely keep you up-to-date on as we go through in terms of our progress. And in terms of new partners, that is on the nature of what I mentioned in terms of the other people looking for a transformational approach and those conversations are always long, and in fact, the timing is always hard. Certainly, if we were to announce an additional partner that would definitely be a very positive indicator. But if we don't announce one before this goes live, I wouldn't take that as an indication that we're not having the success we want to because of what I said before about the increase we expect in the sales of our individual point solutions that's becoming of late (57:11).
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's helpful. And then, for Jim, just in terms of the guidance that you gave in August for Closed sales, at that point when you gave it, did that incorporate UBS being signed? Or was that something that was just in a broader mix?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Chris, this is Jim. Just a brief comment and Tim can add on, which is clearly UBS didn't sneak up us. So we had contemplated this type of deal in the year, but you always got to look at large deals that move or change shape or the like. So all that we take into account as we think about the full year, but obviously starting a year with this type of opportunity gives us better visibility, but we're still a long ways to go.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Chris, it's Tim. Just adding on to that, just as Jim says, given the timing of these things, I mean you think it's close, and then it takes an additional entire year. So you always do have to have some sort of discount factor in there even when you think you're very close. What we do know is we feel very good about our overall pipeline for the remainder of the year. We never really address sales guidance until it happens. So we're not making any comments about that. But we feel solid about the year and this certainly increases our confidence.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then, just wanted to give my best wishes for Rich on the next phase here, but to also point out that now, Rich, you've set the bar kind of lower for us analysts, it's been frustrating for Tim. We came in below but...
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I meant what I said, Chris. I really enjoyed the interface. And look, we have and will continue to have great transparency. We respect what you guys do and I thought it was terrific. So thank you.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: All right. Take care, Jim. Or Jim and Tim, especially.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning and congratulations, Rich. Maybe a question on the SEC comments that were filed. The ICI is proposing that the SEC allow funds to hire the vendors that fill their regulatory communications instead of the current infrastructure where the higher decision is up to the broker dealers. Is that even a feasible alternative to the current infrastructure?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Patrick. It's Tim. Thank you very much for asking that question. And before I answer that, one thing I do want to say is that we are pleased that there are some important areas of agreement between us and ICI in your letter. We both agree in the value to investors of summary content and how that can lead to a higher level of engagement. And that's an important shared view. And we were pleased that they recognized although it wasn't until deep in the report, but they recognized in their report that the total unit cost is lower on the beneficial side. And so we're pleased with that. We were – I think we were a bit surprised with their proposed approach and we were surprised that they really chose to take on their broker dealer distribution partners so absolutely strongly. I'll hit both of those. So in terms of the approach of not having a central distribution party, something like this was proposed by The Stock Transfer Association in 2010 at the beginning of the last process. And the Processes Advisory Committee looked at that in some detail and really determined that it was not workable and that it would be disruptive for the industry, and so really recommended going into different direction. I think the other surprise was that ICI is sort of taking on their broker distribution partner – broker dealer distribution partners by first of all suggesting that they share their entire client list with the funds. That when they give those client list over to funds and the mailing houses that the brokers remain responsible for the cyber risk and that the brokers would no longer be reimbursed for substantial cost that they incur on the funds behalf. So that was, in fact, surprising to us. We don't think that's workable. But irrespective, our approach is to really look forward to work for our fund clients, our broker clients, mission to move things more positively. And as we said, we believe through technology we can increase investor engagement. We can build on the 40% savings that we've already created in the past 10 years and we see savings for the industry – annual savings of another $500 million, which is more than 3 times the total fees today.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks, Tim. And then, from my follow-up, I guess, I should also ask a question about UBS. Was that when an open and competitive RFP process?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yes, Patrick. It was a very extended process with ourselves and a number of others. Some others that are in our industry, some other technology firms that are not in the industry today. And UBS really looked at very extensively – and I think this is one of the things that really pleases us is that after an extensive process they looked at really everything that is out there and everything that's available. After that extensive process, they chose to partner with us. We thought that was a very strong endorsement of our track record, our capabilities and our strategy.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. And I'm not going to ask about UBS now. So on Closed sales, are you seeing any impact from the recent stock market weakness and overall uncertainty on pipeline and business specifically in the GTO business there?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Puneet, hi. It's Tim. Thank you for asking. No, we really are not seeing any impact from the volatility in the market. I think that obviously is helping our internal growth in terms of increased trading activity. But, in terms of the conversations that we are having with our clients and our prospects, they continue to see the need for ongoing transformation for mutualization. And so our conversations remain really very strong.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then, on slide 15 of the deck, it seems like overall accounting adjustment was $59 million. Understand recurring adjustment was about a point of headwind. But is it fair to say much of the remaining was related to earlier recognition of Vanguard proxy last year?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I would just comment – I think you're right to call out that is event-driven. And remember, we had a convention where we would recognize the revenue about 30 days after we had mailed it. And so that's what you're seeing is the change and that assumption would have been recognized more immediately. And it can be equity or mutual fund proxy where that takes effect, which is why I said, I don't think it's really all that valuable to do this comparison. Because depending on the month, a proxy event falls can change this. There's no seasonality – underlying seasonality to our event business. So that's what you're seeing. That's why we've chosen to focus on the recurring fee driver impact just because the event there's really little to be learned from that.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And let me quickly ask there. So for the full year, you do not expect much revenue impact, margin and EPS impact will also be minimal, then?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Correct. All very minimal. You can even see that in last year's – at least from a revenue standpoint, pretty modest all in. And we expect immaterial for the full year on revenue and earnings.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you. And congrats on new roles, Rich and Tim.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Puneet.
Operator: And at this time, there are no questions. I'll turn the call back over to Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. I told Edings today, I got the last word. I want to again thank everyone. It's really been a privilege for me, and also static that I get to be part of the organization going forward, whether it be as Chairman or in an Executive capacity to work with and assisting Tim. The potential for Broadridge to transform our industry is greater today than it's ever been before. The opportunities in retail engagements that come from roundtables, the opportunities that will have on governance going forward, and capital markets where we continue to grow and the importance of what we do every day and now on wealth really, really of tangible proof points that the best is yet to come for Broadridge. Again, thank you and chose to have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes this conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co. Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tom and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will turn the call over now to Mr. Thibault. Sir, you may begin your conference.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Broadridge's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Our earnings release, earnings supplement and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our CEO; Tim Gokey, our President and COO; and our CFO, Jim Young. Before I turn the call over to Rich, a few standard reminders. We will be making forward-looking statements on today's call regarding Broadridge that involve risks. The summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides and a more complete description on our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP measures, which we believe provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on slide 5. Broadridge capped a strong fiscal year 2018 with a strong fourth quarter. We enter fiscal 2019 with positive momentum and are well-positioned for future growth. As is typical for our year-end call, we have a full agenda. I will begin with a quick overview of our 2018 financial results. I will also share my thoughts on the momentum we are seeing in the market, why I think we are so well positioned to keep that momentum going, and then I'll review our key guidance points for fiscal 2019. Tim will provide a strategy update and discuss the performance of our two segments. Then, Jim will review our financials and give some color on 2019 guidance. As always, I will close with some final thoughts including why I am more confident than ever about Broadridge. Broadridge had a very strong fiscal year 2018. Total revenues rose 5% to $4.3 billion, driven by recurring fee revenue growth of 6% and 30% growth in event-driven revenues. Adjusted operating income rose 10% and margins grew by 80 basis points. Our earnings also benefited from lower taxes, which further contributed to a 34% increase in adjusted EPS. We achieved all of this while increasing investment with a focus on new products and technologies. I am confident these investments will drive long-term growth and shareholder value. Now, let's talk about capital allocation. Balanced capital allocation is a Broadridge hallmark and 2018 was no exception. We invested $250 million of your money in a combination of M&A and capital expenditures. We did six tuck-in acquisitions to strengthen our data capabilities and expanded the range of services we offer to funds and corporate issuers. We also upgraded our GTO center of operations. Broadridge's commitment to a strong dividend sets us apart from our peers. So I'm proud to announce that the board approved a 33% increase in our annual dividend to $1.94 per share. We have now raised our dividend every year since becoming a public company and 2018 marked the seventh consecutive double-digit increase. And now for my favorite topic, record Closed sales. We reported record Closed sales of $215 million, up 14%, including $115 million in the fourth quarter. What's exciting to me is the breadth and quality of our sales results. As Tim will discuss, we signed major sales to wealth management clients, international clients, investment managers and broker-dealers for government services, customer communications, trade processing and other services. It really was a case of Broadridge firing on all cylinders. Our pipeline remains very strong. We continue to be in discussions with clients about potentially transformative transactions for back-office technology solutions and communication solutions. The momentum we saw in fiscal 2018 is not showing any sign of slowing down. So speaking of momentum, let's turn the page on fiscal year 2018 and look ahead by turning to slide 6. I said at the outset of my remarks that I am more optimistic than ever about Broadridge's growth prospects. The financial services sector is evolving rapidly and those changes are playing right into our strength across all three of our major businesses; governance, capital markets and wealth management. Thanks in large part to the strategy that Tim is spearheading, Broadridge is so well-positioned to benefit from these changes. Add to that the investments we have made and will continue to make in broadening our product lineup, integrating new technologies and in our associates, and I hope you are as excited as I am. Our bank broker-dealer and wealth management clients remain under enormous pressure to transform their businesses. They need to cut costs and refocus their investments and are turning to Broadridge to help them mutualize mission-critical but undifferentiated functions. Our investment and scale are also helping them realize the benefits of new technologies, including blockchain, AI and cloud. They know they also need to drive down the cost of communicating with their clients, while increasing the effectiveness of those communications. So they want to know how Broadridge's digital omni-channel capabilities can help accomplish those directives. AI, blockchain, cloud and digital are the new ABCDs of Broadridge's future. Recent actions by the SEC have only increased my excitement about long-term opportunities. The SEC has shown that it's clearly engaged in trying to understand how it can strengthen our corporate governance system and make it more cost effective. Thoughtfully moving 30e-3 forward, while simultaneously seeking comments on fees and how to make communications more effective is positive for Broadridge. The SEC appears to have a clear goal, utilize technology to help drive down costs and increase shareholder engagement. Given our investment in these areas, the more that responsible parties like the SEC look at Broadridge, the better we look. From my perspective, with 40 years of experience and engaging with the SEC on these issues, I've never been more excited about the long-term opportunities because I've never seen greater alignment between the goals of the Commission and Broadridge's unique ability to facilitate those goals through the creation of enhanced content delivered digitally in a personalized format and, on top of that, our track record of driving down costs. We're not aware of anyone that can match those capabilities. So let's take a quick look at some of the SEC's recent moves. The biggest action taken was the adoption of rule 30e-3 on June 5. 30e-3, which was originally proposed in May 2015 now approved in 2018 and go into effect in 2021, yes, that's a six-year journey to establish a Notice and Access option for funds shareholders. Notice and Access will give funds the option to send a simple notice to those shareholders still receiving physical documents unless the shareholders request the full report they received today. Remember that Broadridge has already eliminated more than 65% of fund reports by accelerating e-delivery. For investors receiving e-delivery today nothing will change. That new notice will direct the holders where they can go online to read full reports. Sending a simple notice versus the full reports will enable the funds to realize significant savings on print and mail costs and broker-dealers will receive an incremental fee for each Notice and Access communication. While implementing Notice and Access will require investment by both Broadridge and our broker clients, we expect a net impact to be modestly favorable to our bottom line when it goes into effect, again, in 2021. Also, as I mentioned, at the time they enacted 30e-3, the SEC added two additional requests for comments (00:11:13). First, the SEC is seeking feedback on how to modernize and improve the design, delivery and content of fund management, especially using digital technology, how to use technology to enhance shareholder engagement and lower costs has been a frequent topic of discussion with clients and with the SEC. In fact, Broadridge is already working with our fund clients and others on ways we can use our digital capabilities to design a clearer and more effective series of communications as part of our enhanced disclosure efforts. Furthermore, as Tim will tell you, our acquisition of ActivePath is designed to further extend our capabilities in this area. The second request was whether the SEC should review the fees that broker-dealers charge fund companies for distributing these communications to shareholders. We would welcome such a review. Let me explain why. The current fee structure was last reviewed over a four-year period ending in 2014 and a lot has changed since then. One of the biggest changes is that the cost to deliver regulatory fund communications to beneficial holders has fallen rapidly and is now 30% less on a per unit basis than to registered shareholders. Street cost savings represent more than $400 million in annual savings to fund holders in the past year alone and billions over the past decade. Moreover, costs are lower even though processing regulatory communications is significantly more complex for beneficial holders than for registered accounts. Beneficial processing involves complex workflows, including managed account processing, data aggregation for tens of thousands of funds, and more than 100 million brokerage accounts across 1,000-plus brokers. It also includes archival requirements and preference management, all handled with exceptional levels of accuracy and with the highest standards of cybersecurity. Finally, as I noted earlier, we are making additional investments in digital, omni-channel capabilities and enhanced content that are not covered by the current fee structure. Given the importance of these efforts, the SEC goals of increasing engagement and further reducing costs, we would welcome the chance to factor these expenses into the fee formula. So, June 5 was a good day for Broadridge, investors and their brokers, fund companies and even environmentalists. The SEC also announced last week that it will host a roundtable on the proxy process. Roundtables, which bring together industry participants to discuss outstanding issues, can be an effective way to help drive new ideas. In this case, the SEC is seeking discussion on the full range of proxy targets, including retail shareholder participation, how to deal with shareholder proposals, the voting process, in that case, think voting sneak peek (00:15:03) and what Broadridge can do to fix that, proxy advisory firms and the impact that technology and innovation can have on all areas of the proxy ad process. Overall, we're looking forward to helping the Commission to further decrease costs, increase retail shareholder engagement and determine how underlying fund investors can play a role in the governance process if that's what the SEC deems best in the public interest. So to sum up, we're excited to engage with the SEC and other stakeholders over the next few months on both fund communications and the proxy process. The answer to all of these issues is technology, working with our broker-dealer and fund clients to reduce the volume of physical communications through technology, using our digital and design capabilities to enhance these communications, to increase our effectiveness and increase shareholder engagement in a way that further encourages e-delivery and reduces print and mail costs through technology and investing in new technologies like blockchain to take voting transparency to new heights. The good news for our shareholders is that we have already made many of these investments, and our value proposition of receiving slightly higher fees in return for delivering significantly lower overall costs through the elimination of paper and postage is as powerful as ever. These recent moves by the SEC only serve to increase my confidence in how well Broadridge is positioned for future growth. So, what about fiscal 2019? Let's review our key guidance points before I turn it over to Tim to talk about strategy and execution. We expect recurring revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7% and total revenue growth of 3% to 5%. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be in the range of 9% to 13%. Keep in mind, that is after factoring in an expected decline in event-driven revenues. Finally, we expect Closed sales of $185 million to $225 million. The combination of our 2018 results and our outlook for 2019 leave Broadridge well positioned to deliver on our three-year targets we laid out at our last Investor Day. This is especially true for our organic recurring revenue and adjusted EPS growth objectives. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Rich, thank you. It really is an exciting time to be at Broadridge. We are at the center of important industry trends for which we are uniquely positioned. I am confident that the year we just finished and the guidance we are providing today, even with an expected decline in event-driven revenue, proves both the strength of our business model and that the investments we are making in longer-term growth are bearing fruit. I'll begin my remarks today with a focus on execution by providing a quick overview of our operating performance. Then, I'll provide an update on the strategy we outlined at our Investor Day for how we will build on the market opportunity in front of us to take Broadridge to the next level. Let's turn to slide 7. I want to leave you with three key points on our execution. First, our strong Closed sales create momentum for the future; second, we've had continuing strong performance across both segments; and third, we are investing for the future. Our record Closed sale results show the strong momentum we are seeing across governance, capital markets and wealth management. In the fourth quarter, our governance franchise signed with a fast-growing new client and signed an extension with a major existing client that included a significant expansion of services. These wins and others demonstrate how we continue to drive growth by being aligned with fast-growing new interests while bringing more value to existing clients. In capital markets, we added the North American operations of a major Asian bank and made two notable sales in the Japanese market, one an existing European client, and the other, a leading Japanese bank. Expanding our global reach was an important theme at our Investor Day. So, I am pleased that our international recurring sales were up significantly in 2018. In wealth, we grew our business with a significant retail brokerage client and further expanded our reach in the Canadian market. Our front-office Advisor Solutions products also recorded some notable wins. Importantly, this sales momentum is carrying over into 2019, and as Jim will describe, we are raising our sales guidance range from 2018. In my role, I spend a lot of time with clients. And it's clear to me, based on conversations across the industry, the demand for Broadridge's technology-driven solutions is strong. Our clients continue to look to us to help them incorporate new technologies and enhance their client experience, while reducing costs. As Jim will also describe, our growing backlog of business to be onboarded now accounts for more than a year's future revenue growth. That's a great place to be. Turning to our segments, I'm pleased that both segments performed well in the quarter. In Investor Communications, ICS recurring fee revenues, excluding customer communications, rose 11% for the quarter and 9% for the full year. The biggest driver of our growth was our core proxy and mutual fund governance products, which benefited from strong market trends. Total stock record growth was 11% in fiscal 2018, the highest level we've seen in this market cycle. Mutual fund and ETM (sic) [ETF] interim record growth was also strong at 13% in the quarter and 10% for the full year. We're also seeing strong demand for our data and analytics products, which grew by 34% in the quarter and 20% for the year, aided in part by acquisitions as we continued to invest in our data capabilities. Our wealth management products, which target front-office financial advisors, grew by 12% in the fourth quarter. Customer communications revenues declined 4% in the quarter and were flat for the year. While our new sales have largely kept pace with the client losses, some of our larger clients are suffering from a decline in the subscriber base, which along with ongoing e-migration had an impact on our volumes. We expect these losses will continue in fiscal 2019, as a large client migrates off our services. At the same time, there are several significant communications deals in our pipeline, which bodes well for returning this business to a growth track in 2020. Let's turn to our GTO segment, which continues to perform very well. Our GTO business continues to benefit from both new client additions as well as internal growth. We continue to make progress in onboarding a large client onto our global post-trade management technology platform, and that success is drawing the attention of other players who see the capability and efficiency gains our platform delivers. An increase in both equity and fixed income trading volumes, which grew by 17% and 10%, respectively, was an important contributor to our growth. The impact of these volume increases is muted somewhat by our tiered pricing model. The trade-related revenue growth accounted for approximately half of our internal growth in 2018. The other half of our internal growth has been driven by increased demand for other non-trade subscription and other services. Professional services where clients turn to us to help them implement new contracts and streamline their operations contributed nicely. Across both segments, much of the recurring revenue growth we saw in 2018 was a direct result of the initiatives we have been driving the past three years. To me, that's an important sign that the investments we have made are having an impact. Given our success, we continued to invest significantly in 2018 to build on that momentum and drive future growth. We increased investment in new products like fixed income, tax, advisor tools, data, and digital. We continued our ongoing efforts to enhance our existing product suite by incorporating new technologies like blockchain, cloud and AI. We also stepped up our spending on efficiency initiatives, and as part of our focus on the service profit chain, we increased benefits and we raised our minimum hourly wage. To put that investment in context, I want to refresh and give you an update on our Investor Day goals and the strategy we laid out to drive future growth. When I spoke to you all last December, I pointed to the $40 billion market opportunity in front of Broadridge and outlined a three-part growth agenda. We said we would extend our governance franchise, drive capital markets and build our wealth and investment management business. Eight months later, we're executing well on all those fronts. Let's start with governance, where we're driving four broad opportunities to extend our governance franchise. Job one is to continue to grow our core regulatory business. This business is performing well today and the growth of our equity proxy and ETF and mutual fund revenues underlines how well positioned Broadridge is to benefit from long-term investing trends. To extend this business tomorrow, we are driving the next-generation of regulatory communications. Let me share with you three amongst many areas where we're doing just that. First, we're moving toward enhanced content for ETF and mutual fund investors and potentially for equity investors. We are well-positioned to increase the valued communications we send while reducing the cost of doing so. As we said earlier, we are pleased that the SEC is looking seriously at this issue, and we look forward to engaging with them and others in the coming months. Second, we continue to drive conventional and next-generation digital delivery. We invested further in our digital capabilities with the acquisition of ActivePath, and we have realigned our customer communications organization to focus more intensely on growing digital revenues. Our clients are taking notice and increasingly see this as a key differentiator for Broadridge. Turning to blockchain, after running a non-U.S. meeting in blockchain for each of the past two years, we now have an end-to-end solution built on distributed ledger technology for the U.S. proxy market. And in 2018, we conducted the first annual meeting on blockchain for North American issuers. Data and analytics is the second broad opportunity and focus area. We're integrating the data from our governance products with other data sources to drive insight for our clients, especially our investment management clients. Over the past year, we made several acquisitions to extend our data capabilities for global asset managers, including Spence Johnson last July, the Morningstar Fund Advisory product in January, and in this most recent quarter, MackayWilliams. We expect these acquisitions to both broaden and deepen our available data sets and help sustain momentum we're seeing in the marketplace. Serving corporate issuers is our third focus area. Over the past year, we've expanded our range of corporate issuer services through the acquisition of Summit Financial, bringing document management capabilities and contributing to very solid results with this business. The last element of our strategy to extend governance is building omni-channel communications. With the integration of NACC now complete, we're actively engaging potential clients and we see a growing pipeline of these opportunities. Beyond governance, we are driving our capital markets franchise by helping our clients simplify and transform their complex technology operations ecosystems. We continue to make strong progress in bringing new clients onto our global post-trade technology platform. We now have a major client up and running across Europe, Asia and the Americas on a truly global platform. Earlier in the year, we won a new contract with a Tier 1 bank in which we will bring six separate corporate action systems on to a single global platform managed by Broadridge. Demand in mutualization remains strong, and our recent wins in Japan and elsewhere point to the strength and breadth of this opportunity and validate our efforts to further build our business outside North America. Second, we're working to create additional network value for our clients. Our investments in building a unique new set of fixed income capabilities is a critical proof point of our efforts on this side. Finally, we're committed to serving as an onramp for new technologies. Our progress in developing a new use case of blockchain and being awarded a patent for that innovation are clear signs of our progress there. The third major opportunity we discussed last December is building on our wealth and investment management business to create our next franchise. We continued to make progress in developing an integrated platform that will drive effectiveness across our clients' front, middle and back offices. Client interest in this product is high and we're excited about the potential for Broadridge to bring this capability to the market. In the meantime, we continue to see strong demand across both GTO and ICS for our existing wealth management capabilities. In GTO, we won some significant new back-office business from retail wealth players in both the United States and Canada. In ICS, our front-office solution for financial advisors is seeing solid demand, and Advisor Solutions revenues were up 9% from 2018. To sum up, Broadridge is benefiting from both strong operating results and sales momentum across our business as we enter fiscal 2019. We are making investments in new products and technologies that will strengthen our ability to take advantage of the long-term trends driving our growth. And we're executing on our strategy to strengthen our core franchise businesses and extend into new markets. As I said at the outset, it's an exciting time to be at Broadridge. Let me now turn it over to Jim to tell you how that progress has and will translate into strong financial performance. Jim?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Broadridge ended a strong year on a positive note with record sales, strong recurring revenue growth and a continued tailwind from lower taxes. Those benefits were offset to some degree in the quarter by the expected decline in event-driven revenues and an increased level of investment spending. More importantly, Broadridge enters fiscal year 2019 well-positioned to deliver another year of recurring revenue growth and double-digit EPS growth. I'll begin my comments with a few callouts. First, Closed sales and backlog. Broadridge's strong Closed sales performance pushed our overall recurring revenue backlog up from $250 million at the end of fiscal 2017 to almost $300 million at the end of fiscal 2018. Second, event-driven revenues, Broadridge reported a record $284 million in event-driven revenues in fiscal 2018, driven by increased shareholder activism and mutual fund proxy activity. Looking ahead to fiscal 2019, we expect event-driven revenues to decline 10% to 20%. Third, investments, the heavy investment activity Tim described drove an elevated level of operating expenses in the fourth quarter. While our plan calls for continued investments in new products and technologies, we do expect our level of investment spending to decline modestly in fiscal 2019. Fourth, taxes, Broadridge continue to benefit from the double tailwind of lower statutory tax rate and the positive impact of a higher ETB, or excess tax benefit, related to equity compensation, both of which helped to lower our tax expense. Looking ahead, we expect a further reduction in our underlying U.S. tax rate as we get the full year impact of the Tax Act, but much of that benefit will be offset by a much lower ETB. Last, guidance, our guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 9% to 13% incorporates all of the items I just mentioned. I'll return to these topics as I go through my review, which begin on slide 9 of the presentation. Fourth quarter total revenues declined by 2% to $1.3 billion. Looking at the drivers of growth, recurring revenue growth accounted for 4 points of growth, which is offset by minus 2 points from event-driven revenues and minus 4 points for distribution revenues. Looking at recurring fee revenues now. Recurring fee revenues, up 7% all in and 6% on an organic basis, were the biggest contributor to growth. Onboarding of new business or Closed sales, as shown here, was the largest organic contributor. This is where our strong sales results ultimately contribute to our revenue growth as we implement the contracts we signed. Internal growth contributed 3 points to recurring fee revenue growth. Both segments reported healthy internal growth numbers, with the biggest driver coming from our ICS segment where we saw very strong growth in stock records and mutual fund and ETF interims. In-year acquisitions also contributed modestly to our recurring revenue growth. Next, distribution revenues, the decline in distribution revenues was a result of lower event-driven activity and lower customer communications volumes, which tend to be accompanied by a heavier mix of distribution revenues. Last, event-driven revenues, which declined $30 million or 33% as we lapped some significant proxy events that took place a year ago. Let's turn to our full year revenue growth drivers on page 10. For the full year, Broadridge reported 5% growth in total revenues, with 5 points of growth coming from recurring fee and event-driven revenues, offset by a modest decline in distribution revenues. Recurring fee revenues rose 6%, with organic growth of 5% and 1 point from acquisitions. Moving from revenues to profits on slide 11, fourth quarter adjusted operating income fell 10% to $290 million. The combination of lower event-driven revenues, higher investment spending and an increase in sales commission expenses more than offset the positive impact of the growth in recurring fee revenues. The impact of our investment spending and, to a lesser extent, higher sales commissions can be seen in our SG&A expense, which increased 33% to $185 million. Some of that spending is related to ongoing product development and technology efforts that Tim discussed, and those will continue in fiscal 2019. Other investments, including in various efficiency initiatives, have concluded and should not have ongoing spend in fiscal 2019. Higher sales commissions were driven by our record sales results. I'm happy to see those come through. Looking below the line, adjusted EPS grew 9%, as the decline in adjusted operating income was more than offset by a lower tax expense. The ETB of $22 million contributed $0.18 to our EPS growth, and the impact of the lower tax rate contributed an additional $0.14. The full year numbers are in slide 12. For the full year fiscal 2018, adjusted operating income rose 10% to $685 million and adjusted EPS rose 34% to $4.19. Broadridge's adjusted EPS benefited from $41 million of ETB as well as a 540 basis point reduction in our underlying tax rate driven largely by the Tax Act. For those of you with questions about the impact of ETB, we've added a slide in the appendix of this presentation showing historical ETB figures. As a reminder, prior to fiscal 2018, ETB was reflected only in the cash flow statement and not in the income statement. I'm now on slide 13. Our ICS segment had a solid quarter with recurring revenues up 7%, helping to offset the impact of lower event-driven revenue. Earnings fell 5%. For the full year, ICS revenues grew 3%, and earnings, which are much more sensitive to changes in fee revenues, rose 16%. The GTO segment recorded another strong quarter with revenue growth of 8% to $234 million. Acquisitions were not a factor, so organic growth accounted for all of GTO's growth in the fourth quarter. For the full year, GTO revenues rose to $912 million, with 9% organic growth, and earnings before taxes grew 23% to $199 million. Broadridge generated $596 million of free cash flow in fiscal 2018. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $392 million, up from $310 million a year ago as a result of strong operating results, including lower taxes and better working capital. Broadridge invested $98 million in capital expenditures and software investments during the year, including $27 million in the fourth quarter. That puts our capital spending back in the range of 2% to 2.5% of revenues, which is in line with our historical average after two years of slightly above-trend spending. Fiscal 2018 was a busy year for M&A program as we made a total of six acquisitions, including the two deals that Tim referenced in the fourth quarter. In total, Broadridge invested $148 million through M&A. We also returned $391 million to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We paid $166 million in dividends in fiscal 2018, a figure that will climb to more than $200 million as a result of the 33% increase in the dividend that our board authorized yesterday. We also spent $225 million net of option proceeds to repurchase 2 million shares. Virtually all of this was done in the fourth quarter. All this resulted in an ending EBITDAR debt leverage ratio of 1.6 times or 1.3 times on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis. That is below our target ratio of 2.0 times on the EBITDAR metric as we were able to repatriate more cash sooner than expected as a result of the Tax Act, and M&A in dollar terms was relatively light. There's no change to our target of a 2.0 times leverage ratio. Before I give some additional insight into our guidance, I want to touch on our recurring revenue backlog. At our Investor Day last December, we introduced our internal backlog metric with plans to update you periodically on that metric. Our recurring revenue backlog represents an estimate of first year revenue from Closed sales that has not yet been recognized. At the end of fiscal 2017, our recurring revenue backlog was approximately $250 million, including $170 million of Not Yet Live, which is the annual value of recurring revenues that has not been recognized in any form, and $80 million of Live, which represents remaining partial year revenue where part of the annual contract value has begun to be recognized. Our current backlog estimate for the end of fiscal 2018 accounts for revenue onboarded over the year, fiscal year 2018 sales and ongoing refinement of our estimation process. Our recurring revenue backlog now sits at approximately $295 million, equivalent to 11% of fiscal year 2018 recurring revenue. Not Yet Live is now estimated at $215 million, equivalent to 8% of fiscal 2018 recurring revenues. We believe it is a good indicator of our ability to generate ongoing revenue growth. Going forward, we intend to provide backlog numbers on an annual basis. So you'll see this again next year. Now, let's look ahead into fiscal 2019. Our full year guidance can be found on slide 16. First, we expect recurring revenue growth to be in the range of 5% to 7%, all but a point of which should be organic. We're expecting mid-single-digit recurring revenue growth at both ICS and GTO. In the case of ICS, we expect healthy market activity to continue to buoy our governance business and healthy growth in our data and analytics product lines, partially offset by a slight decline in our customer communications revenues. For GTO, we expect revenue growth to moderate somewhat as we lap the periods of market volatility that contributed to our internal growth in fiscal 2018. Next, we expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 5% as the healthy growth in our recurring fee revenues is offset by a 10% to 20% decline in event-driven revenues. We expect distribution revenues to be flat to slightly up. Third, we expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16.5%, up more than 50 basis points from FY 2018, with growth being driven by higher recurring revenues and modest expense growth, offset in part by lower event-driven revenues. This means we are targeting high-single digit or better growth in adjusted operating income. Fourth, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be 9% to 13%. A key assumption here is our effective tax rate should drop only marginally as the benefit we will receive from Tax Cuts will be offset by a decline in ETB from $41 million in fiscal 2018 to an estimated $25 million in fiscal 2019. The combination of an underlying tax rate of about 24%, excluding ETB, and the $25 million of assumed ETB would result in an effective tax rate of about 20%. Fifth, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $565 million to $615 million. After a strong fiscal 2018, we expect working capital needs to revert to more normalized levels and to spend more on client conversions, which will offset our expected growth in earnings. In addition, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $95 million to $115 million. Finally, we expect Closed sales to be in the range of $185 million to $225 million. Three quick reminders about our guidance. Broadridge's guidance, as always, excludes any potential impact from acquisitions made in fiscal 2019. Also, we'll be adopting the new ASC 606 revenue accounting standard. Overall, we expect the new standard to have a modestly negative effect on our fiscal 2019 revenues and profits. It will have the effect of moving significant regulatory revenues, $100 million to $150 million, from Q4 to Q3 as certain deferral conventions will no longer be applied for the new standard. This impact is fully reflected in our 2019 guidance. Finally, as you think about the quarterization of your estimates, remember that the first quarter has averaged about 12% of full year adjusted earnings and we expect about that or a tad higher this year. Given the shift in revenue from Q4 to Q3 that we expect, Q3 and Q4 earnings should contribute pretty equally to the full year. We plan to update you on our quarterly call with respect to the quarterly impacts from the new revenue standard. In closing, our very strong fiscal 2018 results create good momentum going into fiscal 2019 where we are guiding to 9% to 13% adjusted EPS growth on healthy operating income growth. Back to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. I'm on slide 17 of the presentation for a quick wrap-up. One, Broadridge had a strong year with strong recurring revenue growth, record event-driven revenues and adjusted EPS growth of 34%. Closed sales grew 14% to a new record. Two, we closed fiscal 2018 on a strong note. Fourth quarter recurring revenues rose 7% and Closed sales were $115 million. Three, Broadridge enters fiscal 2019 with momentum. Our guidance calls for recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7% and adjusted EPS growth of 9% to 13%. In other words, another Broadridge kind of year, even with a decline in event-driven revenues. Four, we are on track to achieve our three-year targets, especially for organic recurring revenue growth and adjusted EPS growth. And finally, five, we continue to manage our business with a focus on creating long-term value. At Broadridge, that means ensuring that we continue to be well-positioned to take advantage of the opportunities created by an evolving financial services industry. That focus is at the heart of the Investor Day strategy Tim laid out. That's why I'm convinced that Broadridge is better positioned than ever to deliver continued growth, both in 2019 and well beyond. It is really a great time to be at Broadridge. Before I turn the call over to you for your questions, I want to thank my fellow Broadridge associates. Their commitment to the service profit chain is the foundation for the results we reported today. Let's now take questions. Tom?
Operator: Sure. Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Mr. David Togut of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Good morning, and nice to see the 33% dividend increase.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: It's our shareholders' cash, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Well, it's good to see. I'll ask my question and follow-up together. So the $185 million to $225 million Closed sales target for 2019, could you break down for us how much of that comes from the bigger transformative deals versus sort of the singles and doubles? And then, my follow-up is really for Jim. On the 9% to 13% EPS growth guidance for FY 2019, should we be using a 20% or a 24% tax rate as we model that out?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Dave, it's Tim Gokey. I'll take the sales question and then hand the tax rate question over to Jim. So, first of all, we have a very robust pipeline in both the larger transaction side and on the, what we call, core sales, the ongoing deals. And in almost every year, we end up with a healthy mix of both. I think, generally, you see us near the higher end of our range when one of the larger transaction comes in, and as you know, the timing of those is very uncertain, and near the lower end of the range when we don't have those larger transactions, but we have a pretty robust pipeline on both sides. And my expectation at this point is that you'd see both, but, again, the timing of the larger deals is always hard to predict.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, David, this year, the mix was what was so impressive of our Closed sales for this year. We've got to the $100 million through the first three quarters without any significant transactions to speak of. So, to then have the year with a very solid fourth quarter and a mix there, but, again, a lot more, I'll call it, singles, doubles, maybe triples, but there wasn't the grand slams that we're hoping for, at least as many of them as we think we could have had. So, we're well-positioned because of the breadth of product, as particularly what Tim talked about in terms of the Investor Day update and the strategy, there is an awful lot that can be sold through Tim and the team's leadership and really creating opportunities across governance, capital markets and wealth.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, David, with respect to the tax rate, the way to think about it is if we come in exactly on plan, we'll have a rate that is a – quarter line rate that's about 24%. And then, when you apply the $25 million ETB, the effective rate that pops out is around 20%. So, as you're modeling and looking at different scenarios, that 24% is the rate to apply to the earnings and then adding on that fixed ETB amount of $25 million, which is our assumption currently.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, guys. Nice job. Let me just start off on the GTO side. I mean, obviously, it keeps trending very well. I guess, first of all, what kind of activity – the trade activity, how much of that contributed to the growth this past year when we deconstruct, I guess, the 8% for the quarter at least? And then, going forward, I mean, David just touched on that in his question around the Closed sales, but, I mean, it seems like there's still a lot of medium-sized deals coming on. I mean, are you really factoring in any of the much larger opportunities that we've heard about in the marketplace to outsource the clearing and settling operations to that segment's growth profile yet?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. This is Tim and I'll let Jim add in any details on the specific growth breakdown. But on GTO, the biggest driver of growth has been and continues to be the onboarding of new clients, and that accounts for the significant majority of the new growth. Then, the other part of it is internal growth, and that internal growth was about half trade activity and half adding other non-subscription trade services. So the trade growth is – it's a contributor, but it's not the overall – or by any means, the biggest contributor. And that's really because of the nature of our tiered pricing model and if you can get a lot of additional trade volume without a lot of additional cost. In terms of the sales guidance and how that factors in larger transactions, I'll go back to what I said earlier is there's a lot of opportunity out there. We are having a lot of conversations, and the timing of when those might happen is always hard to predict. But we really like the position we're in across both wealth and capital markets. We have exciting things and transformative things in both of those areas, but the timing of that, again, is always hard to predict, but we do feel good about this range.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Just one quick follow-up. When considering the SEC review, just – I mean, what percentage of your ICS revenue actually is being looked at there? If you can just give us a little more specifics on that. And I mean, I understand you've invested quite heavily in that area and so there should be some justification for pricing obviously, but I'd just be curious what your thoughts are in terms of the timing also around how – it seems like these things can take many, many years. What should we expect from a timing perspective on that front? Thanks, guys.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, these things always take longer than anyone, including us, would like them to take. Bear in mind, what the SEC just did was not say they're going to do a review. They're asking for comments on whether they should consider doing a review. All right? I made it very clear in my comments, and I want to reinforce that, when I said that the more responsible parties look at us, the better we look. The amount of cost that we've taken out on the Street side versus cost taken out by funds or equity issuers who control their own registered site is a dramatic increase where we're cheaper in both cases, all right, on a per unit cost basis. I talked about all the things we need to do by coordinating all of this for our broker clients versus what they need to do managing a single profile account. So, it's very difficult to not recognize that the application of technology, which, as you know, we've got $1 billion-plus invested in, okay, is what's driving these extraordinary efficiency results. But more importantly, it can actually drive levels of engagement particularly with the use of omni-channel digital capabilities to the next level. So, we're excited to sit down and talk about, what I'd call, that value proposition, which no one ever seems to think at all, where we can take out more costs, okay, and paper and postage. So, remember, it's the net what is it costing you, all right, which is what the real focus always comes back to and what it should be, all right, versus what the fees are. So, by taking out and continuing to take out the paper and postage costs, we've been able to see an increase in fees, but with great savings going to the benefit whether it be equity issuers, fund companies and their underlying shareholders. You take that now to what the SEC is looking to do, which is to continue that cost efficiency, but to create a far more engaging experience, far more knowledgeable investors, and the digital capabilities that we've demonstrated directly in the marketplace and is out there, really, we believe, will be a game-changer. And by the way, it costs money do to that, and we expect to get paid to do that. And we expect people to be happy when it's successfully implemented because the net result is going be lower cost to them because of the paper and postage component. So, we are very excited about where we are. I'm not excited that it will happen as soon as we would like it to happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Peter Heckmann of Davidson. Your line is open.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, gentlemen. Hey, Jim, on those six acquisitions you did, can you talk about the acquired revenue that's included in your fiscal 2019 guidance? I'm thinking maybe somewhere around $20 million. And then, as well, do you have any share repurchases included? Or conversely, what would be the kind of the midpoint of the share count that you're using to get to your EPS guidance?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Pete, so the – on the acquisition revenues, as you know, they were six, but all relatively small. They add about 1 point of growth next year. So that's embedded in our guidance. And as you recall, our methodology is to just capture the piece that we haven't recognized yet in the first full year in that contribution to growth. And with respect to share repurchase, we don't have any explicit share repurchase built into the plan. As you know, we just came off of a quarter where we did $225 million of share repurchase, about $200 million net of proceeds. So, very active on that front, but nothing in the plan.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And one other comment here, Pete, in terms of the M&A. Jim covered that we haven't changed our target ratio, leverage ratio, we haven't changed any of our philosophy here. I want to start by emphasizing that, at the same time, say, that had our M&A number been higher, we all would have been happier, but we're not going to change our discipline around returns or our discipline around strategic fit. But I certainly would have been happier if our M&A number instead of being $148 million was twice that as something like that. And I certainly would have thought preferred the growth from M&A to be 2 or 3 points versus 1 point. So, as static as we are about the year, M&A is something we control and don't control in the sense of we're not going to do a deal for the sake of doing a deal. But we all would have been happier, based on what we think is our proven skill set, that successfully executing and implementing and integrating these tuck-ins, we all will be a lot happier if that 1% was a 2% to 3% number.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Got you. That's helpful. And then just back on the quantification of the exposure to proxy fee reviews, based on the supplemental disclosure you put out this morning, it looked like the revenue that's covered by current regulated fee schedules was about 21% of revenue. So can give you us an idea what percentage of the distribution revenue is related to proxies and interims? And then just on that distribution piece, what would be approximate margins on distribution?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pete, this is Jim. The 21% is roughly accurate. I don't have a mix in front of me on the distribution. Obviously, our BRCC business has a lot of distribution revenues in there. If you look at the mix that we talked about at Investor Day, we talked about, I think, on average about right around or less than 10% margin on the all-in distribution revenues. Again, some of that blended at nothing and sometimes more than that. So those are some of the math that you did.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, Jim, this is Rich. That margin that we make is again another example of the great benefit that the customer receives, because that margin is being driven by driving efficiencies in sorting capabilities and then with some of the technology that we acquired in the communications transaction from DST, we have things called statement packs and things like that where we can take five separate mailings going to a customer across the same financial institution, very unrelated in some cases. So it could be a credit card or a mortgage statement and another statement and combine them in one envelope and take advantage of the overall lower postage rate of getting those five separate envelopes into then one larger envelope and dramatically reducing the cost there. So, the margins we make, and I just want to emphasize, is there because the people paying it are always receiving a benefit dramatically beyond that.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, Pete, it's Tim Gokey. I'll add one further factor on the quantification of this, which is the SEC has requested comment specifically on fees for the distribution of mutual fund interims, and they're specifically limited to that. So, that is about 8% of the fee revenue. Obviously, once these conversations start, they can go more broadly, but they haven't asked for something that's more targeted than the total regulated fees.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And Tim is spot on here. The reason I set my excitement is I ultimately believe enhanced content, whether it be getting it on your phone or whether getting it sent to you directly, is going to be what equity issuers in the world of activism are going to need to get in front of investors. And what fund companies – let's not forget, this is not just an expense. These are the people that is their business model and engaging with them in a way to demonstrate why you should still be investing in this fund or another fund is something we're in active discussions with funds right now on. And so, the opportunity to get paid for that enhanced content is something we think that everyone should want to have a conversation about, and then particularly Broadridge.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Puneet Jain of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So your margin guidance is in line with your medium-term target, it seems like. I know you talked about lower investments this year, but how should we think about margin trajectory beyond this year?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Puneet, this is Jim. We continue to feel good about our ability to expand margins. As you know, our longer term targets are about 50 basis points per year. At 80 basis points this year, we've exceeded that. Next year, we're on track to do about that, a bit better. I think any multiyear view, we're still going to stick with our 50 basis points per year, but obviously we're encouraged by our ability to produce this, especially, by the way, as I think about next year; when you've got that decline in event-driven revenues, to produce similar types of margin expansion makes us feel good. But certainly not ready yet to revise that number.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then, event-driven implies, give or take, $230 million, $250 million in revenue. Is that the new baseline level for that business?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We talk about it as a 10% to 20% decline off of the $284 million. Baseline is always difficult to ascertain with event, but I think ways to think about it are we have assumed lower mutual fund proxy activity in this past year, although we do assume some notable activity. We have lower equity contest activity than last year, recognizing that these contests are very difficult to project. And clearly, it's difficult for us to put anything in the plan for that, recognizing that the activist share class is a big one now, and certainly, we're hoping for more activity, but it was certainly too much for us to stick a major assumption like that in the plan.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Just want to ask one on the outlook for M&A and really your M&A strategy. I know you said there's no change to the tuck-in acquisition strategy and the leverage ratios and things like that. But as Broadridge has become a company with $3.5 billion of revenue and $500 million of pre-tax earnings, it seems like you need to do bigger and bigger tuck-in acquisitions to have a meaningful impact on earnings. How do you feel about the universe of potential targets out there that are big enough to make a difference for you? Are you seeing enough that's out there in size? Like you mentioned, you wanted to do sort of 2 times the $148 million in M&A that you did this past year. So, just kind of curious on your sense on this one.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Chris, it's Tim Gokey. And as I said before, I think that fintech is sort of an area where M&A is an evergreen strategy because there are always teams rolling out of banks or other places, creating something and getting it up to a certain size and either wanting to create some liquidity for themselves or wanting to sell to the Tier-1 clients of the world who may not buy from them. So, I do think it's an evergreen part of the strategy. It's certainly an important ongoing part of our strategy. And this past year was very active for us, as we said, with six transactions. And while they were smaller, they were all proprietary discussions and they were all in areas that were very strategic for us. So we do feel very good about the year – the year just past. As we look forward, we have a very robust pipeline with transactions of all different sizes, and we're going to maintain a high bar. And as we look at this, we're going to look for things where they're truly additive to what we can bring to our clients and where we think we are uniquely positioned as a buyer and an owner. These things do tend to be lumpy. And if you look at us, over time, you have seen it sort of come in runs where things become available and we're able to get them. And so, we're going to keep working hard at it. And I'm confident that, over time, you'll see us hit our broad targets.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Tim. And then, I guess – well, I'll throw it out there for you. Last week, we had pretty major announcements from Fidelity in terms of going to zero fee rate on two mutual funds and some significant price cuts on other mutual funds. I'm wondering if you expect any direct or indirect impact on mutual fund communications or perhaps even consolidation among different mutual funds out there, or is it really too soon to tell on that one? But seems like a pretty major event in the mutual fund world, particularly for active managers.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yes, great question. I think, certainly, you're seeing – and this is just another step, you're seeing significant commoditization of asset management with the shift from active to passive and other things. And that has been masked to a certain extent by significant asset growth in a very strong market. When the market turns, there is going to be significant pressure on the asset management industry. And from our perspective, we see asset managers going through many of the challenges that our capital markets clients have gone through over the past 10 years. We see that happening in the asset management industry in the next 10 years. And that for us, that's why we're making investments around better serving investment managers. And those changes are also beginning to affect wealth managers and why we're investing in certain wealth managers, because when there is that change, that really creates the need for people to relook at their operating models and their business models, and we think we can be very, very helpful in that regard, helping people save money and become more efficient. So we think there is going to be change, but we think in the long run that will be opportunity for us.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Thanks very much, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. First of all, thanks for all your comments on the SEC fee review. Want to kind of follow up on that topic. So you have the Investment Company Institute, which represents the fund industry. They've been reasonably public about their concerns about interim pricing and they seem eager to revise the fee schedule downward. So is it your view that the ICI and the fund industry just need some better education on the value that Broadridge provides, that the cost that Broadridge is taking out, the relative costs compared to other communications channels, and once they better understand those dynamics that their view is going to more align with yours?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, Patrick, first of all, I want to emphasize what Tim just said, which is we are very well aware, whether it be broker-dealers that we've witnessed since the financial crisis to this day without any letup in the intensity or now asset managers are under significant internal pressures, all right, and therefore cost always becomes a focus point for organizations under those significant pressures. So, we truly acknowledge that. That's why we believe that with the many fund families we're working with right now, who understand not only what we've taken out on cost, but the opportunity to take out more cost is why I feel so positive about that. But I absolutely understand, in a perfect world, everyone would love us to take out all the paper and postage cost and do it for free, okay? So that's going to be human nature and business models as we go forward. I think the thing that is missing here, okay, is that the relationship between the fund families and the broker-dealers is very significant. 85% of the distribution for funds goes through the broker-dealers. So the ICI comments are comments about the broker-dealer fees, okay, we charge the broker dealer a fee, but the fee is a broker-dealer fee. So I think the thing that will get flushed out here, Patrick, is that the relationship between the fund and the broker-dealers is very strong, has to be very strong, will continue to be very strong, all right, and so -and there's a real need for each other. The broker-dealer needs product to distribute and the fund needs our investments distributed through that channel. So, I expect as these dialogues go on – and we're already seeing the beginning of that, okay, where we'll get back to what makes sense for our broker-dealer clients, what makes sense for the fund families. And at the end of the day, it comes down to not what the fees are but what the unit cost is, and unit cost will come down. Going all the way back in my long history with this, Patrick, I was at the stock exchange in the late 1990s, okay, and the dialogue was you have to lower your fees by a nickel, all right? And I said how about we lower the cost by $0.50 per unit, okay. And it was mistaken at that moment because the fee was about $0.50 and I was suggesting we do it for zero, all right. When it was ultimately understood, it's the unit cost that matters, including the fee and not the fee, okay, we got on to incremental fees to drive efficiencies. There's still a ton of money that can be taken out. And then, the last point I want to emphasize beyond the importance of the relationship between the broker and the fund where they voluntarily do business with one another unlike an equity issuer, okay. The next point is, is that the funds are coming to us in this dialogue saying, we need to engage, we need alignment, we need to communicate our value proposition to our fund investors so that they understand us. Can you help us get that done? So any time you're talking about people under financial pressure and any time you're talking about costs, it's always going to start out in an intense dialogue. This will be no different. I am highly confident, though, because of the business objectives of funds, because of the business objectives of brokers and because of the opportunity to not only take more paper and postage costs out, but to provide better engagement, whether it be for the brokers' customer or for that fund investor through easier access to information and meaningful information, and with an SEC who appears to be engaged through their questions on the rollout of 30e-3 of how to go down that path. It's really an exciting time for Broadridge on these activities because, again, it never gets old, our ability to trade slightly higher fees for dramatically lower costs for the parties, and that will continue to be true here.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: We're going to close on that note. Thank you, everybody, for your interest in Broadridge. Please choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Cyganovich - Evercore Group LLC Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Conesia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Conesia. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our CEO; Tim Gokey, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to the management team, a few standard reminders. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow. We believe these non-GAAP metrics provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of our use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the comparable measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to all of you joining us on this call. I'm delighted to report another strong quarter for our business. And with only two months to go before year-end, I'm also pleased to note that Broadridge is firmly on track to deliver strong full year 2018 results as well. I'll begin this morning with the highlights of our third quarter earnings on slide 5. Tim will then discuss the performance of our two segments, and Jim will review our financials and walk you through our outlook for fiscal 2018, including the drivers behind the increase in our adjusted EPS guidance. I will then close with some additional thoughts on how we are balancing, delivering attractive, short-term results, while investing for the long-term. So, let's get started. Broadridge reported strong third quarter results. Total revenues rose 6% to $1.1 billion, driven by recurring fee revenue growth of 8% and, to a lesser extent, by 9% growth in event-driven revenues. Strong organic recurring revenue growth resulted in a 13% increase in adjusted operating income and a 90-basis-point increase in margin expansion. Broadridge's adjusted EPS was also helped by a tax benefit related to equity compensation and the reduction in corporate tax rates, which further contributed to a 45% year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS to $1 per share. Our third quarter numbers benefited from a confluence of positive factors, which contributed to our strong results. The first and most important factor was the continuing benefit we see from the long-term trends that have been a consistent driver of Broadridge's growth. These trends, which include mutualization and the increasing demand for data and analytics have driven the strong sales results we reported over the past several years. The on-boarding of our sales backlog remains the single biggest engine of our annual organic revenue growth. That backlog gives us excellent visibility into our organic revenue growth over the next 12 to 18 months. The second driver was the increase in market volatility that occurred in the quarter. Higher trading volumes helped our capital markets and wealth management businesses, as well as our customer communications product line. The third factor was the continued strength in event-driven revenues. All three of these factors coming together in a single period produced a very strong quarter. Tim will discuss this in more detail in just a few moments. Now, let's move to one of my favorite topics. Year-to-date Closed sales were $100 million through the end of March. Broadridge recorded $38 million in Closed sales in the third quarter, down 20% from a year ago. We remain on track to hit our full year sales targets as we expect a very healthy close to fiscal 2018. As you know, Broadridge's quarterly Closed sales results have historically been weighted towards the fourth quarter, and results for any single quarter can be heavily influenced by the timing of large deals. Our pipeline today is very strong and it includes some large deals, where we are in active dialogues with clients. These dialogues are progressing well, and we expect one or more of these deals to contribute meaningfully in the fourth quarter. Next, let's discuss guidance. We are raising our adjusted EPS guidance and reaffirming our prior guidance on total revenue, recurring revenue, adjusted operating income margin, free cash flow, and as I have just said, Closed sales. In terms of adjusted EPS, we are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth for the year to 31% to 35% from 27% to 31%. Incorporated in our new guidance are: one, strong results over the first nine months of the year, and at this point in the year, our line of sight into full-year numbers; two, a higher-than-forecasted tax benefit from equity compensation; and three, increased investment, as we take advantage of the growth opportunities we see to redeploy some of our strong operating profits back into the business. I'll touch more on this on my wrap-up. With our strong outlook for fiscal 2018, Broadridge is on track to achieve the three-year financial targets we laid out at our Investor Day this past December. We believe the combination of investments we have already made over the past five years to grow our governance and capital markets franchises, to broaden our product lineup and to strengthen our sales capabilities have enabled Broadridge to reinforce its strong market position and high 97% client retention rate. The value we deliver to our clients is the reason why we are in a position to report the kind of results we reported this morning and why Broadridge is so well positioned to deliver on its three-year objectives. For example, our ability to benefit from the strong underlying growth in equity or mutual fund and ETF positions is a direct result of the investments we have made to build the complex technology and physical infrastructure that underpin corporate governance. Corporate issuers and mutual funds rely on Broadridge to communicate efficiently with millions of investors and accurately count tens of millions of votes. And when conflicts do arise, as with Qualcomm this past quarter, they know that Broadridge will ensure that their message is delivered to shareholders and that the votes we process will be counted quickly and accurately, which is what gives all parties such high confidence in the work performed by Broadridge. Remember, if Broadridge standards were universally applied, there would never be another snake pit situation like the P&G proxy fight. In addition, Broadridge's ability to benefit from the underlying demand for our data and analytics products is a direct result of the investments we have made to integrate our data into our solution set as well as a result of tuck-in acquisitions to acquire additional data products. Finally, Broadridge's capital markets franchise helps deliver scalable post-trade processing and other technology solutions to our clients. These clients benefit from the investments we have made in enhancing our technology and processes to create integrated and global platforms. By using Broadridge, they do not have to bear the cost of building and maintaining excess capacity to handle the kind of volume spikes associated with volatile trading periods. They know that Broadridge will provide that capacity to them on demand. The investments we have made in the past have put Broadridge in a strong position it is today and we are continuing to invest in our business. Given the opportunities we see ahead and the combination of strong operating results and a lower tax rate that are benefiting our results this year, we have increased investment spending over the past few months. We believe these incremental investments will only further strengthen Broadridge's ability to achieve its three-year objectives and deliver long-term sustainable growth. I will now turn the call over to Tim to provide a more in-depth review of our operating results.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. Let's turn to slide 6 for an update on the performance of our two segments. I'm really pleased with the operational momentum we are seeing in both of our segments, which is a testament to the strong work by our teams to align our businesses about longer term growth drivers. In both our Investor Communications and Global Technology and Operations segments, these trends are driving underlying growth. At the same time, both segments are also benefiting from the uptick in market volatility that we saw in the quarter. Let's start with Investor Communications, where total revenues rose 4%, led by 5% growth in recurring fee revenues. What's really nice to see here is positive growth across all of our reported revenue product groups. Excluding customer communications, ICS recurring fee revenues rose a very healthy 7%. Importantly, Broadridge continued to benefit from strong demand trends in our core mutual fund governance products. Mutual fund and ETF interim record growth was 8%, which translated into healthy double-digit revenue growth. On the equity side, the impact of strong stock record growth was muted by mix shift in the quarter. But we expect these trends to translate into higher growth in the fourth quarter, which is where roughly 60% of proxy activity takes place. With visibility into more than 90% of proxy at this point, we now expect full year stock record growth to be 10%. Other ICS revenues grew 7%, led by strong growth in our mutual fund solutions and data-driven products. We worked hard to build more solutions and data oriented capabilities into our ICS product suite and it's gratifying to see that having an impact. Revenues for our wealth management product set also rose nicely and we benefited from the acquisition of Summit Financial and from much lesser extent, from the two small data product acquisitions we made earlier this year, Spence Johnson and the Morningstar Fund Advisory product line. Customer communications revenues rose 3% in the quarter; much of that growth was driven by post-sale revenue, and higher trading activity generated increased volumes of mutual fund prospectuses we distribute (13:40) clients. Excluding that pickup, customer communications revenues were flat, as the recent new to sales wins offset lower than expected client losses. ICS event-driven revenues were up 9%. Event-driven revenues from mutual fund proxy activity declined as expected as we started to lap some of the larger mutual fund proxy events of the last four quarters. That decline was more than offset in the third quarter, however, by an increase in equity related proxy activity with much of that coming from the Qualcomm contest. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we expect event-driven revenues to be lower than in 2017. As you know, fourth quarter 2017 event-driven revenues benefited from the proxy vote in one of the largest mutual fund and ETF complexes, as well as two large equity contests. We don't see a similar level of activity this coming quarter, especially on the mutual fund side. And we don't see a significant equity contest at the moment either. Let's turn to our GTO segment, which reported very strong 13% revenue growth. As is typically the case, on-boarding new sales in both our capital market and wealth management clients remains the biggest overall driver of growth. During the quarter, we successfully brought a major client online with one of the biggest (15:04) platforms in New York. And we brought the Japanese operations of another large global client on to our global post-trade management platform. Both these milestones represent significant proof-points in implementation of our new global technology platform, but which we continue to see strong client demand. Internal growth was also a significant driver. The increased market volatility in the quarter contributed to strong internal growth with equity trading volumes up sharply across our platforms. We also benefited from increased professional and managed services. More broadly, we continue to see strong demand of our capital markets and wealth management solutions. Additionally, we had dialogues with several large clients of our transformational initiatives and our clients remain under intense pressure to grow revenues, reshape their businesses and cut costs. Beyond these business model changes, a consistent theme in my conversation with clients is the recognition of new technologies of bringing additional opportunities and challenges to their businesses. Our clients are turning to Broadridge to help them manage these technology transitions, and they see the investments we are making in digital, AI, cloud and blockchain and setting us apart from others. On the blockchain part, we continue to make investments to maximize the benefit of distributed ledger technology. After running anonymous meeting in blockchain each of the past two years, we now have built an end-to-end distributed ledger technology solution for the U.S. proxy market, and we conducted the first annual meeting on blockchain for North American issuer. That process conducted a parallel for our standard technology, highlighted the potential benefit that blockchain could bring in terms of automating information sharing and increasing transparency. We have two more proxy blockchain vote on tap for the fourth quarter as well. We also took a tangible to enhance our digital communications capabilities with the acquisition of ActivePath in March. We're excited to integrate ActivePath capabilities with our existing digital products to enable our clients to more effectively communicate with their customers and significantly lower costs. Our investment in blockchain and digital communications are both examples of how Broadridge is focused on enabling our clients to get ahead of the challenges they face today, while passing (17:36) the opportunities that these shifts will bring them tomorrow. Our clients see that commitment and are rewarding us for it. For me, it's an exciting time to be at Broadridge. Between the strong momentum we're seeing in our current business and the investments we're making in new technologies and capabilities, we're making Ready for Next, a reality for our clients. Let me now turn over to Jim for a review of our financial results. Jim?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. We have very strong third quarter as our results benefited from continued strong operating trends, robust market activity, higher event-driven revenues and tax benefits. I'll start my remarks with a few call-outs. First, 7% organic recurring revenue growth, the engine of our organic growth continues to be the on-boarding of new sales. In this quarter, we also saw a nice pickup in internal growth, which drove four points of growth and boosted organic growth. As Tim noted, we are benefiting at the margin from a sharp pickup in our client equity trading volumes, as well as the continued growth in mutual fund interims and stock record growth. The latter matters most of course in our fourth quarter when the bulk of the proxy revenue is earned. Second, event-driven revenues. Event-driven activity was modestly stronger than anticipated. In particular, the Qualcomm proxy contest generated a higher level of activity than we had anticipated. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect a decline in event-driven activity as I'll discuss later in my remarks. Third, excess tax benefit or ETB as I will refer to here, as most of you will recall, changes in accounting standards have moved the impact of the tax benefit from equity-based compensation from the cash flow statement into the tax provision on the income statement. Over the first two quarters of the year, we realized just $3 million in ETB. In the third quarter, Broadridge recorded $16 million in ETB or $0.13 per share, which significantly lowered our tax provision. We are assuming a similar level of ETB in the fourth quarter as well, which would put the full year slightly above our historical four-year average recognizing that ETB is very volatile year-to-year. Fourth, investment. Given the numerous opportunities we see in the market, we've increased our level of investments spend in fiscal year 2018. Incremental investments include projects aimed at enhancing our digital offerings, executing at our cloud initiative, building out our data infrastructure supporting mutual funds and pursuing efficiency initiatives. These investments will strengthen our business over the medium to long term. Fifth and last, guidance. We're raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth in fiscal 2018 to a range of 31% to 35% from 27% to 31%, and our guidance for diluted EPS growth to a range of 28% to 33% from 22% to 26%, and we are reaffirming our other guidance measures. The guidance reflects our strong operating results, the incremental investments we are making in fiscal 2018, and the increase in ETB. Let's move to the slide starting with the revenue slide on page 7. In the third quarter, total revenues grew 6% to $1.1 billion with growth across the board in recurring, event-driven, and distribution revenues. Recurring fee revenues up 8% all-in, and 7% organic were the biggest contributor to growth with five points. On-boarding of new business or Closed sales as shown here was the largest organic contributor. Internal growth contributed four points to recurring fee revenues growth. About two-thirds of this came from our GTO segment where, as Tim noted, a 28% year-over-year increase of our clients' equity trade volumes and increased professional and managed services translate into a nice uptick in revenue. Acquisitions, primarily a combination of our MiFID solution, Message Automation and the Summit document management business, also contributed modestly to our recurring revenue growth. Event-driven revenues rose 9% in the third quarter, contributing one point to our overall revenue growth. Distribution revenues rose $9 million in the quarter, mainly driven by higher event-driven activity and contributed another point to revenue growth. You can find the nine-month year-to-date revenue results on slide 8, and I will skip ahead to slide 9. Adjusted operating income rose 13% to $152 million in the third quarter. Adjusted operating income margin rose 90 basis points to 14.1%. Our margins benefited from the strong organic growth, and we got a lift from internal growth, which is essentially a higher volume of activity over our existing infrastructure. The marginal profitability of that organic growth tends to be quite favorable. So, in this quarter, the uptick in trading volumes contributed nicely to margin expansion. In addition, higher event-driven revenues also contributed to growth in adjusted operating income. The impact to those higher volumes and healthy event-driven activity was partially offset by the incremental investments. We expect the level of those investments to pick up in the fourth quarter as we close out a number of projects. Adjusted EPS grew 45% or $0.31 to $1 per share. Approximately $0.12 of that growth came from the growth in core operating performance with the balance coming from a lower tax provision, including $0.13 from ETB, and $0.06 from the impact of the Tax Act. Broadridge's effective tax rate was 12.9% in the third quarter, down from 28.6% the same period last year. The biggest driver of the decline in effective tax rate was the $16 million ETB related to equity compensation, which lowered the tax rate by 12.5 percentage points. Excluding that benefit, the effective tax rate would have been 25.4%, which reflects the partial benefit from the Tax Act. Again, this kind of ETB is not unusual for Broadridge, but this is the first year of adopting new accounting rules for stock-based compensation, which required the ETB impact to be included in the income statement rather than solely as part of cash flows. You can find the nine-month year-to-date operating income and EPS results on slide 10, and I will move to slide 11 for a brief discussion of our ICS and GTO segment results. Our ICS segment had a solid quarter with revenue up 4% and earnings up 23%. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 5% to $403 million. On an organic basis, revenues rose 4% with balanced growth from both Net New Business and internal growth. Acquisitions contributed an additional one point to ICS recurring revenue growth. ICS earnings before taxes rose 23% to $93 million, driven by higher recurring fee revenues. Also, higher event-driven contest activity compensated for the large grow over from last year's strong mutual fund proxy activity. Our GTO segment continued to perform very well, growing its revenues 13% to $235 million. Organic growth is a very strong 12% with only a modest contribution from acquisitions. The biggest contributor to the strong organic growth was internal growth, which was boosted in part by the impact of higher trading volumes. In total, internal growth accounted for seven points of overall growth. Excluding losses, sales-driven growth added eight points, which matches the performance of the last two quarters. GTO earnings before taxes rose 34% to $57 million and margins grew by almost 400 basis points. Revenues associated with higher trading volumes tend to carry a higher degree of marginal profitability, and those volumes were an important driver to the GTO segment margin expansion in the quarter. Moving to slide 12, Broadridge generated $115 million of free cash flow in the third quarter and $204 million year-to-date. We invested $18 million in capital expenditures in the third quarter. We also spent $33 million to acquire ActivePath to enhance our digital communications capabilities across both our customer communications and governance businesses, and to acquire the Morningstar Fund Advisory product line to further add to our suite of data-driven solutions. As Rich and Tim have noted, we also continued to make progress in strengthening our blockchain capabilities. In fact, during the quarter, the achievement of certain development milestones triggered the payment of the final tranche of the total $135 million we spent to acquire the technology assets of Inveshare, the blockchain investment we made in fiscal 2017. All in, we have deployed approximately $103 million year-to-date for acquisitions. Finally, we continued to return capital to shareholders in the form of our dividend. Let's turn to guidance, which is laid out on slide 13. We are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 31% to 35% from 27% to 31%, and reaffirming our guidance for recurring revenue growth, total revenue growth, margins, free cash flow, and Closed sales. In addition, we are raising our GAAP diluted EPS growth guidance to 28% to 33%. Let me share a few thoughts on each point. Our recurring revenue guidance is unchanged. With Q3 year-to-date growth of 6%, we continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. We also continue to expect total revenue growth to be approximately 2% to 4%, which with 8% growth year-to-date implies contraction in the fourth quarter. Our outlook assumes event-driven revenues, while still on track for a record year, will decline by 30% to 40% in the fourth quarter due to lapping some significant mutual fund proxy activity in Q4 of last year. In addition, we do not see in our radar significant equity proxy contests similar to those at Qualcomm, ADP or P&G, although contest activity can spin up relatively quickly. We continue to expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16% as we expect to meet our margin expansion goals, while maintaining disciplined investment. The contraction in Q4 total revenues coupled with increased investment means that our adjusted operating income, which is up 32% year-to-date, will also contract in the fourth quarter. We are raising our outlook for adjusted EPS growth to 31% to 35%, up from 27% to 31%. Our revised adjusted EPS guidance incorporates our strong year-to-date performance, 63% growth in our outlook for the fourth quarter. Also included in our outlook is an increase in our ETB forecast assumption to $35 million for fiscal year 2018. Our prior forecast calls for $20 million of ETB. The expected $35 million of ETB on a net basis will contribute $0.27 for full year EPS results. Netting this all out implies single-digit adjusted EPS growth in the fourth quarter. Our free cash flow guidance remains at $500 million to $550 million. Finally, as Rich noted, we continue to expect Closed sales to be in the range of $170 million to $210 million. To close, Broadridge reported strong financial results. And with two months remaining, we are on track for a strong fiscal 2018. We're investing in our business through internal development and through acquisitions, and building on the demand for our governance, capital markets, and wealth management businesses. With our fiscal 2019 operating plan beginning to take shape, we are confident in our ability to deliver on these three-year financial objectives we set at our Investor Day in December and updated last quarter. We look forward to sharing with you our fiscal 2019 guidance on our August call. Back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. I'm on slide 14 of the presentation. I'll begin with a quick recap of the key highlights from today's call. First, Broadridge reported strong third quarter results. Next, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to 31% to 35%. And finally, Broadridge is on track to achieve its three-year Investor Day growth targets. To sum it up, we're pleased with our year-to-date performance and the operating momentum we are seeing in our business. One of the keys to our success over the past decade has been our focus on building long-term value for our clients, associates and shareholders. Our three-year objectives play an important role reminding us of that. When we sign long-term contracts either in our governance franchise or in our capital markets franchise, we are making a commitment to our clients that we'll provide high-quality services over the next five to seven years. And we are also implicitly committing to reinvest in those services and ensure that we are integrating new technologies into our product set. Today, these technologies include cloud-based applications, blockchain, AI, and digital capabilities. Our proven track record of delivering innovative and differentiated solutions to complex challenges that drive long-term value sets us apart from our competitors. And that's why I believe our 97% retention rate has room to improve. That longer-term focus is why we have increased our level of investment over the course of this year. As CEO, in a year with strong performance, it is an easy decision to make these investments, especially when I consider the growth opportunities in our governance and capital market franchises, as well as in wealth management. It's an easy call. One example of these investments is our acquisition of ActivePath last month. ActivePath's innovative digital technology will allow our clients to quickly compose and project the kind of digital content typically found on brand websites and apps into interactive e-mail with new levels of personalization, engagement and security. The ActivePath acquisition represents another step closing (33:04) in the creation of a powerful omni-channel communications platform for our clients. Investments like ActivePath, along with other ongoing investments in new technologies like blockchain and AI, and enhancing our fixed income network capabilities are a key reason why Broadridge is well-positioned to deliver long-term value to our clients and shareholders. I'm proud of our associates and the business we have built over the past three decades here at Broadridge. However, when I think about the potential opportunities that these investments represent, I have to believe that we are only just getting started into making Broadridge all it can become. I've said it before and I'll say it again today, it's really a great time to be at Broadridge. Before I turn the call over to Q&A, I want to thank my fellow Broadridge associates. Their commitment to the Service-Profit Chain is a driving force behind our success. Now, let's take your questions. Conesia?
Operator: Your first question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
Anthony Cyganovich - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. This is Anthony Cyganovich on behalf of David Togut. I was hoping could you quantify your prospect pipeline of potential new equity and fixed income trade processing contracts?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I'm going to start it off here. So, I believe what you are referring to is the sales activity. And so, again, we continue to feel very good about the pipeline we have. We believe that's directly correlated to the investments that we make in the business. I'm going to ask Tim to comment a little bit more about how those relationships are expanding with our clients because of these investments we're making. But overall, the ability to retain clients because of the quality of the services we have and the technology we're adding, and the ability to attract clients, whether it be for those (35:46) products are ready, as well as new offerings we have continues to be strong. But Tim, why don't you specifically talk about how these relationships are growing even deeper?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And just as a direct answer to the question, because our sales cycles are long if you look at our pipeline, it is multiples of what our annual sales are. And so, you had to really sort of take the next layer down. And I think the great news is that we have a strong pipeline across each of our franchises, governments communications, capital markets, wealth. Across all of these, what we're seeing is clients continuing to need to transform their business, to grow revenues, to reduce costs. And we're seeing that with existing clients, we're seeing it with new clients. It's a mix of both near term and long-term deals, and that's a mix that we obviously like.
Anthony Cyganovich - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. Just as a follow-up, could you talk about your acquisition pipeline now that you're nearly two years post the completion of the DST NACC business?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Well, the first thing I want to say is that our commitment to be good stewards of our shareholders' capital remains unchanged. So, we've been very happy with our efforts to-date and its ability to contribute value. The standards of having one clear strategic fit so that we're viewed as being the logical owner, all right, and an appropriate owner, where we can leverage our strong brand and distribution channel remains a clear criteria. Two, we set a pretty high financial return standard there as well. So candidly, I would have preferred a little more activity right now, in terms of successful results. But I assure you, we're very active out there and looking to continue to executing this strategy that has served us very well.
Anthony Cyganovich - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Heckmann with Davidson.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Hi. Good morning. Just following up, it looked like TD Ameritrade completed the Scottrade conversion. I just wanted to see if – you had said wait till that closes and we'll give you an update. So, any update there and any contribution in the quarter that we're calling out.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I'm sorry. Peter, was that a question about Scottrade?
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Yes. I'm sorry. Yeah.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Well, that continues to be pretty much the same as we have discussed previously. That deal closed and we continue to receive payments from the new owner. And continue to be in discussions with them about longer-term how we'll work together. So, there's not really any change to that from what we previously discussed.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Okay. Okay. And then just you alluded to this in your comments on the fourth quarter, but it appears to me the event-driven proxy business probably generated revenue around $280 million in fiscal 2018 and that's about $100 million more than your six year average in that business. Just based on market trends and other dynamics, preliminarily would you assume for fiscal 2019 that that event-driven proxy would revert to that multi-year average or are there things going on that may lead to stronger event-driven proxy compared to the prior six years?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pete, this is Jim. As you say, 2018 is shaping up to be a record year, which is terrific. We love it when this revenue comes in, we don't entirely anchor our business off of this. So we look forward to updating you in August. But as we think about 2019, clearly there's enough activity but we look more broadly across the whole business including the strong recurring revenue growth or the sales activity, which should set us up pretty nicely for next year and really our three-year horizon.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Pete, I'm going to add that I've been doing this now pretty close to four decades. And event-driven, although not as predictable as the strong percentage of recurring revenue we have, has consistently grown and it's terrific in that it's going through a relatively fixed cost infrastructure and it's adding value at a very nice rate, which gives us lots of flexibility to do other things including the investments. So from my point of view, event-driven for a very, very long period of time in my career has been a high-quality additive that's consistently grown over that period of time, and may be a little bit of year-to-year blipping here and there. But I anticipate that it will continue to grow and with technology we'll even have more opportunities to bring new activities into some of these dialogues. For example, in proxy contest, social activity should give us some very good opportunities as we go forward, not just for a proxy contest, but also for giving issuers a better way to communicate with their base in the way that these consumers and shareholders are used to getting communications.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Okay. That's helpful. And just to clarify then, you're saying you believe event-driven will grow from this date in fiscal 2018, in 2019 or it will just grow over time?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Rich was saying it will grow over time. We take a long-term perspective. It's grown very nicely over time. We'll give you our latest thinking in August on what we think next year. But I think the real takeaway, Pete, is the business is really well balanced right now and we think we can achieve our growth objectives through a variety of ways.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Yeah. Yeah. No question, the rest of the business is doing quite well. I just wanted to clarify that issue.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. It's Chris Donat here. I wanted to ask first on the Closed sales guidance because it implies that your June quarter would be a record quarter of something like $70 million to $110 million. I guess, Rich, what I'm curious about is you sound very confident about it. How do you feel about the timing of this? Do you really care if it's a June quarter event given that it appears that you've got a lot of large deals in there?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, Chris, first of all, my cardiologist isn't that concerned yet because there's a reasonable amount of time to go and we've had significant fourth quarter sales closed activity, for the majority of years I've been running Broadridge and running the business. So, it's to some degree nature of the beast. Second of all, what we have is we have multiple ways we see in which we can achieve our targets for the year and we're pursuing all of those.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then just because it sounds like you do have some larger Closed sales out there, are those the sort of things that might not hit FY 2019 revenues, as it takes a while to implement them? Or am I thinking about them as being too big if that...
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, I'll break it into two parts, Chris. So first of all, we see, on the multiple paths we have to achieve the targets, there were some very large deals that we're looking at, but we see clear ways to achieve the guidance without the largest of deals. With that said, we like all of it to happen, but it will play out over the time. So, now for the large of a deal, generally speaking, that would mean a longer conversion period. One of the things I specifically pointed out in my comments was the Closed sales backlog we have right now yet to be implemented gives us confidence as we look at 2019 and even over the next 12 to 18 months. So, I really like what we did in Investor Day, where Jim gave you some insight into that sales backlog and we're discussing how we can make that something more consistent we can give you. Hopefully, we'll be there when we talk about 2019 or during the 2019 fiscal year.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then one question for Tim. Tim, you commented that full-year stock record growth looks like it will be around 10% for the fiscal year. Any commentary, I mean it's been better than it has been in some recent years. Any commentary on what's likely driving that growth?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I think, as you know, this has been – the long-term trends here have been pretty steady and the long-term trend is sort of mid single-digits. It's above that right now. I think the markets have been very strong this fiscal year. The leading indicators that you tend to see here are fund flows. That's sort of an example of sort of driving in the sort of the retail side. I think the other factors above sort of the overall market activity in addition though are the continued growth of managed accounts, the continued growth of global advisors which tend to create additional positions above and beyond market activity and those are trends that we see continuing.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good quarter, guys. Can you update us on the $250 million backlog you disclosed in December? Maybe qualitative comment there will be helpful. And also if you can talk about how's backlog converting into revenue?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, Puneet, it's Jim. Yeah. The backlog, as Rich mentioned, we'll plan to sort of try to give you some visibility. But, in short, as you recall, we talked about, as of December, about $250 million in backlog. We continue to chip away at that, continue to add sales. It's probably right now in an equilibrium as we add more and convert more. Obviously, with this fourth quarter, we hope to build significantly on that backlog. As Rich mentioned, it gives us great visibility into next year and even into 2020, which puts us in a really good position for planning in particular investments, which is great. And then, sort of as we think about the onboarding that we're seeing, we've really had some strong contributions from those Closed sales numbers. In particular, I mentioned GTO growing at 8% on a Closed sales basis from revenue. So, that's a really high rate of adds. And if we think about all in for Broadridge, we've been in the neighborhood of about 6 points of growth coming from our Closed sales, so continues to produce really strong revenue growth and obviously the visibility that comes with it.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And it's been almost a year since NACC client issues. How should we think about long-term growth in that business? It seems like a great strategy. So, is it just about adding logos or is there anything else you need to do to get there?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Puneet, this is Tim. And, look, we feel very pleased with the progress. We were pleased to see our customer communications turn to growth this quarter. I think, longer term, we continue to see a lot of client belief in our thesis around omni-channel communications delivery which is on the physical side, but also on the digital side, and that combination we're seeing a lot of appetite both in client discussions and in our sales pipeline. And so, while the next few quarters with implementation timelines and with a little bit of uncertain timing of the run-off of significant clients that we knew was leaving at the time of the acquisition, the next couple of quarters are little difficult to predict. But, long term, we feel very nice about the thesis and we feel very nice about the long-term growth prospects there.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for joining us on the call. We appreciate your interest in Broadridge, and we look forward to updating you on future calls. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Edings Thibault - Head of Investor Relations Rich Daly - Chief Executive Officer Tim Gokey - President and Chief Operating Officer Jim Young - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Peter Heckmann - D. A. Davidson David Togut - Evercore ISI Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Puneet Jain - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Edings Thibault: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning to everybody on our call, and welcome to Broadridge's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slide that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our CEO; Tim Gokey, our President and COO; and Jim Young, our CFO. Before I turn the call over to management team, a few standard reminders. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of our use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Edings. Good morning, everyone. Having a record quarter, lower taxes and higher guidance, makes it a really exciting time to be at Broadridge. So let’s get into it. I will start this morning with some of the highlights of our second quarter results. Tim will provide an overview of our two segments. And then Jim will review our financials and walk you through our revised 2018 guidance and three year financial objectives. I will then close with some of my thoughts on steps we are taking to further strengthen and grow our governance and capital markets franchises and even better position the company for future growth. Broadridge delivered very strong second quarter results. Total revenues rose 13% to just over $1 billion, driven by $68 million increase in event driven market units and recurring revenue growth of 5%. The growth in event-driven revenues contributed to strong 63% growth and adjusted operating income to $137 million. Adjusted EPS aided by lower tax rate more than doubled to $0.79. Closed sales were $39 million in the second quarter down from $56 million in the second quarter of 2017. On 2017 second quarter numbers, benefited from a large sale to a key client and excluding that sale, closed sales would been up 13%. More important than the sales results of any single quarter are pipeline strong and the quality of our dialogs with key clients around transformational initiatives remains high. We continue to be pleased with the strength of our event driven revenues. During the quarter, Broadridge benefited from both a proxy vote at one of the largest global mutual complexes, as well as activist campaigns at two large equity companies. In all of these cases, corporate issuer and mutual funds rely on Broadridge to communicate with millions of investors and accurately count tens of millions of books, highlighting the importance of our governance franchise to the investment process. By definition event driven activity does not reoccur on a predictable annual cycle, but the activity behind these results is very much apply of the corporate governance process, and Broadridge plays a critical role in enabling these activities. When mutual fund complexes go out for a proxy vote every five or so years, they are able to do so because Broadridge built and maintained an infrastructure that enables them to communicate with its fund holders to get the approvals they need on governance matters. Prior to Broadridge consolidating these activities, this was a dramatically more costly and less accurate process. When activist investors want to make sure their voice is heard at the board level, they too can tap into an on-demand infrastructure that enables them to get their message directly to shareholders in which quickly and accurately tabulates votes, so that all sides know where they stand and have confidence in the outcome as it relates to the votes processed by Broadridge. While event driven revenues can vary from year-over-year, the underlying growth drivers are the same as they are for our recurring revenues, mainly mutual fund and EPS interim record growth and equity stock record growth. To give you a sense of this underlying growth rate, our last event driven revenue record was in 2010 when we recorded $256 million of event driven revenues. In that year, driven by exceptional reincorporation and merger activity, 50% of all mutual fund positions went out for proxy vote. This year, we expect to record an even stronger event driven revenue year on the back of only 28% of fund positions going to proxy. So a much smaller percentage of the market is driving a similar or even greater amount of revenue and that’s because the total number of mutual fund and EPS investors has increased in line with the 8% average annual growth in mutual fund and interim records that we have reported since 2010. So while event driven revenues can vary from year-over-year, the underlying activities are a core part of the value we offer to clients and the revenue to some are very much linked to our long-term growth story. The other good news with regard to our financial results is taxes. Approximately 80% of our business is in the United States, so corporate tax cuts will be a big benefit to our earnings and cash flow. General spend onetime on the impact of these changes on our results and outlook, but let me share some of my thoughts. The biggest beneficiary will be our shareholders as these cuts raise are earnings. To reflect that impact, we are raising our three year adjusted EPS growth objective to 14% to 18% from 9% to 13%. Keep in mind that our capital allocation policy includes a 45% dividend payout ratio, so investors should also anticipate benefiting directly in the form of higher dividends tied to those earnings. Another benefit that these tax cuts will give us is greater flexibility to invest in our business and to our associates. For example, we're taking this opportunity to invest in our associates by raising hourly compensation, non-management bonuses and improving our benefits. As always, we will continue to look for additional ways to deploy your capital to those long-term returns. And now, our 2018 guidance. On the back of our strong first half results and the positive impact from the U. S. corporate tax cuts, we are raising our guidance across three important metrics. One, we are raising the top end of our total guidance to 2% to 4% from 2% to 3% on the back of the record first half event driven revenues. Two, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to 27% to 31% from 15% to 19% to reflect our strong operating performance and a reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate. And three, we are raising our free cash flow guidance to $500 million to $550 million from $400 million to $450 million. Let me now turn it over to Tim for a review of our businesses.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Rich. Let’s turn to slide five for a brief business update. Both the Broadridge’s segments, investment and communications and global technology and operation, continue to perform very well. ICS total revenues recurring, event driven and distribution, rose 14%. As Rich discussed, event driven activity was very strong across mutual funds for a leading complex under proxy, and also due to continued shareholder activism, that cap to very strong first half of the year. ICS recurring fee revenue growth was 5% in the second quarter, excluding customer communications. A healthy stock market in Q2 helped drive growth across our governance franchise, especially for our recurring equity proxy and mutual fund and ETF interim products. Mutual fund interim volumes rose 10% in the second quarter, reflecting the strong levels of inflows into mutual funds and ETFs over the past 15 months. Equity stock growth was also very strong at 12% that helps drive 6% growth in regulatory communications revenue. Other ICS revenues rose 3% as strong demand for our data and analytics and our wealth management products is partially offset by revenue delays in our tax pipeline. Demand for our data and analytics products remain strong, including a noble new mandate to provide regulatory compliance solution to major financial services firm. Customer communications declined 1%. These revenues continued to be impacted by the expected roll off from our prior customers. These roll off that we have flagged from the beginning of the BRCC acquisition. Before we turn to our GTO segment, I want to circle back to our event driven revenues. As Rich noted, these activities are an integral part for the corporate governance infrastructure that Broadridge provide. At about 9% of our overall fee revenues, in most years the ebbs and flows of these activities have had only a limited impact on our full year results. As said in fiscal 2018, it proven to be a strong contributor. So it’s worthwhile to share our outlook for the second half of the year. Roughly 50% of event driven revenues are tied to mutual funds and are driven by the mutual fund complexes to seek shareholder approval for changes to their voice, as well as through other actions. For the largest fund complexes, these can be huge undertakings. For example, on behalf of a very large fund company that undertook a proxy vote in the second quarter, Broadridge will be capped more than $35 million beneficial accounts holding more than 175 funds and process over 15 million votes on our digital platform. Thanks to the investments we have made, fewer than 20% of these accounts we see at physical mailing, which means that our efforts to enable digital alternatives saves that complex tens of millions of dollars. The end result with this fund complex was successful and reaching its massive populating shareholders with these proposals. Some companies generally undergo these types of votes every five to seven years. The past three quarters have seen the two largest mutual fund and ETF complexes in the world to go out for shareholder vote, which has had a very positive impact on event driven revenues in both the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 as well as second quarter of 2018. As a result, we expect the mutual fund proxy activity to be lower in the second half of 2018 than in 2017. Another significant driver of our event driven revenues is competitive corporate issue elections. Broadridge’s first half results benefited from proxy contests at two held companies. Last year’s results benefited from similar contests at GM and our products. While these contests are not being repeated, we think the trend toward shareholder activist increases the likelihood of similar campaigns going forward. So while event driven revenues do vary from year-to-year, I want to echo what we’ve shared a few months ago. Underlying growth drives of these revenue, income record growth and stock record growth are the same drivers that underpin our recurring revenues and are an ongoing part of our long-term growth story. Let’s move to GTO. Our GTO segment continues to perform very well with revenue growth of 10% in the quarter. Growth is driven by revenue from sales in North American Wealth Management and in global capital markets. Higher trading volumes, especially in North America also contributed to growth. While smaller absolute contributor, investment management grew nicely at over 15% year-on-year. We had two notable capital markets we entered during the quarter. We made an important sale of Tier 1 global investment bank corporation actions and which will migrate more than half dozen different platforms to our new global multi-asset platform. The second was a sale of our managed services capabilities for large North American bank. That sale we now have 33 clients at our full service post trade processing technology in managed services platform. Both sales are great examples of how we continue to grow our capital markets franchise and helping leading clients simplify and improve absolute their technology and operations model and leveraging our multi-client managed services approach. Finally, continue to invest support the market leadership of our key franchises during the second quarter. To support our governance franchise, we continue to invest in three areas. First, we’re continuing to push the envelope while bringing block chain capability to the proxy market. Broadridge recently completed second stages of pilot program with key global clients, which enable all members in network to actively participate at the platform, writing, modifying and confirming transactions. This intern grow benefits we had enhanced transparency and remove the need for reconciliations. The success of the second stage is one step closer toward the implementation on the global product changes solutions. We also completed the build of a U.S. proxy platform using block chain technology. We have a first client in production on that platform, which we want to parallel with the traditional platform this proxy season. Second, the investment in our digital capabilities extending our interactive digital communications capabilities into transactional reporting and creating a focused digital sales team. Third, we continue to make progress on working with mutual funds and regulators on enhanced reporting solutions. We think we’ll increase engagement to investors and funds, while significantly reducing funds communication costs. We're also investing in our capital markets franchise with continued investment in our Global Post Trade Management platform, and we have completed our major go live for major Q1 bank in Europe and are now phasing in additional markets. I am very proud our worldwide team that completed this unique global neutralization capability. We also initiated a global actions investment, I mentioned earlier. On the fixed income side, we are working with market leaders by utilizing our broad market reach to create network value by increasing liquidity, shortening sale on the times, and improving sales mention. Finally, on the global front. We took another step forward in formalizing our commitment to our global clients by formally creating Broadridge International, headed by Tom Carey. Many of you met Tom at our Investor Day, to better serve our global and key digital clients by bringing together all our efforts outside North America. I will now turn the call over to Jim to provide a review of our financial results.
Jim Young: Thanks, Tim and good morning, everyone. I'll make a few call-outs to begin and then start by comments with a review of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act impact to our tax rate. First, we have very strong second quarter. Total revenues were up 13% and strong adjusted EPS was up 103%. Event driven activity power the very strong results in our ICS segment and our GTO business continue to perform very well. Second, taxes. The Tax Acts will generate an approximately 10 percentage point reduction in our effective tax compared to fiscal year 2017 to fiscal 2019, which will be our first full fiscal year at the lower rate. The changes to the tax law also had a notable impact on our reported earnings in the second quarter, driving $0.08 of the $0.40 adjusted EPS growth. Third, free cash flow. Broadridge had a very strong free cash flow quarter, driven in large part by the elevated event driven activity in the first half of the fiscal year in client pre payments. Fourth, guidance. As Rich noted, we're raising our total revenue guidance from 2% to 3%, to 2% to 4% to account for the big event driven activity. We're also raising our adjusted EPS growth guidance to 27% to 31% to reflect the impact of a lower U.S. federal tax rate and the strength of our operating performance. Embedded in our guidance is our expectation for a record year of event driven revenues. We're also raising our free cash flow guidance by $100 million to $500 million to $550 million for the year. Finally, we are updating our objective for a three year compounded annual growth rate for adjusted EPS. We are increasing the range from 9% to 13% to 14% to 18% to reflect the lower tax rate. Turning to the slides, I will start my comment with a review of the expected impact of the tax impact on Broadridge’s financials. I’ll use slide six as an aid as I review the impact. In here I will highlight three different rates, our GAAP rate, our GAAP rate adjusted for none recurring charges related to the Tax Act and our GAAP rate adjusted for the non-recurring charges and the excess tax benefit. As I review the impact, please remember that Broadridge’s pre-tax earnings are approximately 80% U.S. based. The headline is as follows. Broadridge’s tax rate will drop approximately 10 percentage points. Using the GAAP rate excluding net charges and the excess tax benefit, we expect our rate will go from 337 in fiscal year 2017 to about 24% in fiscal ’19, our first full year of the Tax Act benefit. In fiscal 2018, we expect the same rate to be around 28% as we get a half year’s benefit from the tax act. Including an assumption for the access tax benefit and still excluding the non-recurring charges, we expect a fiscal ’18 tax rate of around 25%. It is this rate of 25%, which is embedded in our fiscal ’18 adjusted EPS guidance. I’ll now explain by period the various components and their impacts. As you know, the tax act lowered the federal rate from 35% to 21%. This rate naturally exclude the impact of state and local taxes, foreign taxes and the street items. Given our June 30th fiscal year end, we apply a blended rate of 28% to fiscal 2018, which represents 50% weighting of the old and new rates. In fiscal 2019, we’ll see a full year rate at 21%. With respect to our second quarter, we applied the blended rate of 28% to the quarter’s U.S. earnings and we recorded tax reduction catch up for the first quarter which we reported at the old higher rate. More than offsetting this lower rate and the first full quarter catch up, was a non-recurring $16 million net tax charge. The Tax Act’s repatriation transition tax triggered $32 million in U.S. and foreign withholding charges related to the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and earnings being repatriated for U.S. tax purposes. These charges were offset by $16 million tax benefit from the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities. These items netted out to $16 million expense and have been excluded from our calculation of adjusted EPS. The corresponding tax rate with this exclusion is 24.3%. Last but not least, the impact of the access tax benefit related to equity compensation. We now expect a full year excess tax benefit of $20 million. We previously expected $25 million benefit with the difference being driven by the new lower rate. Through the first six months, we’ve recorded only $3 million benefit so we expect a bigger impact in the second half of the year. All-in, the Tax Act accounts for approximately $0.08 of adjusted EPS growth in both Q2 and Q2 year-to-date. I will briefly recap all of this. We expect our full year effective tax rate for fiscal 2018, excluding the $16 million charge, to be approximately 25%. That’s roughly 4 percentage points coming from the excess tax benefit. For fiscal 2019, we preliminarily expect our full year tax rate to be around 24%, excluding any excess tax benefit. With a placeholder assumption foreign an excess tax benefit, our rate could be around 23% in fiscal year 2019. From a capital perspective and by virtue to transition tax, the Tax Act will result in modestly more capital flexibility. We do not hold significant cash balances in our international locations. We will be able to bring back available funds in the U.S. at some point in the future. However, we do not expect to repatriate meaningful funds from our international locations back to the U.S. during this fiscal year. For completeness, please note that there are many provisions to the Tax Act that are relevant to Broadridge, but the other provisions while involved, effectively net to a neutral impact. To wrap up this review, I think one important caveat. Our tax event done a magnificent job in analyzing impact to the tax bill but as is case for everyone, this is still new law and Tony close out the year we may adjust these estimates based on revised interpretation or any new regulatory guidance that maybe issued. Let’s move on to a quick recap of our financial results. Second quarter 2018 recurring fee revenues rose 5% to $562 million and total revenues rose 13% to $1.13 billion. Adjusted operating income rose 63% to $137 million and adjusted EPS rose 103% to $0.79 per share. As I said at the outset, very strong numbers. Let’s turn to slide seven for a quick review of our second quarter revenue drivers, starting with total revenues and then recurring fee revenues. Total revenues grew 13% to over $1 billion with growth across the board in event driven, distribution and recurring fee revenues. Event driven activity was very strong again in the second quarter, rising 227% to $97 million, as a result of a very large mutual fund proxy that Rich referenced and continued strong contest activity. In total, event driven revenues added 8 points to our total revenue growth in the quarter. Recurring fee revenues grew 5% in the second quarter. Organic recurring fee revenue growth was 4%. Onboarding of new business or closed sales as shown here was the largest organic contributor. Internal growth is also a positive contributor. Distribution revenues rose $25 million in the quarter, mainly driven by higher event driven activity. Turning to slide nine. Adjusted operating income rose 63% to $137 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The increase in adjusted operating income flowed through to our margins, which rose 420 basis points year-over-year to 13.6%. Most of that growth was driven by $68 million increase in event driven revenues with a smaller portion attributable to the increase in recurring revenues. As I noted last quarter, changes and event driven revenues like recurring proxy revenues, typically generate higher levels of marginal profitability, because they leverage an existing cost infrastructure. So a sharp uptick in event driven activity like the levels we have seen in Q1 and Q2 tends to flow through to our adjusted operating income line at a high marginal rate relative to our overall profitability. A much smaller driver of our adjusted operating and growth was the impact of our organizational efficiency and alignment initiatives that we implemented over the past two quarters. We’re pleased with the results of these initiatives. The combination of the 63% increased in adjusted operating income and the lower tax rate drove 103% increase in our adjusted EPS to $0.79. We also received a slight boost from 1% reduction in our diluted weighted average share count resulting from the shares we repurchased over the course of fiscal 2017. The share of purchase benefit was partially offset by the increase in the diluted share count due to the adoption of the new stock based compensation accounting guidance. And moving to slide 11, and before diving into our segment results, I’ll make an administrative note about a change to our segment reporting. As part of our ongoing efforts to align our businesses more effectively around the needs of our clients, we have moved two small buy side focused product lines from our ICS business to GTO. These two lines accounted for $6 million in revenues and a small operating loss in the second quarter of 2018. This internal reorganization had no impact on our reported consolidated results. In the appendix of the webcast presentation, you’ll find our quarterly segment results for fiscal 2017 in the first and second quarter of fiscal 2018 shown on this basis. Now I will discuss the second quarter performance of our ICS and GTO segments. Our ICS segment had a very strong quarter with revenue up 14% and earnings up 255%. As Tim highlighted, much of this growth was from event driven revenues, which in turn led to an increase in distribution revenues. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 2% to $334 million. On organic basis, recurring revenues rose 1% as an increase in sales driven growth was partially offset by lower internal growth. The decline in internal growth was from some expected decline in customer communications revenues and from the tax product line item that Tim referenced. Both of these factors more than offset strong mutual fund and interim position growth of 10% and stock record growth of 12%. ICS earnings before taxes rose 52% to $72 million, mainly from elevated levels of event-driven activity. Our GTO segment continued its strong performance growing its revenue 10% to $228 million. Organic growth was 8% with an additional 2 points of growth coming from the acquisitions made in fiscal 2017. Much of that organic growth resulted from Net New Business, as Broadridge continue to extend the reach of its capital markets and wealth businesses and work through the implementation backlog created by the record sales in recent years. Equity trading volumes remained strong contributing to internal growth. GTO earnings before taxes rose 14% to $51 million as we continue to realize positive operating leverage driven by organic growth. Moving to slide 12. Broadridge generated $219 million of free cash flow in the second quarter, which more than offset the first quarter seasonal cash outflow, resulting in $89 million year-to-date free cash flows. Increased event driven revenues were a major contributor to growth in the year-to-date free cash flows as were the notable client pre-payments. Turning to capital deployment. Broadridge invested $17 million in capital expenditures in the second quarter. We acquired Summit Financial in October for $26 million net of cash acquired. As a reminder, Summit is an approximately $15 million three year revenue, financial management business and contributed modestly to our second quarter ICS revenues. We also made a very small tuck in acquisition to strengthen our mutual fund board advisory unit by acquiring Morningstar’s fund advisory business. That acquisition closed on January 2nd, so is not in our quarterly numbers. We returned $43 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend. We did not undertake any significant share repurchase activity in the quarter. Given the recurring theme of tax act today, I will spend just a moment on its cash flow implications before finishing off with guidance. We expect the Tax Act will result in $50 million plus less in taxes annual. In many respects, there is no change to our modus operandi. We are always evaluating investment opportunities, including reinvesting in our associates as Rich highlighted earlier. And of course, our shareholders will participate in a tax reduction to our dividend, equating to 45% of adjusted earnings and possible incremental share repurchase. Let's turn to guidance. We’re raising our guidance to reflect the impact of the new tax law, as well as our strong year-to-date results. The revised fiscal year 2018 guidance can be found on slide 13. Our recurring revenue guidance is unchanged. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect total revenue growth to be 2% to 4%, up 2% to 3%. The primary driver of the strong event driven activity that has helped power our year-to-date results and it should be offset in contraction and low margin distribution revenues. We are now projecting a record event driven year of around $260 million to $270 million. After a record first half, we expect second half event driven revenues to be approximately 25% to 30% lower versus fiscal 2017 for the reasons that Tim cited. We continue to expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16% as we expect to meet our margin expansion goals, while maintaining disciplined investments in the business as Rich discussed. We are raising our outlook for adjusted EPS growth to 27% to 31%, up from our 15% to 19%. Roughly two-thirds of that increase is related to the Tax Act with the balance being driven by operating performance. We now expect the impact to the excess tax benefit to be $20 million or about five percentage points of adjusted EPS growth versus our prior assumption of $25 million and 6 points of growth under the previous higher tax rate. We are raising our guidance for free cash flow by $100 million to $500 million to $550 million. Finally, we continue to expect closed sales to be in a range $170 million to $210 million. Before I turn it back to Rich, I’d like to quickly revisit the three year growth objectives we laid out at our Investor Day on December 5th. That can be found on slide 14. These objectives remained unchanged except for adjusted EPS, which we have reset to incorporate the new lower corporate tax rate. Accordingly, we are raising our adjusted EPS growth objective to 14% to 18% from 9% to 13%. We are on track to achieve all of these objectives. With that, I’ll hand the call back to Rich for his closing remarks.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Tim. I’m on slide 15 of the presentation. Let’s review again the key points from our core. First, Broadridge reported very strong second quarter results. Total revenue rose 13%, recurring revenues rose 5%, and strong event driven activity contributed to 63% growth in adjusted operating income. That growth and the impact of a lower tax rate drove a 103% growth and adjusted EPS to $0.79. We’re on track to hit our full year sales guidance of $170 million to $210 million. We closed some important sales in the quarter. Our pipeline is strong and I am very encouraged by the quality of our dialogues with key clients around how Broadridge can help them to transform their businesses. After a record first half for event driven revenues and with the cut in corporate taxes, we are raising our guidance for total revenue growth, adjusted EPS growth and free cash flow. And finally, we are raising our three year adjusted EPS growth objectives to reflect the impact of lower U. S. corporate taxes. The theme of our Investor Day, two months ago was, Ready for Next. Ready for Next is a statement of our commitment to clients that Broadridge is well positioned to help them pursue targeted and meaningful opportunities to transform their businesses across governance, capital markets and wealth management. A central tenant in that commitment is our willingness to invest in and grow our core governance and capital market franchises to drive value for our clients and shareholders. At Broadridge, we define a franchise as a business with a truly differentiated value proposition and which creates network value. In order to sustain those value propositions and expand the network value we can deliver, we continue to reinvest for the benefit of our clients and shareholders. To support our governance clients, we are investing to expand our digital capabilities, so that we can enable both our governance and communication clients to enhance the effectiveness and reduce the cost of communicating with shareholders and customers. We’re also investing in ways to enhance regulatory reporting for our mutual fund clients to do the same for their communications with fund holders. Consistent reinvestment has been absolutely critical to reinventing our GTO business and building our capital market franchise. Over the past several years, we have invested in the underlying technology, increased our engagement with clients and invested in our leadership. The addition of new clients to our multi-client managed services platform and this quarter’s sale of a new corporate action solution to a major bank that Tim mentioned, are more proof points that this strategy is creating value for clients. We’re also making progress in extending our fixed income product sweet to drive increased network value. As always, we have balanced the imperative to reinvest with the need to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. This year, we will be deploying some on the upside from our record event driven revenues back into our business, making additional targeted investments to boost growth, as well as drive operational improvements. On the growth side, we’ll be making investments to enhance our data and analytics products, and to accelerate client on-boarding among other uses. In addition, we will step-up certain investments in our digital capabilities, our cloud initiatives and in strengthening our suite of tools for the wealth management firm office. We expect all of these investments to drive additional value for our clients and shareholders. We’ll also be investing in our associates. Given our strong results, clear plan for long-term growth and the benefits we expect from the changes to our tax rates, the time is right to adjust our compensation and benefits policies to ensure we continue attract and retain highly engaged, hard working and the highest skilled associates. We think these changes will further ensure that Broadridge remains the employer of choice that we already are. First, we are implementing $15 minimum wage this year for our U.S. associates. Next, we are raising the bonus target to $1,750 for our non-management North American associates, and by 40% for associates elsewhere around the world. These bonuses are paid based on client satisfaction scores, and creating direct link between client satisfaction and employee compensation. Finally, we’ll making enhancements to our family leave and vacations benefits, as well as doubling the company match for [indiscernible]. Broadridge is committed to remaining an employer of choice. And a key attraction of working here is our incredible culture where committed, caring and ethical associates treat each other with respect, take pride in the important work we do and do the right thing. That's why I was not surprised when an independent survey showed our associate engagement scores increased again last year. I am confident that these changes will further increase employee engagement, enhance client satisfaction and deliver positive returns for our shareholders. The investments we have made and we’ll continue to make in our products, technology and people, are key reason why we, the Broadridge management team, firmly believe that we're better positioned than ever to drive long-term and sustainable growth. Before I conclude, I want to welcome Pam Carter who was elected to our Board of Directors at our November annual meeting. Her deep and varied experience in both the private and public sector will complement our already strong board, and I look forward to working with her. My last comments as always are directed to my fellow associates. It’s worth remembering that behind the strong financial results we reported this morning is a tremendous amount of hard work by more than 10,000 Broadridge associates. I want to thank all of them for their commitment to delivering value to our clients. It really is a great time to be at Broadridge. Let me now turn the call over to you for your questions. Natalia, the operator, will take those questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Peter Heckmann with Davidson.
Peter Heckmann: I didn’t hear it in the prepared comments. Could you give you an update on the acquisition of Scottrade and the disposition of that relationship with Broadridge?
Tim Gokey: As you know, that transaction closed in September and we have ongoing dialog with TD on this. There hasn’t really been any change in strategy. I would say the dialogs were very positive. We have a variety of solutions that they may chose from employee going forward. And we would expect to conclude something around this, sometime the next 12 months.
Peter Heckmann: And then just remind me, Scottrade, did go live on Broadridge platform, correct?
Tim Gokey: It did not go live but contractually TD is paying minimums during the time period.
Peter Heckmann: And then just quick follow up on bookings. I know bookings can lumpy. How do you think about market sentiment in terms of, I mean it sounds like the market continues to move toward the area that you’ve been moving toward in terms of utilities, large outsourcing deals. But how does the large deal pipeline look for potential deals to be signed during the next couple of quarters?
Tim Gokey: I specifically tried to give you a sense in the call, let me elaborate on that. So overall, the quality of dialogs and the level within the organization we’re having these dialogs, continues to improve. The reality is that with 33 clients on the managed service platform, we’ve crossed from chasm from going from early adaptors into the mass mar. And when you have a proven model and an industry that continues to say they’re looking to neutralize cost, Broadridge’s program was -- we're the only viable model why they are working out there. And everything else is pretty much a theoretical dialog. So we’re in many active dialogues. Now as you know these dialogues are not -- if you want to have a cup a coffee but there, it’s very, very complicated. One of the things I find encouraging to the long-term is that the more successful we become at this, the larger the scope the client wants to have in the dialogue to make it even more transformative than it already is. So I view the long-term position to be very, very good and we remain encouraged about where we are for this year and even looking forward to next year based on the current dialogues. You’re right, it is lumpy. I always say though we’re meeting something in a headline if a deal closes in June versus July given the ongoing climate really doesn’t mean anything to Broadridge and our long-term results. But we will clearly keep you posted, but the pipeline is as healthy as ever and the dialogues are better than they look.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: I have two questions. First really relates to the rise in activism as we’ve seen in the P&G and ADP proxy fights. And I’m wondering if you’re assuming any continued increase in activism in your long-term growth objectives?
Tim Gokey: Dave, I’ve been doing as a real long time. And the reality is that activism has become an asset class. And the reality is, is that an activist can create gains for their investments even when they don’t win the contest. So although, it’s very difficult to plan and we’re probably not going to put anything into our numbers until something is announced. And by the way, the announced theme, they actually enter into a contest not threatening and direct to contest. We’re not going to be putting anything into are thinking about the near-term results. With that said, I do expect the activism just based on the trend we’ve seen to continue. And I do think it’s going to be adding to event driven overall over any multiyear period.
JimYoung: As you recall, we gave our multiyear growth objective that assume in the neighborhood of couple of hundred million dollars a year in event driven revenue, which is in line with an historical average. And as Rich said, it doesn’t assume the type of contest activity we’ve seen. But we’re also somewhat optimistic that that’s a real possibility.
David Togut: And then as a follow up, any update on the timing of conversion of the Tier 1 bank you signed, both the fixed income trade processing and equity trade processing about a year ago?
Tim Gokey: We have gone live with a major milestone with the European Bank that we talked about. And that is now in multiple markets. We’re continuing to and including their largest market, and now we’re continuing to roll that out to other markets over the next few months. And with respect to the fixed income budget we talked about, that is scheduled go live sometime in this next quarter.
Rich Daly: And going back to the sales question earlier, that’s another proof point to the market that the industry is look into neutralize cost Broadridge has the leader tangible and live solution.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Rich, I wanted to ask question on your prepared remarks related to the pipeline and the quality discussions you’re having. I was just curious if with the in six weeks since the Tax Act. Has that changed anything in how clients are looking at the world and thinking about investments, or is it too soon to tell or is it no change?
Rich Daly: Chris, it’s a good question. One of the things that you have to look at, and I feel it every day, is that although our industry is doing better it’s not that ROE is at a record levels. In any cases, it’s still not where they wanted to be, where they needed to be. There’s two types of dialogues going on at the execution level on these organizations, the cost pressure on the senior management, keeping the light on every day, is as high as it’s ever been. So it does two things. The willingness for them to look at ways to cut costs is very high and has still continued pricing discussion, which I just consider as okay. As interesting though at the more senior level given the fact that it’s no longer the outliers or the early adapters that have gone to our full scale solutions. At the C-suite level, there is more dialogue about help me understand more how this will work in my organization. So I don’t see tax is having any change in this dialogue one way or the other.
Chris Donat: Then just also related to the pipeline curious, because your closed sales for the first half of the year, it only $62 million. The target is $170 million to $210 million. So it seems back end loaded. Is that your confidence in that closed sales, does that reflect the strength in the pipeline or stuff you’ve closed in the last few weeks at one part of the quarter?
Rich Daly: Chris, the sales generally tend historically to be back end loaded. We have lots of people who work very hard to make their numbers. And we generally have a pretty strong fourth quarter. Large sales can make the year smoother. And as we noted, we really haven’t had any significant large sales year-to-date versus last year. So I am and looking at this as we expect to be in the range. If we could bring in some large sales that could certainly help us to be even stronger. But as I said earlier, whether sales closes in June or July or August, wherever it is, I am more concerned is it a 12 month implementation or is it a 24 month implementation, candidly then I am if the sale closes a month or two earlier, one way or the other. So all-in-all, let me put it to you this way, because I know you ask me about this all the time. My cardiologist right now doesn’t have any concerns about where we are.
Chris Donat: So it’s just a little different cadence from last year and may be last year was more of the exception and this is more of the normal backend loaded?
Rich Daly: Chris, if I have the choice of getting things earlier in the year, later in year, you know we’re always going to pick earlier in the year, whether it’d be sales, event driven revenues or be it in plan. With that said, I'm very pleased where Broadridge is, at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Puneet Jain with JP Morgan.
Puneet Jain: Is there any change in your M&A focus given the cash upside from the Tax Act? And which areas you will look for potential targets, acquisition targets?
Rich Daly: Our M&A activities, as you know, we take very seriously, we have very disciplined criteria. We need to be a better owner. So why would Broadridge be a better owner. So that means that we need to fit very much within our clear strategy. So we are so confident in the strength of our governance and capital markets franchises that we continue to look very hard at opportunities in there. We're still in a tuck-in buy versus build mode, because they really doesn’t seem to be anything meaningfully that would fit clearly in there. If we could identify something that clearly fit in there, then the other criteria must be in a better order, and a strong IRR capability, we would consider that as well. Let me be clear if anyone ask the next question, there’s no change in anything I just said other than continued confidence and the execution that we’ve already done.
Puneet Jain: And can you also talk about how this new accounting standard 606 might impact your financials next year?
JimYoung: The answer is really modestly, we anticipate a disclosure here probably in our Q that will tell you that it’s may be a couple of percentage points on revenue and pretty neutral on earnings. Just as you recall, our model is already long-term contracts recognized readably, so really not a material change to what we’re doing.
Puneet Jain: So no change?
JimYoung: Correct.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Rich Daly: This is Rich. Before Edings tell you about all the things we want you to do and come visit us. I really do want to comment here. I think there is a very, very long time and we’d rather be in a healthy economy than a weak economy, and right now, it still feels pretty healthy to us. And we’re really pleased at the way the pieces have come together. And so I want to thank everyone for their support over the starting of our associates who absolutely exceeded customer expectations and enable us to deliver these strong results. And I also want to thank our shareholders, because I know many of our shareholders are building us for a very long time. And we’re delighted to report these results to you. And again, I want to thank you for your support. Edings?
Edings Thibault: Thanks. Just a quick note, we will be hosting an investor lunch to discuss these results at our offices in New York, next Wednesday, February 14th, Valentine’s Day, don’t forget. If you would like to attend, please do let me know. And thank you all again for your interest at Broadridge. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co. Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Adrianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations at Broadridge. Please go ahead.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Adrianne. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slide that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our CEO; Tim Gokey, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to management team, a few standard reminders. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of our use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to everyone on our call. I'd like to start this morning with some of the highlights of our first quarter results. Tim will provide an overview of our two segments. And then Jim will review our financials. I will close with my view on why Broadridge is so well positioned for future growth as well as some thoughts on our upcoming Investor Day. Broadridge delivered strong first quarter results. Recurring revenues rose 6% to $548 million. Organic revenue growth was 5% and acquisitions accounted for the balance. Event-driven revenues rose 58% to $59 million and distribution revenues declined 6% resulting in total revenue growth of 3% to $925 million. The growth in recurring revenues and especially event-driven revenues contributed to strong 30% growth and adjusted operating income to $106 million. Adjusted EPS internal rose 50% to $0.54. While the first quarter is traditionally the smallest quarter of the year from a revenue and profit perspective, I am pleased to report that Broadridge is off to a very good start to fiscal 2018 and is building on the momentum we saw in 2017. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2018 guidance for mid-single-digit recurring fee revenue growth 15% to 19% adjusted EPS growth and closed sales in a range of $170 million to $210 million. A key reason for our confidence is the continuing momentum we see in closed sales, and more importantly in the ongoing dialogs we're having with our clients. Even after a record sales year in fiscal 2017, we remain in active discussions with major clients on how we can help them transform their business. These opportunities extend across both our ICS and GTO businesses and cover a wide range of underlying products. The common theme is that our clients understand that they face significant challenges and need to accelerate the pace of change within their organizations. As a result, they are seeking a partner who has the skill, technology, cyber-security and commitment to innovation to help them evolve more rapidly. Our engagement with them on those issues remains at a very high level. In terms of closing these opportunities, we were off to a good start to the year. We booked $23 million of closed sales in the first quarter, up 6% from the first quarter of last year. Broadridge was a clear beneficiary of an elevated level of adventure of an activity in the first quarter. The P&G proxy contest was a significant contributor to this growth. Contest like these are a great Broadridge showcase for all participants in the process including issuers, investors, our broker-dealer clients and regulators of how Broadridge's significant investment in technology, commitment to transparency and rigorous third-party verification have transformed corporate governance. Let me elaborate on that by sharing some of the details on the role played by Broadridge in that contest. P&G has more than 2.6 billion shares outstanding held in both beneficial and registered accounts. Beneficial or street shares represent 94% of the total shares outstanding and are held by institutional and retail investors in their bank custody and broker dealer accounts, respectively. The vast majority of these shares were processed by Broadridge with 2% processed by other companies. The vote from more than 90% of the shares processed by Broadridge came in through the multiple digital channels that linked Broadridge to both institutional and retail investors. These votes are tabulated in real time by our state-of-the-art technology platform. We processed more than 700,000 paper ballots, all those including those on paper ballots are subject to multiple reviews to ensure that they are recorded accurately by a team of 150 professionals. For example, the votes coming in from all positions over 1,000 shares are re-checked two times to three times and we use statistical sampling methods to ensure the accurate counting of the votes from smaller positions. We've also invested your money and systems to monitor the duplicate votes to ensure that only the last vote is counted and to verify that the reports sent out are accurate. Throughout the contest all votes are tallied, updated and simultaneously shared with both sides on a daily basis. The results are finalized and reported to the Inspector of Elections within minutes of the poll's closing. Another critical part of the Broadridge process is independent verification. The accuracy of our processing and reporting on voting instructions undergoes testing by a Big Four accounting firm on a quarterly and annual basis and our standard exceed those required by the SEC and the NYSE. These tests consistently report that the accuracy of Broadridge's vote counting procedures exceed 99.9%. No other provider undergoes this level of independent review. The net result is that even in this closely fought contest, the vote tally of the Broadridge ballots, had not been called into question. Meanwhile, the votes of the registered shares, which are gathered separately by proxy solicitors from both sides, are the focus of an intense dispute that will take weeks to be resolved. Broadridge's ability to distribute proxies in a timely and efficient manner and tabulate the results accurately and immediately from the vast majority of the shareholders is a direct result of the decades of investment we have made in our technology platforms. It is also the result of our commitment to constantly fine-tune our processes to improve results and reduce costs for all participants. It is no exaggeration to suggest that, if it were not for these investments and our commitment to the role we play and a neutral party subject to third-party verification, all annual meetings, contested or otherwise will be significantly more expensive and take far longer to resolve. For those of you who want to learn more about our role in proxy contests and the broad implications for all investors, please refer to an article I wrote for Forbes.com, which can also be found on the Broadridge website under the Insights tab. Activist investing continues to make headlines. For the last several years, we have been making a case to corporate issuers and boards that they can use our platform to reach out and proactively engage their retail investors about the company's outlook and growth plans on a recurring basis. Using our technology, they can engage and communicate with these investors for less than 1% of a cost of what many have spent to do so as part of a proxy contest. And for the recent contest at P&G, Optronics, GM and ADP, we think there is likely to be more receptivity to the used case for our platform going forward. Let me now turn the call over to Tim Gokey for an update on our business.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. Broadridge continues to execute well across both our investor communications and global technology and operations segments. ICS total fee revenues recurring plus event-driven, rose 9% with much of that resulting from the growth in event-driven revenues. Rich had already discussed the important role we played in the P&G contest. So I will talk about the drivers of the 3% growth in recurring fee revenues. In our corporate governance business, rates on our communications revenue, which includes our recurring, proxy and mutual fund/ETF revenues increased 6%. Within this, mutual fund/ETF interim record growth reached 9% in the first quarter at the back of continued strong inflows into mutual funds and ETFs. This is now the second consecutive quarter we have seen mid-to-high single-digit interim record growth. In recent (12:10) data points to continued growth in the second quarter. Another growth driver was an increase in other ICS revenues, which rose 13%, driven in part by strong growth from our data-driven products. We also benefited from growth in our wealth management products, largely as a result of the strong sales we reported in fiscal 2017. Last year, for example, we highlighted sales of our advisor solutions products to the largest wealth managers, who are seeking to accelerate their advisors' digital premise (12:44). The growth in our corporate governance and other products was partially offset by the expected decline in revenues for BRCC. BRCC revenues continue to be impacted by the expected runoff of previously disclosed losses on the acquired NACC business. These declines will be partially offset by some of the new wins we've recorded since we closed the acquisition. Let's move to GTO, which grew 11%, primarily as a result of onboarding past sales (13:21). Total organic growth was 8% in the first quarter with three quarters (13:26) back or 6% coming from Net New Business. The biggest areas of new business growth are our core equity and fixed income trade processing platforms, higher equity volumes also contributed growth, adding due to tuck-in acquisitions we made in fiscal 2017 to extend our wealth management capabilities and to add to our compliance product set. During the first quarter, our capital markets franchise continues to make good progress in onboarding some of the large global platform mix we booked in 2016 and 2017. A critical part of this process involves the development of data fabric (14:09) that integrates our individual product suites into a global, multi-asset class platform, and we achieve several positive milestones in this development program during the first quarter. Our ability to build the next-generation Global Post Trade Management platform continues to attract significant interest from global financial services clients who are seeking to find strategic infrastructure partner to manage their back and middle-office operations. In his comments on the value of our proxy voting platform brings to corporate governance, Rich talked about how we built our business to consistently invest in technology and process, and I want to echo that theme. Global Post Trade Management is just one example. Another key area of investment from Broadridge is developing our capabilities in emerging technologies including cloud computing, artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology. Just last month, we announced a successful pilot of a Blockchain-based solution for the repo market, working with Société Générale, Natixis, (15:13) provider, we used distributed ledger technology to reduce operational risk for market participants by providing a secure record of repo trade details, reducing the need for reconciliation and removing obstacles to straight through processing. This builds on our working global proxy last spring and an upcoming work in U.S. proxy this coming season. Pilots like these underscore the important role that Broadridge can play in helping our clients leveraging new technologies, while mutualizing the development effort. In addition to organic investments across both ICS and GTO, we continue to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions, deepen our product lines in select areas. In July, we made a small acquisition to strengthen our Broadridge Market Intelligence business, combining Spence Johnson's institutional data of $7 trillion of worldwide assets with Broadridge's existing Market Intelligence data covering 82,000 mutual funds/ETFs, better positions Broadridge to offer our client the ability to measure and benchmark the market by geography, channel and product. More recently in October, Broadridge acquired Summit Financial, the governance document management company, broadened our set of services we can offer for our corporate issuer and mutual fund clients, utilizing our existing sales channels and expanding our governance franchise to assist corporate and mutual fund issuers with one-stop shopping for their governance and regulatory communications needs. In many ways, our first quarter results reinforced the themes we'll be discussing next month at our Investor Day, we'll talk about our two core franchise businesses: one, a corporate governance leader; and the other, a leading provider of technology infrastructure to capital markets firms, which are performing well and which have attractive long-term growth opportunities as we deliver network value across both business segments. You will also hear about some of the exciting emerging opportunities we see to apply to the Broadridge model that is bringing technology-based solutions to our clients' critical operations to newer market opportunities, like the European and Asian market, the wealth management and to evolving use cases like the opportunity to accelerate the shift in digital communications for cloud-based future. A common element running through all of these topics will be our continued investment in our core platforms and emerging technologies as well as our commitment to engaging our associates and delivering value to our clients. (17:53) is right in line with the current performance of our business. During the first quarter, the key growth drivers for our core corporate governance business as well as the continued growth of our capital markets franchise, these drivers are complemented by some of the new initiatives, including our wealth management and data analytics products and continued build-out of our global capabilities, all of which are underpinned by our sustained investment in maintaining and enhancing our business. And that's the story I will be excited to talk more about next month. I'll now turn the call over to Jim to provide a review of our financial results. Jim?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. And good morning, everyone. I'll make a few call-outs to begin. First, we had a good quarter. Recurring fee revenue growth was 6%, and strong event-driven activity contributed to higher margins and strong growth in adjusted EPS. We also saw an increase in closed sales. Second, the first quarter's results exceeded our expectations with three factors accounting for most of the outperformance: strong event-driven activity, lower cost to achieve our previously discussed organizational efficiency initiatives and higher foreign currency exchange rate that we planned. Third, a reminder about the volatility of event-driven revenue. Our first quarter results benefited from the P&G contest, as Rich noted, and we expect a continued level of elevated activity in the second quarter, recognizing that we have limited visibility into event-driven activity, particularly contest, we are forecasting for the level of activity to abate in the second half of the year. Please keep in mind, when you consider our full-year guidance in quarterization of your estimates. Fourth, the impact of the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation was just $2 million in the first quarter. While it is very difficult to forecast with any precision we continue to assume a $25 million or $0.19 per share contribution for the full-year. Fifth, and finally, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2018 guidance, which I will touch on again along with other topics in my review of the results. Let's move to a quick recap of our financial results. First quarter 2018 recurring fee revenues rose 6% to $548 million and total revenues rose 3% to $925 million. Adjusted operating income rose 30% to $106 million, and adjusted EPS rose 50% to $0.54 per share. Let's turn to slide 6, for a quick review of our first quarter revenue drivers, starting with total revenues and then recurring fee revenues. Total revenues grew 3% to $925 million, as growth in recurring and event-driven fee revenues was partially offset by a decline in no margin distribution revenues. Event-driven activity was very strong in the first quarter, rising 58% to $59 million, as a result of stronger proxy contest activity, including P&G and higher mutual fund proxy activity. In total, event-driven revenues added two points to our total revenue growth in the quarter. Recurring fee revenues grew 6% in the first quarter, organic recurring fee growth is 5%. Onboarding of new business or closed sales as shown here was the largest organic contributor. Internal growth was also a positive contributor. Turning to slide 7. Adjusted operating income rose 30% to $106 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The increase in adjusted operating income was apparent in our margins, which rose 240 basis points year-over-year to 11.5%. Growth was driven by organic recurring fee revenue growth and higher event-driven revenues in combination with low single-digit operating expense growth. Changes in event-driven revenues like recurring proxy revenues typically generate higher levels of marginal profitability, because they leverage in existing cost infrastructure. I will just take a moment on this concept. Broadridge maintains an on-demand infrastructure to support proxy voting throughout the year. As a result, when activity levels do increase as they do in the seasonally strong fourth quarter or in the case of a contest around a lively held stock on P&G, the marginal profitability also increases. So, the marginal profitability from the increased event-driven activity contributed notably for adjusted operating income growth in the first quarter. One final note on adjusted operating income. We did have lingering expenses related to our organizational efficiency and alignment initiatives that began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, but our one-time cost to achieve the efficiencies were less than anticipated, this is a good outcome as we achieve our organizational and cost reduction goals. Adjusted EPS rose 50% to $0.54 in the first quarter with a stronger adjusted operating income clearly being the biggest driver. Our adjusted EPS received a boost from a slight reduction in our tax rate as well as a 1% reduction in our diluted weighted average share count resulting from the shares we were purchased over the course of fiscal 2017. The share repurchase benefit was partially offset by the increase in the diluted share count, due to the adoption of the new stock-based compensation accounting guidance. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 32.8% or 200 basis points lower than the first quarter of last year, largely as a result of the excess tax benefit, where ETB as I will refer to it here. As a reminder, this is the first quarter in which we recorded an ETB for the new accounting guidance. And as I noted at the outset of my remarks, we recorded a $2 million ETB relative to the $25 million we assumed for the full-year. Excluding the ETB impact, our effective tax rate would have been 34.9%. Coupled with the ETB-related increase in the diluted share count that I just noted above, ETB on a net basis contributed $0.01 to our EPS in the first quarter. Turning to slide 8. I'll discuss the first quarter performance of our ICS and GTO segments. Our ICS segment had a strong quarter with earnings up 35%, revenues rose 1% to $733 million in the first quarter, driven by higher event-driven and recurring fee revenues. Revenue growth was muted by lower distribution revenues, which contribute little to no margin. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 3% to $340 million on an organic basis revenue rose 3% driven by an increase in Net New Business and to a lesser extent internal growth. As Tim noted, mutual fund and ETF record growth remained a tailwind rising 9% on the back of continued strong flows into mutual funds and ETFs. Event-driven revenues rose $22 million to $59 million. Event-driven strength help drive a nice pickup in the ICS segment margins. ICS earnings before taxes rose 35% to $44 million, mainly from the elevated levels of event-driven activity. The GTO business continue to perform well. GTO recurring revenues rose 11% to $208 million. Organic growth was 8% with an additional three points of growth coming from the acquisitions made in fiscal 2017. Much of the organic growth resulted from Net New Business, as Broadridge continues to extend the reach of our capital markets franchise and work through the implementation backlog created by the record sales of recent years. Trading volumes, especially equity trades, which were up 6% contributed to internal growth. GTO earnings before taxes rose 21% to $46 million, as we continue to realize positive operating leverage from net new business and trading activity. Moving to slide 9. The first quarter free cash flow is seasonally lower, and that was again the case in fiscal 2018. Broadridge generated free cash flow of negative $129 – $29 million (27:07) in the first quarter. Free cash flow was negatively impacted by higher capital expenditures. Broadridge invested $36 million in capital expenditures in the first quarter versus $15 million in the first quarter of last year. A big CapEx item was related to the relocation of our GTO operations to Newark, New Jersey. Further on the investment front, we also made a small acquisition in July to expand our global mutual fund data set. In October, we acquired Summit Financial, which Tim discussed, for $29 million, because the acquisition closed in October and had no impact on first quarter cash flows. Summit is approximately a $15 million per year revenue business. We did not undertake any significant share repurchase activity in the first quarter, so return of capital to shareholders is in the form of the quarterly dividend, which now stands at $0.365 per share. Let's turn to guidance. Guidance is unchanged. Our fiscal year 2018 guidance items can be found on slide 10. We expect recurring fee revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 2% to 3%. We expect adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16%, up about 100 basis points from fiscal 2017. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be 15% to 19%, including an estimated $0.19 per share ETB. Excluding the ETB, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be 9% to 13%. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million, inclusive of an estimated $25 million ETB. Finally, we expect closed sales to be in a range of $170 million to $210 million. Rounding out our expectations for the full-year, please remember that the first quarter has historically accounted for less than 15% of full-year earnings. Again with respect to event-driven fees, we have limited visibility into future activity or we do have a line of sight to event-driven activity in the second quarter, which you expect to be above Q1 levels, we do not have visibility into the second half of the year, and our forecast calls for more moderate levels for this period, significantly down from fiscal 2017. So to sum up, we are off to a good start to fiscal 2018. Our first quarter results fully benefited from strong event-driven activity. With the organizational efficiency initiative behind us, we are busy ramping up further investments in the business. We are on track to deliver our topline guidance and adjusted EPS growth of 15% to 19% for the full-year assuming $0.19 per share ETB contribution. With that, I will hand call back to Rich for his closing remarks.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. On the slide 11 of the presentation, let's review the key points from our call. Broadridge reported strong first quarter results. Recurring revenues rose 6%, and strong event-driven activity contributed to 30% growth in adjusted operating income and 50% growth in adjusted EPS. We're up to a good start to the year and are on track to achieve our 2018 guidance, which calls for recurring revenue growth of 4% to 6% and 15% to 19% adjusted EPS growth. We continue to build momentum in closed sales. Closed sales rose 6% versus last year. And more importantly, our overall pipeline is strong and our dialogs with clients are encouraging. We look forward to discussing the drivers of that momentum at greater length with you next month at our Investor Day. The theme of the Investor Day is Ready For Next, which is an idea we have adopted as we enter a new growth phase of our value creation journey. The basis of Ready for Next is to help us drive specific meaningful opportunities that will enable our clients to better and more efficiently communicate digitally with their customers, reduce the cost and complexity of non-differentiating clearance and settlement activities and reduce the capital that they are required to hold to support their trading activities among other exciting opportunities. As Tim mentioned, our clients across our businesses face significant challenges coming from relentless margin pressure, the increasing complexity of their own operations, technology evolution and more. They know they need to move faster to adapt their businesses if they want to continue to grow. So, another key part of Ready for Next is to communicate to our clients that Broadridge has built the scale, technology, cyber-security and commitment to innovation to be that partner who will help them evolve. Those capabilities put us in a much stronger position to help our clients pursue large market transformational opportunities. For example, in corporate governance, we see opportunities to help increase engagement between issuers, mutual funds, ETFs and their investors. We are well positioned to grow by making corporate governance more transparent and cost effective and by driving new services that benefit the network of issuers and investors that we serve. We are well positioned to help our capital market clients transform their business by building the critical technology enabled infrastructure they need to become more efficient and adapt to new transformative technologies. We also see opportunities to bring network benefits to the fixed income market, which will reduce our clients' cost of capital and strengthen their role in this market. Further, we think there are opportunities to provide technology-enabled, mission critical infrastructure to global players as well as to wealth managers and investment managers. There is also a significant opportunity in helping our clients navigate the evolution of communications from the two-dimensional world of physical mail and email into a more dynamic and cloud-based future. The bottom line is that Broadridge is better positioned to generate sustained growth and we have a clear line of sight than ever on how we can have a meaningful impact on the market. That is due in large part for the investments we have made with your capital in our capabilities and people. So, we are really excited to share more with you about specific key opportunities on December 5. Before I turn it over for your questions. Let me take a moment to thank our Broadridge associates. Their dedication to serving our clients is what sits at the heart of our value proposition and drive the results that we reported to you today. Let me now turn the call over to you for your questions. Adrianne, please begin the Q&A.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with D. A. Davidson.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Wanted to ask a question on Scottrade. How has that been resolved given their acquisition, I think, there was some question as to whether they are going to go live or whether they're just going to convert on the acquirer's platform. Can you give us an update there?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Absolutely. This is Jim. Hi, Pete.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Hi.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: The transaction now has closed and that occurred during this quarter. It is TD's intention to convert the Scottrade clients on to the TD platform – the existing TD platform. There really isn't – and that allows them to most quickly make available all of the great TD products back to Scottrade clients and that's why they're going in that direction. There really isn't any change in the status between ourselves and TD. They have assumed the Scottrade contract and as we discussed previously that has good protections for us in it. And we have a very good relationship with TD and I think this is going to strengthen that relationship over time.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thanks. And then Rich, can you comment on universal proxy and kind of where that stand maybe the probability of it going into effect and then potentially, any impacts to Broadridge?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Universal proxy is something that will enable a proxy card versus oppositions in management's card to be used in a proxy contest. What Broadridge does, we don't take a position on what is right or wrong on things that don't impact investor participation and activity and knowledge, meaning the effectiveness of what they receive in terms of understanding a company's performance. While we have taken a position on universal proxy, is that the SEC deems this to be in the best interest of investors, because it really is an SEC call because of the strength of our technology and the capabilities we have, we have reported that if the SEC deems this appropriate, we can effectively implement that. This has been sitting with the SEC for quite some time. So, even though it was raised in just a recent contest this week, it has been and remains with the SEC for a long period of time and I haven't heard of any real activity around this until the dialogs that transformed this week.
Peter J. Heckmann - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Rich, wanted to see if you could give us a little more detail on your comment that you think issuers are more receptive to governance products over the proxy products after these the high profile battles we've seen recently. Is this something you've seen in prior cycles, where we've had instances of high profile proxy, and then a pickup in activity or are you sort of basing this on something new?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Chris, it's a great question. This is an evolution, this has been going back to something in the past. So, let me give you a little more detail on these views. An enormous amount of money was spent in that recent P&G contest. I'm just reading, repeating what I've read in the press that phone calls to small shareholders took place at a cost of $68 a call. We're not talking about an insignificant amount of money. I've been told by people who are watching the RedZone on Sunday on their phone that they had pop-ups for other recent meetings up here. Not that they were a shareholder, but there's been this massive outreach to try to get to retail investors, because if you have institutional investors split in a contested situation, it's likely to come down to the retail vote. So with that said, given the technology we have in place, as you know, you can vote your proxies on the street side, on your phone in three clicks, okay. We can send messages from CEOs and many companies are sending CEOs, but a very small percentage, but it's still in the 100-plus area on a recurring basis. I put this into the category of good hygiene, all right. You have a strategy, retail investors could matter, activism is an asset class that exists, all right, and there are many reasons why an activist could identify a company. We're not going to get involved in any of the who is right, who is wrong and candidly we don't care who is right, who is wrong. What we believe in is it's just a good process for companies to follow to actively communicate with all of their shareholders and technologies enable the communication on a recurring basis to retail customers in a very, very cost effective rate, because you can even pick selectively just to do it for that high percentage, the majority percentage we have and you can reach just on a technology-enabled basis. So, no postage and paper cost. So as time transpires, we have seen an uptick and as we expect that to continue and by the way for consumer product companies it's amazing to me that you have companies that will spend the amount they spend on a Super Bowl ad, all right, and get the most likely buyers of their products or certainly people with a bias for buying their product will be a shareholder and that still remains an untapped area. So, we have very good coverage of the issuer market to our feet on the ground sales force throughout North America and this will be something that we're going to encourage to create a better value proposition for them to present the corporate issuers as we go forward.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thanks. That seems like a pretty good opportunity over the coming quarters. And then one question for Jim, on slide 6, the recurring fee revenue growth, just 3% headwind from client losses. Is that all BRCC or is there any other business in there that had a client losses? (43:56)
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Go ahead.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, I was just going to say for BRCC, can you remind us when we expect that the attrition from there to abate?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, the 3% losses is not all attributable to BRCC, about a point of that is attributable to BRCC. I think, we discussed last quarter, normally our loss rate has been about 2% and it tick up this year to 3% attributable to BRCC. We will have a run-off of the losses this year, some next year, starting to be less noticeable as we ramp up the sales and start to grow that business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. I was hoping, if you could just speak a little bit more towards the acquisition of Summit Financial and just kind of describe the business a little bit more on how it fits in with what you're currently doing in your ability to cross-sell it?
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yes. Summit has two businesses and we are excited about both of them. Part of the business is around doing the – helping companies with the actual electronic filing of their reports and the other part is around the composition of the documents. And we believe, particularly the composition of the documents is something that, well, both of these related to the one-stop shop and our ability to bring to corporate issuers, which is their new business today and potentially mutual fund issuers which should be something that we would expand them into to help them one-stop shop around their governance needs, from composition through creation of the documents and to actual filing of that. We have certainly seen ourselves over the past few years a growing demand from our clients for that sort of one-stop experience. And as we have expanded our capabilities, we've seen very good demand, particularly as corporate secretaries sort of in (46:22) of the moment are seeking to get things done all in one place. So we are pretty excited about this. It's not that large a business right now, but we do have a very good channel into corporate issuers. We call on virtually everyone, we have a significant sales force there. So, we think that growing this business with corporate issuers sort of around the nexus of services connected to their annual meeting is a good opportunity for us.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for that. And then for my second question. Can you just remind us what is the typical implementation timeline for a lot of your closed sales, and I suspect it probably varies depending on what the closed sales looks like?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Patrick, it's Jim. Again, as you say, hard to put a typical, but we typically say kind of a 12 months to 24 months implementation cycle. We've been skewing longer of late with some of the larger deals; that seems to be the current trend right now.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And I'll just add to that, Jim, that just to put a little more detail because related to the kind of product that it is, it can be – definitely our significant deals are in that 12 months to 18 months or sometimes even longer. If you look at some of the event-driven sales, those are much shorter, and if you look at the some of the advisory products or other products, there are some ones that are shorter. So it sort of blends across the first few years and it's really dependent on the product mix and changes a little bit as the product mix changes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning, I apologize if this was asked. I joined a little late from another earnings call. But your former corporate parent obviously just won a big proxy contest yesterday, would ADP, for example, be a material event in the December quarter?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, Dave, event-driven revenue as we talk about it, is something that Jim covered in his comments in which we have insight into that because that will be in the second quarter. From my point of view, I just want to comment on event-driven overall. I'm doing this now for pretty close to four decades, and event-driven revenue during my entire career as it relates to this, has been rate revenue and has consistently grown over time; it's just the time is not on a quarterly or pure annual basis. And I'll let Jim comment a little bit more on the specifics on what you just asked.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, David, for Q2, we do anticipate elevated levels. We think mutual fund proxy is going to be healthy. There'll be some more contest activity, we don't anticipate nearly to the levels that we saw in Q1. So, no specific call out with the specific client you referenced, but clearly we're expecting a well-above average event-driven quarter in Q2.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. And then longer-term Rich, how do you think Project Scalpel will evolve. The big consortium among the three of the big banks to pull their trade processing assets and cut costs. I mean these big bank-led JVs often don't work, and obviously you're sitting there with some terrific processing infrastructure to the extent it doesn't?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Dave, let me go back again because when I talked about that four-decade career, it's always been tied to the sell-side activity, including when I was director of operations of a wirehouse. So one of the things we really, really are happy about, and Tim has played such an effective role in this, in our GTO segment, he talked about the data fabric today, he talked about all the capabilities. What lots of people are talking about is what they might be able to create. What we go into all of those dialogs with is what we actually have, all right. With clients, with real activity, we announced over the last six months major clients, major – and I know while we can't use their names, we refer to them as large or arguably the largest global banks out on the planet coming on to our platform from all of our capabilities around the globe, okay. And the number of clients who are also adopting not only our technology, but our managed services as well. So, we are very pleased with the performance of GTO. We really believe we have the right to declare that we have – we used to say we have a great segment and one that could be. I think we have two great segments right now, and the performance of GTO, I think, reflects that. And when you hear the specific opportunities in both segments on Investor Day, and these will be things that are tangible beyond what we talk about where we have all these great offerings that we can put into the pipeline, but specific things that can move the needle as we go forward. And I think you'll be encouraged by that at Investor Day as well. So let me give it to Tim now because he's been so involved in the activities and the vision for the future of GTO.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, and we definitely see mutualization as a continued theme, and even as the economy improves, the large institutions are continuing to want to push that theme. There were a lot of conversations around the largest institutions getting together and there were really sort of three main challenges that they had. One is coming to agreement on how to prioritize and what to get done in what order. Second challenge is that there was really no available technology platform for them to use. And so, the process of having to build a technology platform, very daunting. And the third and very important one is the high cost and risk of then getting people on to that technology platform, which is really the largest part of the overall cost. I think what's different now is if you look at instead of doing it as a large collective that way, but if you have a private player like ourselves stepping into that, we can create that same thing brick-by-brick really by advertising two times using our balance sheet if one person has a problem today, we can sell that today knowing that someone else will have that problem later on. And so, you don't need to have the time matching that you have in a pure consortium approach. And the second piece is and I talked about it in my remarks, our Global Post Trade Management platform, we think is really what institutional are going to need and are looking for the future and we're getting very good market receptivity to that. And the last piece is the new technology is continuing to drive things and we think we can be on ramp for our clients in that regard. So, we do think this is an opportunity. I think it will come about in a little bit different form than those conversations. But, we've always said, we're open to people do get together, we're open to work with them on that. But in the meantime, we believe we're having lots of success essentially building the same thing brick-by-brick.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Dave, don't be late for Investor Day. You wouldn't want to miss a minute of it.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: I'll be there, Rich. Look forward to seeing you then.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Connor (54:55) on for Puneet. I just wanted to ask a question on margins. Jim, you gave a couple kind of points of impact that have helped this quarter. I'm wondering if you could maybe rank order those between the event-driven upside and some of those cost initiatives, just wanted to get a sense for how much expansion we should expect going forward considering maybe another quarter of strong event-driven?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Connor (55:16), first I'll anchor back to the full-year, we are expecting 100 basis point margin improvement for the full-year. So, we certainly anticipate some quarters contributing more than others. If I look on a relatively small earnings quarter, remember loss of 20% of our earnings in this quarter, clearly event-driven is up there, FX actually can be up there because that actually can come in at a relatively high margin. You've got some trades in there that come in at high margin. Keep in mind a lot of the initiatives that I've talked about are actually going the other way, because we're incurring cost to do those right now without realizing the benefits of those coming in future quarters. But, if you think about this increase really we're – you think we're tracking towards as a 100 basis point improvement portfolio, and that's what we're focused on.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. So full-year doesn't change. And then maybe my second question just on closed sales $23 million this quarter I believe, unchanged guidance as well. Just wondering what kind of visibility you have into the acceleration for the rest of the year? Thanks guys.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. The first quarter because of the summer months is always a bit of a challenge. Many of our transactions require significant multiple sign-offs at the client level and that's always a challenge and vacation schedules add to that challenge. More importantly – and we really went into this an awful lot in our year-end call. So, given the amount of the sales we have in the first quarter you can really believe that that's still absolutely in place. We went into this year with a better pipeline than ever. There is excitement that you've heard in this call, specific dialog whether it'd be from me or Tim in terms of where we're positioned in both segments. So, we're very pleased about the dialogs we're in, the receptivity of the dialogs we're in and that people are regularly looking to Broadridge for solutions they need. When we get to our Investor Day, I think you're going to see that the investments that we've made in balancing the business, the way we're managing the business to provide strong returns for shareholders, but in the same time a relentless focus on the longer term and investing your capital to position us as we go forward, when you get to Investor Day, you're going to hear about Broadridge could really lead the transformation of communications to not only something more cost effective, but moving again from (58:12) paper to the cloud, all right. And we're being viewed by many clients as being a true leader in that and that's giving us a halo benefit and dialogs we're having on their needs today. When you also go into when Tim discussed, it's very clear to me that if you look at the scale Broadridge has and the margins we have in our GTO segment, no one can do what we do, okay, more cost effectively than we can, because no one has near the scale. When you tie that into the investments we've made to evolve our platform to really the leading platform out there that's available today and the firms that have been arguably in many cases over a decade looking at ways to create transformation and watching their competitors and some of their competitors who are market leaders come on to our platform, all right. We're the tangible choice and we're adding to that more reasons why they select this platform. So, I feel better than I've ever felt about the pipeline, and I feel better than ever about our sales capabilities and go-to-market capabilities. So, we're pretty excited about our ability to continue to grow sales as we go forward.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Edings Thibault.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Adrianne. And just a few quick notes. We will be hosting an Investor lunch to discuss our results at our office in New York next Tuesday, November 14. If you want to attend, please let me know, and very much so as we discussed today. Again, we will be holding an Investor Day in New York City on December 5. If you wish to attend and have not registered again, please let me know. Thank you all very much for your interest in Broadridge and choose to have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-08-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Adrianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Adrianne. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 earnings conference call. Our earnings release and the slide that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. Joining me on this call this morning are Rich Daly, CEO; Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Gokey, who is appointed as President, as announced last week. Before I turn the call over to management team, a few standard reminders. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of our use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Rich Daly.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to everyone on our call. Before I begin my update, I want to congratulate Tim on his well-deserved appointment to President. Tim joined Broadridge in 2010 as Head of Strategy with the mandate to help us to transform Broadridge from a company that was reliant on market factors to drive its growth to one that was more closely aligned with its clients and long-term demand trends. Since then, in his role as COO, he has led both our ICS and GTO segments and maintained that focus on driving growth. Tim has broadened our product offering, and a thought leader with our clients and he is a valuable partner in helping me to manage and grow our business, so congratulations Tim and I look forward to continuing our partnership over the coming years.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Now, let's start. We have a lot of ground to cover this morning. I will begin with some highlights of fiscal year 2017. Tim, will then provide an overview of our segments, then hand it off to Jim for review of our financials and then I will close with some thoughts on Broadridge's overall direction. We'll begin on slide 4 of our presentation slides. We had a strong end to a very good fiscal year 2017. Our fourth quarter results benefited from strong stock record growth, an elevated level of event-driven activity – excuse me, and continued momentum in our GTO business. For the full year, Broadridge delivered total revenue growth of 43%. Recurring revenues grew 29% including 6% organic growth, and adjusted EPS grew 15% to $3.13; a very good year. I'm especially pleased to note that our fiscal year 2017 results enabled Broadridge to achieve the three-year objectivities we laid out at our last Investor Day in December 2014. Let's go over those three-year results. Our objective was to grow our recurring revenues by 7% to 10% per year. We achieved a compound annual recurring revenue growth rate of 14%, or 7% without the acquisition of NACC. We also targeted adjusted earnings growth of 9% to 11%. Our adjusted earnings CAGR over the past three years has been 11% or 9% excluding NACC. We also targeted 50 basis points to 60 basis points per year of margin expansion and we've achieved that goal as well on a like-for-like basis. The reason we set these three-year objectives is to help us maintain our focus on mid-term versus short-term value creation and we look forward to issuing a new set of objectives that will take us through fiscal year 2020 at our upcoming December Investor Day. Now let me turn to my favorite topic, record closed sales. Broadridge reported record closed sales of $188 million in fiscal 2017, up 25%. Fourth quarter closed sales were $64 million, up 12% year-over-year, and we expect continued momentum as we enter fiscal 2018. One of our larger deals on the quarter was an agreement to manage the global back office operations of a top 15 U.S. investment bank. With more than 60 clients on our current technology platforms including more than 30 that, like this client, utilize our full back-office managed services solutions, Broadridge continues to cement its position as a leading capital markets infrastructure utility. Other notable deals in the quarter include the sale of portfolio management solutions to an alternative asset manager and continuum of sales of our financial advisor solutions. I'm also pleased to see a growing number of sales coming out of our Broadridge Customer Communications business, which now includes NACC. Not only have sales exceeded our expectations for the first year, but the pipeline of potential deals is full, which bodes well for putting that business on a growth track earlier than we had anticipated. Lastly, we would be remiss if we didn't highlight a key win back of a major proxy client. This is a client that we lost a few years ago and have worked hard since to win back. Looking forward, our pipeline is strong, even after a record sales year and not counting the incremental opportunities we are seeing from BRCC. Our pipeline at the end of 2017 was stronger than it was at the beginning of 2017. So, record sales in 2017 and a stronger pipeline to begin 2018. Those are both positive parameters about our future growth. Broadridge also benefited from a record – I'm sorry, from a return to healthy levels of market growth in the form of strong stock record growth, healthy interim record growth, and higher trading volumes in 2017. Our focus on generating sales-led growth is very strong. These volumes are a small part of our growth, and it was in the past. But the positive long-term trends they reflect remain a component of our long-term growth story. Now, let's turn to NACC. With a full year of owning that business now under our belt, I am pleased with the overall status of this investment. On a tactical level, we have made great strides in integrating the business, exceeded our initial sales expectations, and our pipeline is strong. On a strategic level, Broadridge is making good progress against the short-term, mid-term and long-term goals we cited at the time of acquisition. Short-term, the integration continues to go well and we are on track to realize our $20 million synergy target. Mid-term, this is where my comments on a healthy pipeline really come into play. We've seen significant interests from large in-house clients in learning how we can help them reduce their overall cost of printing and distribution and manage their transition to digital. There remains a lot of work to be done to translate our pipeline into closed sales, but I really like where we stand today. Long-term, our goal is to help enable our clients to digitalize their key communications and leverage the value of our network to accelerate that transition. We are well underway in building out our capabilities around the Broadridge Communications Cloud, and are getting very positive feedback from key clients, channel partners, and cloud players about our strategy. Early days here, but again, I like our progress. While we met our adjusted EPS contribution objectives, NACC's 2017 top-line results were lower than we anticipated, mostly as a result of lower volumes at a single large customer that we discussed last quarter. Given our recent closed sales and pipeline, I am optimistic that we will make up that lost ground by 2019. We also made two small buy versus build tuck-in acquisitions in fiscal year 2017. One, to strengthen our ability to serve the wealth management market; and the second, to extend our capabilities in post-trade processing and controls. We also invested last fall to accelerate our ability to bring blockchain capabilities to the proxy market by acquiring the technology assets of Inveshare. Finally, and as always we made investment to new product development in areas like tax reporting, blockchain and other capabilities as part of our ongoing operating expenses. More recently, we are also making additional investments to implement efficiency measures designed to flatten our organization and make us more nimble and client-focused. After a strong fiscal year, Broadridge is exciting 2017 with good momentum. The combination of another year of record closed sales, continuing strong fundamentals in our franchise businesses and ongoing investments, we must well position to deliver another Broadridge type of year in 2018 and well positioned to sustain our growth beyond 2018. Our board's confidence in our outlook is reflected in the increase in our annual dividend amount by 11% to $1.46 per share. A rising dividend is a key component of long-term shareholder value creation. So I am proud to note that Broadridge has raised its dividend every year since becoming a public company, and that fiscal 2018 will be the sixth consecutive year of a double-digit increase. Finally, a word on guidance, as I noted we expect 2018 to be another Broadridge type of year, which means we expect another year of mid-single-digit recurring fee revenue growth and double-digit EPS growth. Our fiscal year 2018 guidance calls for just that; 4% to 6% recurring fee revenue growth, continued margin expansion, 15% to 19% adjusted EPS growth and strong sales. Let me now turn the call over to Tim for a review of our business segments.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. We're now on slide 5. As Rich noted, Broadridge performed well in fiscal 2017 with strong growth in both ICS and GTO. I am especially pleased with performance of the GTO business in fiscal 2017. Our (13:48) have put a lot of work into that business over the past several years to align it with the key market growth trends and it's gratifying to see that paying off. On an organic basis, ICS recurring fee revenue grew by 8% in the fourth quarter and 6% for the year. Our growth benefited from a strong proxy season and stock record growth, which measures the growth in total shareholder positions, grows 8% for the full year including 10% in the all-important fourth quarter, and was stronger than the 3% growth reported for fiscal 2016. While stock record growth can vary from year to year, underlying that growth is a continued popularity of stock ownership as a means to invest. After the financial crisis, stock record growth was slow to recover averaging 1% over the 2011 to 2013 period. Since then, the number has been much healthier averaging 7% over the past four years including 2017's 8%. By staying ahead of the market, Broadridge continues to benefit from that trend and our hardworking ICS associates have evolved our world-class service to create a true industry standard. Another driver of our organic growth in the fourth quarter was stronger mutual fund and ETF interim record growth. Just as stock record growth, is a proxy for the number of individual stockholders, interim record growth captures the number of funded ETF holders who hold funds in ETF and beneficial accounts. In general, interim record growth tends to track the overall level of fund flows into mutual funds and ETF. These flows get into negative territory at the end of fiscal 2016. Since the fall, however, fund flows have turned positive again and that turn has been reflected in our business. After a slow start to the year, mutual fund and ETF, interim record growth picked up in the second half rising to 7% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, interim record growth was 4% in line with 2016. The biggest driver of recurring fee revenue growth in our ICS segment was the acquisition of NACC, which contributed $424 million to our recurring revenue growth. Our teams across the company have put in an enormous effort to make this acquisition a success; the integration is going well. As you know, we expected some near-term revenue headwinds as part of our acquisition case. We've been pleasantly surprised by the strength of the recent sales activity and a growth in the pipeline. To make me optimistic, it will put the business on the solid growth track sooner than we had anticipated. Looking forward, we expect continued recurring revenue growth across the ICS segment in fiscal 2018 driven by steady growth in regulatory communications, strong sales of our data and analytics and other filings, moderated by the numb client losses in NACC. Turning away from recurring revenue, our ICS business also benefited from strong event-driven activity in fiscal 2017. Event-driven revenues rose 10% for the full year and 62% in the fourth quarter. The biggest contributor to the changes in the event-driven revenues both on a quarter-to-quarter as well as on an annual basis due to timing when and when mutual fund complexes go to their fund holders for a vote. Typically, they will do so every five years to seven years. In the fourth quarter when the largest mutual fund and ETF complexes went out for a vote, the overall level activity was higher than normal. We estimate fiscal 2017 mutual fund proxy activity cover 20% of all funds which will put us closer to the high end of that five year to seven year historical range. Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, another major fund complex has already filed to go out for a vote, so we are forecasting another year of strong activity. Our event-driven revenues also benefited from increase in shareholder activism at large companies including recent campaigns at our clients at General Motors. Because of their short notice, these large campaigns are complex and require real precision to execute. Broadridge's ability to do so is a core skillset of our proxy franchise. Let's move to GTO. As I said at the outset, the GTO business continuous to perform well reporting 11% growth in the fourth quarter and 9% for the full-year as the strong sales led momentum we have seen all year continued. As Jim will discuss, this growth translated into strong earnings for the year. We recorded another record year for GTO closed sale in fiscal year 2017, which combined with a strong backlog from prior years positions us well for continued growth in 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Jim to write a review of our financial results.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim. And good morning, everyone. I'll make a few callouts to begin. First, our performance, we finished off fiscal 2017 in strong fashion with very healthy, organic growth and strong sales. We laid the foundation for another year solid top-line and bottom-line growth in part due to our ongoing investments in the business. Second, guidance: Our guidance for adjusted EPS growth for fiscal 2018 is 15% to 19%. This includes a projected excess tax benefit of $25 million or a net of $0.19 per share benefit after taking into account the adjustment to diluted shares outstanding. As you know, new accounting rules require us to report the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation on our income statement, rather than only on the cash flow statement beginning in our fiscal year 2018. As a point of reference, and as reported on our statements of cash flows, this benefit was $40 million, $21 million and $41 million for fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017 respectively, a bit more on this later. Third, contribution from the NACC acquisition: the acquisition achieved our first-year adjusted EPS contribution target on lighter than anticipated revenues. Fourth, free cash flow, we generated $402 million in fiscal year 2017, up 11% versus last year and slightly better than the high end of our guidance range on favorable working capital, tax payment timing and capital expenditure shifting from fiscal 2017, to fiscal 2018. (20:49) call out is a reminder of the seasonality of our business to help put the fourth quarter into context. Because of the timing of proxy season, Broadridge's fourth quarter has a disproportionate impact on our full-year results. This year, we generated 32% of our full-year revenues and more than half of our earnings in the fourth quarter. I'll touch on these topics again throughout my review. Let's move to a quick recap of our financial results. Fourth quarter 2017 recurring fee revenues rose 24% to $806 million, and total revenues rose 38% to $1.3 billion. Adjusted operating income rose 16% to $324 million and adjusted EPS rose 18% to $1.71 per share. For the full year, recurring fee revenues rose 29% to $2.5 billion. Our adjusted operating income margin was 15% and adjusted EPS rose 15% to $3.13. As Rich noted, these results were very much in line with our guidance from last year and our three-year objectives we set out in 2014, both with and without the revenue and adjusted earnings benefits from NACC. Let's turn to slide 6 for a quick review of our key fourth quarter revenue drivers. Total revenues grew 38% to $1.3 billion. The acquisition of NACC contributed $251 million and other smaller acquisitions contributed an additional $7 million. Event-driven activity was very strong in the fourth quarter rising 62% to $91 million as a result of stronger mutual fund and equity proxy activity. Event-driven revenues added 4 points to our overall growth in the quarter. Recurring fee revenues grew 24% in the fourth quarter, organic recurring fee revenue growth was 8%, onboarding of new business or closed sales as shown here was the largest organic contributor and represented a strong finish to the year. Internal growth, which accounted for half of the organic growth benefited for the pick-up and stock record growth as Tim just discussed. Turning to full-year revenues on slide 7: total revenues grew 43% to $4.1 billion in fiscal 2017. The acquisition of NACC which occurred on the first day of the fiscal quarter were the biggest driver of our total growth, contributing $1.1 billion to our revenues. Event-driven revenues rose 10% to $219 million adding 1 point to our revenue growth. Organic recurring revenue growth was 6% for the full year, the biggest driver of organic growth was the impact of strong closed sales, which accounted for 6 points of growth partially offset by 2 points of client losses. While internal growth added another 2 points to growth, our revenue lifeblood continues to be new sales. Turning to slide 8, adjusted operating income rose 16% or $324 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, that growth was driven by strong organic recurring fee revenue growth and higher event-driven revenues. These benefits were partially offset by a higher level of investment from our recent efficiency initiatives. Adjusted operating income margins declined 450 basis points to 24.1%, largely as a result of adding the lower margin NACC business, partially offset by the higher margins in GTO. Adjusted EPS rose 18% to $1.71 in the fourth quarter. Our adjusted EPS received a boost from a slight reduction in our tax rate, as well as a 1% reduction in our diluted weighted average share count resulting from our share repurchases. Moving to slide 9, for full year 2017 our adjusted operating income grew 16% and adjusted EPS rose 15% to $3.13. Excluding the NACC impact, adjusted operating income margins would have expanded approximately 40 basis points. Turning to slide 10, I'll discuss the fourth quarter performance of our ICS and GTO segments. Our ICS segment had a strong quarter, ICS revenues rose 45% to $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, driven by the impact of a higher recurring fee event and distribution revenues from NACC. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 30% to $596 million. On an organic basis revenues rose 8%, driven by internal growth with the 10% stock record growth and 7% growth in the ETF and Mutual Fund interim record growth. Clearly, these are pretty healthy market factors and it is good to see the pickup. ICS earnings before taxes rose 13% to $296 million with the benefit of a higher recurring and event-driven revenues more than offsetting amortization and integration expense related to the NACC and Inveshare technology acquisitions. The GTO business continued to perform well. GTO recurring revenues rose 11% to $210 million, organic growth was 7%. As has been the case all year, growth in GTO continued to be driven by Net New Business, as the segment continues to work for the backlog created by the continuing record sales. Trading volumes, especially equity trades which were up 5%, were also a modest contributor to internal growth. GTO earnings before taxes rose 15% to $41 million, as we continue to realize positive operating leverage especially from Net New Business. Before, I move to our cash flows, I'd like to provide some additional comments on the results of our NACC acquisition. That business is now wholly integrated into the reporting of Broadridge Customer Communications and ICS, which make future comparisons more difficult and less meaningful. NACC revenues came in below our expectation for fiscal year 2017, by about $20 million, mostly as a result of lower volumes at existing customers and one large financial services customer in particular. NACC contributed $0.13 to our adjusted EPS, in line with the $0.11 to $0.14 we anticipated at the time of announcement. For fiscal 2018, we expect about $0.15 of contribution on an adjusted basis, slightly below the $0.16 to $0.21 we anticipated when we announced the deal, with the shortfall driven in part by the lower revenues. Finally, we are seeing strong sales performance, and, as Rich noted, a very strong pipeline. So, I am optimistic that we will achieve revenue growth sooner than we anticipated. Moving on to slide 11, Broadridge generated strong free cash flow of $402 million, up 11% from fiscal 2016. The increase was driven by strong operating performance and favorable event-driven collections activity in the fourth quarter, which resulted in a temporary pickup in working capital. With respect to capital expenditures, we invested $114 million, up from $76 million in fiscal 2016. The increase resulted from NACC-related integration spend, investments in building out additional capacity in India, and upgrading one of our data centers; among other activities. Other large investments including the relocation of our GTO New Jersey headquarters from Jersey City to Newark, slipped out of fiscal 2017 CapEx and will result in another year of elevated capital spend in fiscal 2018. Broadridge continues to focus on a balanced use of its capital. We deployed a total of $539 million in acquisitions. Most of that was on NACC on the first day of the fiscal year, where we also invested to accelerate our proxy blockchain development efforts and to make other tuck-in acquisitions for our GTO business. Our share repurchase activity in fiscal 2017 returned a net $282 million to shareholders. That includes open market purchases of $1.5 million in the fourth quarter worth $109 million or $94 million net of option proceeds. Finally, we are strong believers in the importance of a dividend to long-term shareholder value, so we returned an additional $152 million of capital via the dividend. Anchored in our target payout ratio of 45% of adjusted net earnings the dividend payout will increase in 2018 with our board's decision to increase the dividend per share by 11%. Let's turn to guidance. Our fiscal year 2018 guidance items can be found on slide 12. We expect recurring revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. We expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 2% to 3%. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 16%, up about 100 basis points from fiscal 2017. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be 15% to 19%, including an estimated $0.19 net excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. Excluding that impact, we expect adjusted EPS growth to be 9% to 13%. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million, inclusive of an estimated $25 million excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. Finally, we expect closed sales to be in the range of $170 million to $210 million. As a reminder, Broadridge's guidance excludes any potential impact from acquisitions made in fiscal 2018. Now, we'll provide some additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2018. We expect to see accelerating revenue growth from sales muted a bit by higher losses and less contribution from internal growth. I'll take each piece separately. The biggest driver of Broadridge's recurring revenue growth is expected to come from continued conversion of new sales. We expect growth and absolute revenue additions from sales to increase from 2017 levels. We expect the client revenue retention rate to tick down from 98% in fiscal 2017 to 97%; the ongoing runoff of known Broadridge Customer Communications losses. We are planning on internal growth which contributed 2 points to recurring revenue growth in 2017 to be neutral in 2018. We've assumed more moderate growth in line with recent historical averages for stock record and mutual fund interims, and flat trading volumes. We expect very modest revenue contribution from fiscal 2017 acquisitions. NACC is now included in our organic growth forecast as the transaction closed on the first day of fiscal 2017. On a segment basis, we are forecasting mid-single digit recurring revenue growth for ICS and GTO. As Tim mentioned, we see continuing sales led growth at ICS moderated by the impact of the losses at NACC. We expect both event driven and distribution revenues to be slightly down versus 2017. Let me turn to tax rate, I will round out the implications of the excess tax benefit. With the assumed $25 million benefit showing up on our tax line, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 29%. Excluding that impact, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 34% or consistent with the previous years. In addition to lowering our effective tax rate, the new stock-based compensation rules will result in a slightly higher diluted share count in 2018. Also the inclusion of the tax benefit on the income statement will have the effect of moving this impact into our free cash flow metric going forward. It is also important to remember that we expect this number to be volatile quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, and will be difficult to forecast. As I noted earlier, some of our planned capital spending was deferred from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018. As a result, we expect capital spending to be in the $110 million to $130 million range in 2018, this means, we'll have another CapEx year in the range of 2.5% to 3% of total revenue. Finally, as you think about the first quarter, expect Q1 adjusted operating income to be modestly lower in our fiscal 2017 due to lingering expenses related to our efficiency initiatives. This will be offset by the excess tax benefit assuming a quarter and a full year assumption as realized in the first quarter. With that, I'll hand the call back to Rich for his closing remarks.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. I'm on slide 13 of the presentation, let's review the key points of our call. We delivered a strong fiscal year 2017, with recurring revenue growth of 29%, adjusted EPS growth of 15%, and most importantly record closed sales of 25%. Those results mean that we were successful in delivering on the three objectives we laid out at our last Investor Day achieving a recurring revenue CAGR of 14% and adjusted earnings CAGR of 11%. Broadridge increased its dividend for the 10th consecutive year, underscoring our commitment for long-term shareholder value creation. And our 2018 guidance calls for more of the same, recurring revenue growth of 46%, double-digit EPS growth and strong closed sales, in other words another typical Broadridge year. Looking beyond 2018, I believe Broadridge is again in a position than ever to sustain its growth. Let me tell you why I'm very confident. If you recall our Investor Day in 2014, we laid out three key areas of investment. We said we would invest in our technology organization, since then we have invested in our technology team and platforms, to the point where we are now running the do facto standard back-office utility for more than 30 clients and working to integrate blockchain capabilities and cloud based communications into our core product offerings. We said we would invest in strengthening and enhancing of product portfolio. Over the past several years, we have continued to make tuck-in acquisitions to broaden our global product portfolio and are continuing to build world-class managed services capabilities by leveraging our presence in the U.S., India and elsewhere. Finally, we have continued to build the Broadridge brand by investing in our sales and marketing capabilities. As a result of those investments, Broadridge is now a much stronger position than it was three years ago. Our reputation among our clients used to be that of a trusted vendor who could efficiently manage existing technology. Now, we are increasingly being approached by our clients, as a partner who can help them adopt new technologies, and transform their business models. That puts Broadridge, in a much stronger position to pursue the large market transformational opportunities that we see around mutualization and digitization. We'll share more of how we intend to pursue those opportunities at our Investor Day. But for now, let me briefly cover a few areas where we think we can drive significant value for our clients. As financial services institutions look to transform and utilize their mission critical, but non-differentiating back office functions, Broadridge is the only player with the proven technology, scale, innovation, experience, and most importantly, the clients to achieve this and meet their needs. Building on that position as an industry utility, we are well positioned to add additional layers of value, by driving network benefits to our clients. That should lead to additional opportunities, around fastest settlement time, and even the ability to create greater liquidity and fixed income markets. We also see significant opportunities to continue to expand our post trade utility franchise, outside of North America. We are working with mutual funds and regulators that continue to drive increased engagement, and cost efficiencies into their communications with their fund holders. We also see additional opportunities to help them streamline their operations. And I see a significant long term opportunity to help our clients navigate the evolution of transactional communications from email and envelopes into a more dynamic and cloud based future. A more immediate step in realizing this objective will be to win existing print business from key large in-house players and with the pipeline we have built over the past year, I am more optimistic than ever about our ability to do that. Today, we have the depth and breadth of product opportunities, the depth of management talent and the depth of credibility with our clients to pursue these exciting opportunities. Anyone or more of them could contribute meaningfully to our overall growth. As I look out over the next few years, that's a great position to be in. Before I turn the call over to your questions, I want to thank more than 10,000 Broadridge associates for their work over the last 12 months. Their commitment to meeting or exceeding our clients' expectations is what the service profit chain is all about and is what drives the financial results that we reported this morning. Now let's open it up for your questions, Adrianne, please open the call up.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore SIS (sic) [ISI].
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, David.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Good morning.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: I'd like to ask about the 2018 outlook. Perhaps you could drill down a little bit more on the 2% to 3% revenue growth guidance. I heard the call outs on kind of elevated event driven activity in 2017 and a big pickup in stock record growth. I'd just like to understand the 2% to 3% better particularly in light of the 25% growth in record closed sales in 2017.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure, David. This is Jim. First just breaking down, we've got the recurring piece at 4% to 6% which is almost all organic and very much in line with our longer term organization growth. If you move to event, we had a very good event year, but as we said we think event is going to be flat. So, on a total revenue growth basis that will be a bit of a drag off of that 4% to 6%. And then the next piece is you layer in that distribution revenue which we're also saying will be down and there are a couple of factors in there. One is we had large contest activity in this past year that Tim mentioned that comes with it a lot of postage revenues given the mix of it. We don't anticipate that repeating, so that will drive a decrease in addition to some of the customer communications work we talked about, that also comes with high postage and that is going to have a slight contraction, so therefore that will come down and have an impact on total revenue. Just circling back to your final point on the closed sales; absolutely great closed sales. We'll get some benefit in 2018, but I think as we've been signaling for a while, even as we've had big sales, some of these larger deals we've been closing certainly have longer conversion times that may not show up until 2019. So, again we see accelerating revenue additions from sales in 2018 for sure with, we think, more impact coming even in 2019.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Dave, I want you to add a little color of that as well. Jim pointed out that we've assumed a more moderate growth due to the historical averages, for the stock record and mutual fund interims and flat trading volumes. To be able to be in the position we're in right now to target, what we're targeting from 2019, assuming that is something we could have never done five plus years ago. And Dave, you've watched us for a quite some time now, and you know that what we're planning fiscal 2018, we're already thinking about 2019 and how we can deliver consistently, so that over any multi-year period, we still believe we're going to be a top total shareholder return performer. That's the way we like running the business.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. And just as follow-on to that Rich, given Jim's comments about the 2017 sales converting in 2019, should we expect to see you back in more of your historical revenue growth algorithm in 2019?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, because, as Jim also pointed out, because of the pass-throughs and with postage in here, you know that our strategy and a key part of why we did the NACC transaction is to be more relevant for the cloud players out there, with the most – and we now have more meaningful content than any other entity that does distribution. So the more successful at converting as we go forward, all right, which I really hope in 2019, we will be converting some volumes over. Okay, if that postage goes away, that would be a good thing. So, it's really the recurring fee revenue that really drives us here more than the total revenue as it relates to the pass-through.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Dave, just to finish out your question on the algorithm. One thing that is a little bit unique, as you look forward to 2019 is that loss rate that we've talked about, would tick up from 2% to 3% as a function of these known losses of BRCC. And so, that's absorbed in our – that 4% to 6% recurring revenue growth. And again, we've got, given the pipeline we're optimistic that, maybe, we can get that business in a growth mode sooner, which means as we think about that growth algorithm going forward, it would start – it would not be a drag to our growth as it is this year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with D.A. Davidson.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Hi, good morning everyone. And I'm having just a little trouble reconciling some of the same issues. Can you quantify the dollar amount of the known losses at NACC? And when do you expect them to be fully be de-converted?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Pete, maybe just how that – we've talked about that loss rate going up from 2% to 3%. I would attribute most of that, if not all that percentage point to NACC. So, on a $2.5 billion base you would then for somewhere in the neighborhood of $25 million and that's probably a pretty good indication of it. In terms of that run-off, it will be a long way through by the end of 2018. Although we do anticipate some remnant still probably de-converting in 2019. But as we think about the sales that are coming on, hopefully that becomes, kind of, de minims in the overall growth algorithm.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Peter, it's Tim Gokey. Just one thing that I wanted to add to it is that the vast majority of these losses which were known at the time of the acquisition represent business model changes for the clients rather than independent decisions to leave. So, examples would be a major client was acquired and another one that is changing its billing system provider. So those are not related to the service that is being provided by us is really related to things that are going on in those client businesses.
Peter J. Heckmann - D.A. Davidson Companies: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of event driven, you said – you implied in your guidance is event driven will be down for the year. Are we talking kind of mid-single-digits, and then I think Rich did call out another major mutual fund family that announced that they are going out for a vote in fiscal 2018, which quarter do you expect that to hit?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: First off, on the overall question on event driven, we do see it down, very modestly low-single-digit type contraction – low- to mid-single-digit contraction. In terms of the large proxy we talked about, too early to give you a quarter, although as Tim mentioned filings out there, so you can start to maybe assume that it's first half barring any kind of major hiccup or change in plans.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: It's very easy to delay a filing, all right. And I wouldn't say it happens with great frequency, but it can happen.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: My question...
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I wanted to ask Jim on the tax issue just because of the accounting change, it seems like it's something that should be largely recurring in nature, is that a fair way to think about it and would you have any insight on what it could be in 2019 in terms of the excess benefit from stock-based compensation or is it way too early to tell?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pete, that's a tough question. As we looked in the past three years, I read out those numbers kind of $40 million, $20 million, $40 million, in that range. There's some benefit that's been recurring for sure and if – as you know the key variables are stock price exercise level of options, a little bit of restricted stock, vesting with the bigger one is option. So, the things that we have to know and assume are a little bit around performance of shares, a little bit about what's going to be vested and available for exercise, and then the actual exercise activity that goes on. So, very difficult to project. Other than if I look at the trend, look at where we are, it looks like we'll have a meaningful contribution next year, given the number of options we have, we think that it continues to contribute going forward, but as I said very volatile, very difficult to forecast.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Understood, I appreciate identifying the key factors there. And then, separate issue, I want to congratulate Tim on the promotion, but then to ask Rich, the question is, just I'm curious why the timing now, is it – as you're working on the three-year plan or does it reflect the good work Tim has done in his various roles, just curious why now?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, as you know, prior to Tim, John Hogan was president, and I liked the structure first of all, all right. And it absolutely is a reflection for the contribution that Tim has made. And it's certainly anticipation of those contributions continuing as Tim and I work together over the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Jain with JPMorgan.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Now that NACC is fully integrated, can you review your M&A strategy and if you'd be willing to do another relatively large acquisition beyond the usual tuck-ins?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. So, in terms of NACC, we went out very clearly at the time we did the transaction. We have what we need in terms of content where it's close to 6 billion pieces of meaningful content to execute against our strategy. We're very confident that we're going to be able to grow the revenue of that business because the reaction from in-house, large in-house providers, think like major banks and major financial service companies that have an in-house operation, have been impressed by our overall strategy, which includes not only the very, very efficient distribution of the material as it exists today, a very, very efficient meaning of far better postal situation where we get about 95% at a nine-digit sort capability, which is real money. And then on top of that, okay, are very meaningful investments to enable us to be able to go to the cloud provider of their choice encrypted, secure, et cetera, is something where we're going to folks, where most people do what we do where most people do what we do are opposed to eliminating print. And we're going to folks with this strategy that says, we're coming here because we want to help you eliminate print faster and through our network, you may have a customer that's eliminated print with us somewhere else and we'll enable you to get to that customer and show them how they can eliminate print with you as well, getting to that network value we talk about. So, I don't really see the need for us to grow that part of the business through acquisition, if there is an opportunity on something in technology to enable the network benefits and the cloud benefits to happen faster, that's something we would certainly consider. And again you should be thinking tuck-in, nothing of any transformative nature.
Puneet Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. That's good explanation. And then given equity markets where they are, what do you expect for stock record growth this year? And just to confirm, you expect equity trade volume to be flat in fiscal 2018?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I'm going to provide a little color and then ask Tim to comment on this as well. I just called out earlier again Jim's comment about, we're looking at the volumes for next year, as part of the plan we gave you to be moderate, all right. Now, you can tell me better than I should be able to tell you what these markets are going to continue to do. If we're going to continue to have these fabulous returns for years to come, I would tell you that I would think stock record and interim growth et cetera, would continue to perform very, very nicely, all right. I think we're taking a prudent approach to giving the solid plans the next year, all right. And being modest in the way we're looking at stock record growth and interim growth. Jim why don't you talk about the flows and some of the other things we've done a far better job over recent year or so in trying to understand these better?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely, and I do think that the key point here is that we believe that our stock record as it has been for the past decade is a long-term trend and that will continue with the help of overall equity markets and there may be short-term fluctuations as there has been in the past, but the long-term is very solid. Specifically, for the coming year as I described and as Tim described, we're really looking at historic averages for those and sort of playing this, sort of, right down in the middle of the fairway. There have been – there was a slowdown on the mutual fund flow side earlier in the year that is coming back and that seems to be much more in line with historic averages now than it was 12 months ago, and that's a positive. And so, we see this is something that we think is really just part of that long-term outplay. Obviously, if we were in the position of pure market prognosticators we'd be in the business side, but it's – we do think it'd be very positive over the long run.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. One point of a personal note. So, it's been 10 years of Broadridge, it's been almost four decades for me of the benefits of stock record growth and I'll tell you that, there are many times in my career that stock record growth mainly look a lot taller than and bigger than they actually are.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Speaking of stock record position growth, I was curious how much of that 10% growth you saw in the fourth quarter came from winning back that one client that you mentioned?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: The client is not live yet. So we'll be doing the conversion at the end of the year. So, there is absolutely nothing related to that.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So upside in the future but not in the fourth quarter this year. And then question on expenses, and maybe this is for Jim, pretty big ramp in unallocated expenses in the fourth quarter this year? And it sounds like that's going to carry over into the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Can you provide a little bit more color on what some of those expenditures are and how you're able to ramp them up and then back down relatively quickly?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Patrick. So in the fourth quarter you are seeing our investments ramp from the efficiency initiatives, which is a combination of both consulting costs as well as severance costs related to this. And as we said, we started doing this work over the summer. So some of it will fall into the first quarter and so you'll see more of the same type of expenses in Q1, and then complete this overall initiative.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. And Patrick, this is Rich. You know that we are zealous of our commitment to the service profit chain here. And what we are doing here though, I think really does align very importantly with the fundamentals of the service profit chain, and looking at the organization and saying, over the last 10 years as we've grown, we've also grown in a number of tiers that we have in the organization. And in my heart of heart as an entrepreneur I really believe a flat organization where there is less layers between the customer and me is critical that we always listen to the customer. And Tim and the team have done a lot of work on this. I'm going to ask Tim to comment on just what we believe. Yeah there is going to be some expense here benefit, but the real thing is, is the flexibility we have and the responsiveness that we'll have with the customers going forward.
Timothy C. Gokey - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Absolutely. And I think the other element that I would add to this is, we're going to be talking at our Investor Day about our outlook going forward and how we are realigning the business further around some of the biggest growth trends that we see. And some of these organizational changes are really getting in front of that and aligning the organization around phasing off against our biggest client opportunities. And then within that, as Rich said, we're really working to flatten our organization to get closer to the client to make it more nimble. We did this last year with our GTO organization, and in that effort we reduced that organization by three layers, we increased average span of control. We had a significant portion of associates are being promoted and really improved the overall organizational health. And we saw success in that effort, we're bringing that to the rest of the company now. And we're very pleased with what we think, that's going to do for us going forward, both in terms of just the overall health of the organization and then in particularly with our alignment around our biggest opportunities.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's great.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Tim, I should have said this when I was asked about your promotion. One of the things that both I and the board have been very, very excited and impressed is, today Broadridge has two great segments. I mean what happened in GTO, and the very specific focus that Tim put into GTO to enable that business to contribute the way it contributed today. But more importantly, when we talk about the industry's need to take out cost and neutralize cost et cetera, GTO is well on its way to creating a franchise standard that we have in proxy and in our communications segment. And, so, I'm glad that Tim also pointed out for the upcoming Investor Day, because what I tried to cover in the call today was tangible things. In the past all of you asked me, well, tell me the things that can happen. Managed services can move the needle around here. Making fixed income making more happen that can move the needle around here. What we're doing in the mutual funds, and working with the regulators to make communications more efficient, as in less costly and better for investors. And this is just a tee off to how you'll see we're building the foundation, and what Tim and the team have done to build the foundation, as we roll out on Investor Day. So, I don't want to wish my life away here, but we're really excited and we really hope you will mark your calendar. We think it's going to be well worth the time to be with us on Investor Day come December.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to return the call over to Mr. Thibault for closing remarks.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Adrianne. Before we close, let me remind you that we will be hosting an investor lunch as we generally do, to discuss our results at our offices in New York next Wednesday, August 16. If you would like to attend, please do let me know, and we'll conclude on that note. Thank you all very much for your interest and ownership in Broadridge and choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Crispin Elliot Love - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alfonso, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the Broadridge Fiscal Year 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded, and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Alfonso. And good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our President and CEO; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Please note that the earnings release announcing our third quarter results and slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. An explanation of our use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliation to their comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Broadridge's President and Chief Executive Officer, Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to everyone on our call. I would like to start off this morning with the highlights section on page 4 of our presentation slides. Broadridge reported strong third quarter results. Total revenues rose 46% to $1 billion in the third quarter. As has been the case all year, the acquisition of NACC continues to be the largest contributor to our total revenue growth, adding to both recurring revenues and distribution revenues. Adjusted operating income rose 22% to $134 million, and adjusted EPS rose by 19%. Profit growth reflects the impact of NACC, our organic growth, and an increase in event-driven revenues. Recurring fees rose by 30%, driven by the NACC acquisition. On an organic basis, our recurring fee revenues rose 4% and are up 5% year-to-date. Our organic fee revenue growth continues to be broad-based across both the ICS and GTO segments. Our growth is also being led by new sales, an indication that our product innovation is well-aligned with the underlying growth drivers in our markets. Speaking of sales, we reported another strong quarter for closed sales, as Broadridge continues to benefit from strong demand for its solutions and services. Third quarter closed sales were $48 million, up 66% versus the third quarter 2016. Those results pushed our year-to-date closed sales to $125 million, 33% higher than last year. I'm especially pleased at the breadth of this quarter's sales, which are not being driven by any single significant new win, but instead represent literally hundreds of incremental wins. As always, many of these sales require lengthy implementations and will take time to translate into revenues. But the increase in our backlog gives us more visibility into Broadridge's growth going forward. Broadridge's balanced capital allocation strategy enabled us to continue to invest in the business, while returning capital to our shareholders. During the quarter, we made a small tuck-in acquisition to expand our compliance capabilities in our GTO product suite for $24 million and repurchased a total of 1.6 million shares of Broadridge. We are reaffirming our 2017 financial guidance. With three quarters behind us and with more visibility into the proxy season, I am pleased to report that we are on track to achieve the guidance we laid out at the beginning of fiscal 2017 for our key metrics: recurring fee revenue growth; adjusted EPS growth; and closed sales. Achieving this will enable us to meet the three-year objectives we laid out, out of our December 2014 Investor Day. Moving to slide 5, I will provide a high-level update on Broadridge's business. I'm pleased with the solid momentum across both segments. One of Broadridge's core characteristics is that we are not dependent on any single product line to drive overall growth. That multiple paths to success strategy was critical to our growth in the third quarter. Our 4% organic growth in the third quarter was broadly based and reflected our investments to align our products with key growth drivers. Net New Business accounted for all of the growth in both segments in the third quarter. Our ICS segment grew 6% organically, benefiting from new customer communications business from existing customers as well as more growth across some of our new products. Data and analytics, tax, and other newer products all contributed to ICS' growth in the quarter, as our clients sought to reduce cost and better target new investors. It was a similar story in GTO. While organic growth was 3%, growth from Net New Business accelerated modestly to 5%, as we began to recognize additional revenues from our international business and new managed services deals, taking advantage of the desire by global banks to reshape their operations. Stock and mutual fund position growth remains a key driver of our long-term growth. Equity stock position growth was 6% in the third quarter, and we are expecting yet another year of mid-single-digit growth for fiscal year 2017. The solid growth in stock positions reflects the important role that individual stockholdings play in the savings of many individual investors and the increasing diversification of these accounts. While ETFs have attracted significant new flows in recent years, the number of stocks held in brokerage accounts has also continued to increase. Speaking of ETFs, we also saw an increase in mutual fund and ETF interim position growth to 5% in the third quarter, up from 1% in the first and second quarters. The stronger growth in mutual fund and ETF holdings reflects the very healthy level of inflows and to these investments over the past several months. We are hopeful that this quarter's stronger number reflects a return to more normalized level of growth, as funds remain an important investment vehicle to individuals. Closed sales momentum remained strong. Broadridge posted record third quarter sales of $48 million, putting us on track to report another record for the full year. While in the past, we have achieved record sales with the help of one or more large strategic deals, this was not the case in the third quarter. Instead, Broadridge benefited from a broad range of deals ranging from some sizeable deals for customer communications to a new deal to provide cloud-based marketing solutions to the wealth advisory unit of a large insurance client. We also grew share of our proxy market by bringing one of the fastest-growing global advisors onto our platform. Our success in increasing our level of closed sales over the last two years is a direct result of our multiple paths strategy and our commitment to the service profit chain that you have heard being mentioned over, and over, and over again. So, here I go again. First and foremost, a direct outcome from the investments we have made will organically enter acquisitions as resulted in the broadening of our product line. Having more products gives us more opportunities to approach existing and new clients with solutions that they value. Next, we've invested in our sales force by bringing in new talent and reorganizing ourselves to better align with our clients, which enables us to build deeper client relationships at all levels. The last element is our focus on client service as part of our deep cultural commitment to the service profit chain. Client satisfaction is an important consideration and the bonus compensation of all of our associates. And for more than 50% of our associates, it is the only consideration. That translates into an ability to meet or exceed expectations when it comes to managing complex implementations and client satisfaction. That, in turn, mean that some of the largest financial firms in the world are comfortable increasing their reliance on Broadridge to deliver mission-critical services. As a result of these investments and new products, sales and service, our sales pipeline continues to grow. We expect our closed sales for fiscal 2017 to be in the top half of our $140 million to $180 million guidance range. The operating environment in financial services is currently stable. While talk of tax cuts and a stronger equity market may eventually translate into increased activity, our growth is being driven by long-term trends, including: our bank clients continue to emphasize their need to make structural changes in the way they operate in order to boost long-term profitability; our mutual fund clients remain challenged by shifts towards passive investing and are seeking to streamline their course and improve their outreach to new customers; wealth managers are seeking more tools to help them better identify and better serve their clients; and all our clients are looking to reduce paper and postage expenses. These are the trends that Broadridge is well-positioned to take advantage of. And I don't see any less urgency from clients on addressing those challenges. Looking ahead, we do see some modest upside in our event-driven business, as we now expect higher fourth quarter revenues for our event-driven mutual fund proxy business. There has been little significant news on the regulatory side of late, as the new administration continues to put its team in place. One item of note was the confirmation of Jay Clayton as SEC Chair. During his testimony, Mr. Clayton emphasized the need to make it easier for U.S. companies to tap into public markets as a source of capital. We think Broadridge's technology and cloud-based digital assets, are well-positioned to help advance that goal. With that update, let me now turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everyone. Before reviewing the quarter and outlook in more detail, I'll make a few callouts to begin. First, guidance. We're reaffirming our fiscal year 2017 guidance this morning, and I will give you a sense on where we expect to land within those ranges. Specific to earnings, we expect adjusted EPS growth will be in the range of 13% to 15% in the middle of our 12% to 17% guidance range. Second, investment gain. In connection with the acquisition of Message Automation, we realized a $9 million investment gain related to our prior ownership stake. For purposes of our adjusted earnings, we deducted this income, dollar for dollar, since it's a non-taxable gain. And third, tax rate. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 28.6%, which was driven down by the impact of the Message Automation investment gain. Our effective tax rate after adjusting for the gain was 31.3%. Our full-year GAAP tax rate is expected to be 33% or 34%, excluding the Message Automation gain. I will touch on these topics again through my review of the quarter and our outlook. I will now provide a quick recap of our results. Third quarter 2017 recurring fee revenues rose 30% to $592 million; and total revenues rose 46% to $1.01 billion. Adjusted operating income rose 22% to $134 million; and adjusted EPS rose $19% to $0.69 per share; and closed sales rose 66% to $48 million. Let's move to the drivers of our top line growth, which are laid out on page 6 of the presentation. I will start with total revenues and then focus on recurring fee revenues. As I noted, total revenues grew 46% to $1.01 billion. The acquisition of NACC, which occurred on the first day of the first fiscal quarter was the biggest driver of our total growth, contributing $277 million to our revenues. That acquisition drove much of the increase in both recurring revenues and distribution revenues. Event-driven fee revenues, up 26%, were a nice contributor for our growth in the quarter, rising $12 million to $61 million. That increase contributed 2 points to our overall revenue growth in the third quarter. The impact of changes in foreign currency was a slight drag on our reported revenues but less an impact than it has been in recent quarters. Recurring fee revenues grew 30% to $592 million. Excluding the impact of NACC and other acquisitions, organic recurring fee revenue growth was 4% in the third quarter. The biggest driver of our organic growth with the impact of strong closed sales, which accounted for 7 points of growth was partially offset by 2 points of client losses. Internal growth was negative 1%. Excluding the impact of the Accenture Post Trade Processing or APTP recontracted from a year ago, which I will discuss in my comments on the GTO segment results, internal growth would have been neutral, and organic recurring fee revenue growth was at 5%. Our year-to-date revenue figures can be found on page 7. Total revenues rose 45% to $2.8 billion with NACC, again, being the largest driver and with event-driven revenues a drag. Recurring revenues rose 32% to $1.6 billion. Organic growth contributed 5 percentage points to our recurring fee growth over the first nine months, with the balance coming from acquisitions, mostly, NACC. Turning to slide 8. Adjusted operating income rose 22% to $134 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. That growth was driven by the acquisition of NACC, organic recurring fee revenue growth, and the impact of higher event-driven revenues. Adjusted operating income margins declined from 15.9% to 13.2%, largely as a result of adding the lower-margin NACC business, partially offset by the increase in event-driven revenue and higher margins in the GTO segment. Adjusted EPS rose 19% to $0.69; and GAAP EPS grew by 21%. There are three items of note that had an impact on EPS. The first was the $9 million non-cash gain, resulting from the acquisition of Message Automation. Because Broadridge owned a minority interest in that company, the acquisition triggered a revaluation of our investment stake, resulting in a one-time non-cash gain, which was not subject to tax. So, all $9 million fell directly through to our reported GAAP earnings and GAAP EPS. While the gain benefited our GAAP EPS, it has been excluded from our non-GAAP adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS. The second item was the tax rate. Excluding the impact of the Message Automation gain, our tax rate was 31.3% in the third quarter. As we have in recent fiscal third quarters, we recognized one or more discrete items, which had the effect of lowering our third quarter rate that had only a small impact on the forecasted full-year rate. We expect our tax rate for the full year to be approximately 34%, excluding this gain and 33% with the gain. The third item to point out is the share count. A 1% decline in the weighted average shares outstanding also contributed modestly to our EPS growth. That decline primarily reflects the shares Broadridge repurchased over the past three fiscal quarters. Moving to slide 9. For the nine-month period, our adjusted operating income grew by 16%; and adjusted EPS rose 12%. Turning to slide 10, a review of the performance of our ICS and GTO segments. ICS revenues rose 60% to $826 million in the third quarter, driven largely by the impact of higher recurring fee and distribution revenues from NACC and an increase of event-driven revenues. ICS recurring fee revenues rose 48% to $389 million. On an organic basis, revenues rose 6%, driven entirely by Net New Business. ICS recurring fee revenues benefited from organic growth in our communications business and from growth in data and analytics, tax, and other new product lines. As Rich noted, ICS revenues also benefited from a pickup in ETF and mutual fund interim position growth to 5%, as well as 6% stock record growth. ICS earnings before taxes rose 10% to $74 million from $67 million. The growth in earnings reflects the impact of the NACC acquisition and higher event-driven revenues, which more than offset higher amortization expense related to the NACC and Inveshare technology acquisitions. Next, to GTO. GTO recurring revenues rose 6% to $203 million. Organic growth was 3%, and recent acquisitions contributed another 3%. Breaking down the organic growth, closed sales added 7 points of revenue growth, which netted to 5 points of Net New Business after client losses. The contribution from Net New Business reflects the strong GTO sales results over the last couple of years, including some sales closed in fiscal year 2015. This meaningful lag between sales and revenue recognition highlights the number of larger deals we have been closing. These larger deals are typically more complex and have longer conversion times. Similarly, as we consider the recent record sales results, many of the sales we have closed over the course of this fiscal year will not begin to have an impact on reported revenues until late fiscal 2018, 2019, and in some cases, even 2020. The growth in revenue attributed to Net New Business was offset by negative 2 points of internal growth. Our general growth comparison was impacted by the recognition of $4 million of revenues in the third quarter of 2016 related to the recontracting of a single APTP contract. Excluding the impact of that revenue, internal growth would've been modestly positive; and GTO organic growth would've been 5%. GTO earnings before taxes rose 10% to $44 million, as we continue to realize positive operating leverage, especially for Net New Business. Moving on to slide 11. Broadridge's annual free cash flow generation is typically weighted to the second half of the year, and I expect fiscal 2017 to follow the same pattern. Broadridge generated $130 million in free cash flow in the third quarter and $93 million year-to-date. We continue to expect to achieve our guidance for the full-year free cash flow of $350 million to $400 million, inclusive of unusually high capital expenditures. At this point, we expect to be in the lower half of that range. Broadridge will continue to balance smart investments in its business with returning capital to shareholders. During the third quarter, we invested $38 million in capital expenditures and software spend and spent $20 million net of cash to acquire Message Automation, adding to the compliance capabilities of our GTO business. We also want to maintain an efficient and lean capital structure. So, as our cash flow picked up, we increased our share repurchase activity. In total, Broadridge repurchased 1.6 million shares for an average price of $69. That brought our quarter-end outstanding share count to 117.1 million. That capital return was in addition to the $40 million return with the quarterly dividend. Now, let's turn to our fiscal year 2017 guidance, which can be found on slide 12. We are reaffirming our guidance for the full year. We continue to expect total revenue growth to be in the range of 40% to 42%. We now expect our event-driven revenues to be higher in the fourth quarter than they were a year ago, as some of the meaningful mutual fund proxy event-driven activity for calendar year 2017, which we highlighted in our February call, is now likely to occur on fiscal fourth quarter. The increase in event-driven revenue, along with associated distribution revenues, is likely to push our reported fiscal 2017 revenues closer to high end of the projected full-year range. For recurring fee revenues, we were reaffirming our guidance of 29% to 31% growth. With a lower than expected revenue contribution from NACC, we expect recurring fee revenue growth to be closer to the lower end of that range. Excluding the impact of NACC, we expect recurring fee revenues to grow 6% to 7%, including organic growth of approximately 5%. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be in the middle of our 12% to 17% range or 13% to 15%. There are few factors at play in the fourth quarter to note. One, we expect ICS, excluding NACC, have a nice finish to the year on recurring fee and earnings growth. Two, NACC is expected to have a seasonally lighter contribution to the fourth quarter, and therefore, will be less meaningful to the quarter's earnings growth. And finally, we expect to incur higher expenses related to efficiency initiatives. Keeping our costs in check is critical to our overall growth strategy. And these initiatives will help to position us for additional growth by enabling us to reinvest in our business, while delivering bottom line growth in fiscal 2018 and 2019. Our final key metric is closed sales. As Rich noted earlier, we have reported record closed sales, and our pipeline remained strong. As a result, we expect to finish the year in the upper half of our closed sales guidance of $140 million to $180 million. One additional housekeeping item with regards to our guidance. We are raising our forecast for segment profit margins for GTO to approximately 21% from approximately 19.5%. That change reflects the healthy increase in GTO profits for the first nine months and our expectations for broadly similar margin in the fourth quarter. So, to sum up, Broadridge reported strong third quarter results, with double-digit growth in revenues, adjusted EPS, and closed sales, and remain on track to deliver our fiscal year 2017 guidance on key metrics of recurring fee revenue growth, adjusted EPS, and closed sales. We continue to maintain a balanced approach to capital utilization, investing in our business while taking advantage of the increase with seasonal cash flow to step up repurchase activity. Broadridge remains focused on disciplined expense management. We expect spending on efficiency initiatives to increase in the fourth quarter, as we position the business for more growth. We look forward to closing out fiscal year 2017 and updating you on our plan for fiscal year 2018 on our August call. With that, I will now hand the call back to Rich for his closing remarks.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. With two months remaining in the fiscal year, we are expecting 2017 to be another typical Broadridge year. By that, I mean, mid-single-digit organic recurring fee revenue growth, modest margin expansion, and low-double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Putting aside the NACC acquisition impact, our guidance very much matches us with that Broadridge kind of standard. Clearly, the acquisition of NACC has had an impact on several of those metrics by significantly accelerating our revenue growth for the year and lowering our reported margins. From a strategy point of view, the acquisition positions us to win new business at some very large clients and accelerate their efforts to move away from traditional mailings to a better digital future. Also, typical of Broadridge is the balance we try to strike between investing in our business and rewarding our shareholders. Over the course of the first nine months of this year, we have deployed your capital to make strategic acquisitions, like NACC, and advancing our blockchain capabilities, and we made two additional tuck-in deals that enhance our existing product line. We have also continued to reward our shareholders in the form of an industry-leading dividend payout and more than $167 million of net share buybacks. And we accomplished all of that, while maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating. That's typical of Broadridge as well. We also continue to invest internally to drive organic growth. Over the 10 years since we became an independent company, we have reshaped our company to aligning with industry growth drivers. Those investments have positioned Broadridge to take advantage of the need by the financial services industry to neutralize large parts of its cost structure. By reinvesting in the technology and people on our GTO business, we have positioned Broadridge to take advantage of that trend. By investing our tax capabilities, we can now offer our clients a tax reporting utility. We have also invested in our data capabilities to enable our brokerage and mutual fund clients to better target their investments. All of those capabilities represent investments we have made in recent years, and all are contributing to our organic growth today. Looking forward, we will continue to invest. A key focus is on how we can better deliver network value to our clients. Today, Broadridge is a key technology enabler of corporate governance across the globe and a critical infrastructure provider to global cash securities trading. We will be seeking to use those privileged positions to provide even more value to our clients. Let me share a few examples. In our GTO business, by leveraging our key role in the fixed income post-trade processing market, we want to enhance our clients' execution capabilities, while driving down their costs. For our wealth management and mutual fund clients, we will continue to utilize the unique data we can derive about investment accounts to enable them to better target new clients. We are also seeking to transform mutual funds' regulatory communications to enable them to develop a more direct relationship with all of their end investors. On the proxy side, we will continue to develop blockchain-enabled services that enhance volume transparency and reduce complexity. I hope you all took note of the successful pilot we conducted of a blockchain-based proxy vote solution with JPMorgan, Northern Trust and Banco Santander. That is the first step towards bringing blockchain capabilities to the market. We're also investing to take advantage of our leadership position in customer communications to accelerate the adoption of cloud-based digital communications, radically lowering our client's cost to reach their customers while, at the same time, dramatically improving the customer experience. Each of these assets, by leveraging Broadridge's scale and scope has the potential to significantly enhance the value we can provide our clients, and in turn, create significant long-term value for Broadridge's shareholders. As a result of the investments we have made in our business, over the past 10 years, Broadridge is better positioned than ever to sustain its growth. We are even more excited about the additional opportunities that remain ahead, as we leverage Broadridge's network value for the benefit of our clients. We head into fiscal 2018 with multiple paths to create near-term and long-term value as we pursue our goal of delivering top quartile total shareholder return. We will talk more about those paths and opportunities we see ahead at our upcoming Investor Day, which will take place on December 5. As many of you are aware, we now host an Investor Day about every three years to lay out our vision for what Broadridge can do over the next three-year horizon. As we near the end of the current three-year cycle, I am proud to note that we are on track to deliver on the objectives we laid out in December 2014. That concludes my prepared remarks, but before I turn it back over for your questions, let me thank our employees for their high level of engagement. Their commitment to serving our customers lies at the heart of the service profit chain. And I always want to make sure that I recognize their tireless efforts. Now, let's open up the line for your questions. Alfonso?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please ask a question.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Rich, a couple of months ago, some of the largest investment banks, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, BofA, announced the formation of Project Scalpel, a consortium to cut up to $2 billion in their equity and fixed income trade processing costs. I'm wondering if Broadridge can play any role in that, either in providing some of the critical infrastructure services or any value-added services beyond that.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, there have been, Dave, a number of dialogues that have taken place. We've participated, I believe, in every one of these dialogues, and have looked at how the industry can mutualize (36:13) cost as we go forward. And Dave, I've been in the industry now for a very, very long time. So, I remember in the mid-1980s, Sandy Weill and George Ball announcing putting things together. And the dialogue's the easy part. Actually getting the rubber to meet the road and find the way to create a multi-entity platform, cost effectively, has always been the challenge. The reason we are participating in all of these dialogues is, because we are really the only true multi-entity platform with the scale and capabilities to drive these type of activities. So, here's what we are looking to do, and I use that term network value for the first time specifically to call this out. So, Dave, I love the question. If you think about us having 19 of the 23 primary dealers, you think about the fixed income markets overall, all right, you think about that being about $6 trillion a day in clearance requirement. We're looking to start there first for our customers. And we've been proposing this out to the market overall. And as the world goes to T+2, we have envisioned to take our clients at the T+2 to T+1 pretty quickly and even to T by netting transactions. If you think of the capital cost benefits of that, it's very, very meaningful. If you think of the taking risk out of the process benefits of that, it's very meaningful. So, in our dialogues, whether it be Scalpel or other activity to the market, Dave, we're constantly out there saying, let's get from this big theory with a pragmatic view of what we can tangibly get done in the near term. Because when you talk about a project of this nature, you're talking about huge investment, okay, which gets a little tiresome unless you deliver results pretty quickly. So, what I love about where we're positioned here, Dave, is for our clients, we are consistently presenting to them a tangible plan based on real assets today. So, in the last quarter, when we announced that significant global bank, okay, arguably the largest global bank, who previously committed to put their worldwide fixed income onto our platform, and then last quarter committed to put their equity platform on us, all right, you're hearing that we're getting very real players, and our ability to do what I just described is the key driver behind that. So, we will continue to talk, and I think, continue to be in every dialogue, because we have the most tangible assets in the process today.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Just as a quick follow-up, could you give us your thoughts on stock record growth for 2018? We've started to see a nice pickup in the IPO market after what was a very weak market in 2016. Should that be encouraging in terms of a possible acceleration in growth in the street name proxy business?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, Dave, look, IPOs and having more companies out there is an important long-term trend. If you look at our ability to grow positions versus the number of public companies out there, we've actually managed to offset position growth by more investors coming in versus the number of companies coming down. My favorite thing is when people spin companies out, because that generally immediately creates two shareholders for every one shareholder that the company previously had. IPOs have been terrific, but what we've seen in this last quarter, whether it be mutual fund position growth or equity position growth, has been more individual investor money coming into the markets. So, this is something that over the long term, we've always seen grow. If you're going to be saving for retirement, even with rates slightly higher, it's going to be pretty difficult to retire, unless you're putting an awful lot of money into fixed income or pretty difficult to plan for your kids' education, et cetera, unless you're getting better returns than what fixed income still offers.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Jain from JPMorgan. Please ask a question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Connor (41:24) on for Puneet. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about your sales and pipeline. It's great to see the strength that you're seeing there. Could you speak a little bit about the sustainability of these sales, and how they're converting? You spoke a little bit about the timing, but could you speak a little bit more on that? Thanks.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, over here (41:45) getting ready for the call, we were talking about multiple paths, the products we've added. I said, I wonder how tired they're getting of hearing me say this. That's when I decided to end the line with just saying, we've been talking about this over, and over, and over again. So, if you exceed customer expectations – and remember, all of our associates are tied to customer satisfaction, over 50% of our associates, the only way they can earn their bonus is if customer satisfaction goes up. So, we have, and we have the data to support it, highly-satisfied customers. And we continue to grow that satisfaction. If we can offer more offerings to those highly-satisfied customers, particularly with an industry that's so focused on getting cost out and neutralizing cost, it puts us in a pretty strong position. So, we try to highlight in this call, and not only, is it record sales, not only we had a great position year-to-date, but it's not even this time from this quarter driven by a single large big deal but it was literally hundreds of deals. So, as we look forward, as you just heard me answer to Dave a minute ago about the opportunity to neutralize cost, right, the NACC transaction has given us near-term benefit, I'll call it cost synergy, mid-term benefit, which played directly into this, because of our ability to have cloud-based digital solutions combined with the most efficient ability to deliver today's needs, our sales pipeline grew with the NACC transaction pretty meaningfully because of that midterm benefit. Of course, what the clients would consider coming with us are looking for is for us to enable them to more successfully get to that longer-term benefit of digitizing these communications. But if you look at all of the products we've added, momentum growing in those products, whether it be tax, data and with GTO segment, the transactions we did this year in GTO, we have more products than ever, and we have a stronger pipeline than ever. And so, we're running this for the long term. That's what you should always hear. We're investing in us, so the more product we have, the more likely we'll be able to maintain this momentum, even if the markets aren't quite as strong as we'd like them to be. And, obviously, if something material happens, we're going to be affected like everybody else, but we're better positioned than we've ever been in our history because of the product we have. And that product turns into the largest pipeline we've ever had.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Connor (44:27), this is Jim. And it sounds like you did catch the comment on the lag between sales and revenue recognition. Again, it's a great success. We've built up a good set of deals in our revenue backlog. And because it's skewing towards larger deals that Rich mentioned, we'll take a little bit more time to see the revenue flow in. So, there'll be a little bit of delayed gratification. That said, it's giving us very good visibility into the next couple of fiscal years, which is a good spot to be in.
Unknown Speaker: Sure. Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please ask a question.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Guys, hoping that you can maybe provide a little bit more color on those efficiency initiatives that you talked about that you're going to start to implement during the fourth quarter.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pat, so, let me start. So, at Broadridge, every year, we expect as part of our associate's commitment and engagement, we expect everybody to be relevant. And part of being relevant is using technology to be more efficient as we go forward. So, that's kind of like table stakes. For like every business, every now and then, you need to take that step back and look and see other ways we can better align with customers, other ways you can potentially flatten the organization to make the distance between me and the customer have less tiers in it. So, I wouldn't call it anything extraordinary, right, but I'd certainly say that there's a little bit more intensity or focus this time around than in the average year.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And Rich, you captured exactly why, which is as I can tell you since I've been here, this is a recurring activity at Broadridge. Sometimes, it's more formal, less formal. As Rich said, maybe a bit more intensity and formality around this. But this is kind of a muscle that we exercise pretty regularly. So, just sort of giving you a heads up that we could see a little bit of elevated expense in the fourth quarter for that, as part of laying our foundation for more growth.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Appreciated that. And then for my follow up, there was one M&A deal during the quarter that you guys did not participate in. That surprised me a little bit. It was the Interactive Data Managed Solutions business that ICE ended up selling to FactSet. And it provides a lot of web-based portal and API functionality to the wealth management industry, and that seems like it's right up your alley. So, I'm guessing you probably don't want to comment on that specific business, but can you maybe give us a view of your wealth management aspirations, and what makes sense, and what doesn't make sense at this point?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, let met first comment on, again, our acquisition strategy is something that we feel we built that muscle over time. So, first, there has to be a strategic fit, and as you pointed out, one can argue at what you just mentioned, probably would have a pretty good strategic fit. Then, there has to be a view that we would be a better owner of the asset, which I'm not going to comment on one way or the other. And then we have to have a view that we're also going to be able to set a return bar that has it make sense on an overall basis. So, every deal has to meet that criteria. And there have been – and I'm not going to comment again on whether this deal was in there or not, I'm just going to simply say that there are literally, probably 10x the number of deals we consider versus, actually, will end up doing. So, there will likely be more deals out there that one could look at and say, why didn't we do it. And there's lots of criteria as to why we do with those deals. In terms of wealth, we have very, very strong processing capabilities. What we're doing in tax certainly enhances our wealth capabilities. Tax is one of the pain points for wealth advisors out there. Personally, when customers or investors are making money, they hate paying taxes, all right. And, we believe, almost like proxy season, tax season is something that shouldn't be as painful as it is today. And with the right technology and the right process tax season shouldn't be a surprise. So, we took proxy season from being an annual fiasco to one of the more recurring activities that can happen in financial services. So, we like what we're doing there. We also like what we're doing in managing our data, all right, and looking at data to give people better insight into the performance of wealth advisors and better insight into targeting potential clients. Again, all of this is with the consent of our clients who get the benefit on the data we have, okay. So, it's their data. We now generically mine that data, but we only do it with their consent, and they also participate in the benefit of that activity. If you take all of that and you look at our strong processing capabilities, and then you look at the clients, who are on our institutional platform, and now could be on our wealth platform, it makes a pretty compelling offering, particularly, as firms continue to try to neutralize cost. Now, these are not quick sells, by any stretch of the imagination, but I like where we're positioned, because we're also viewed out there as the entity that is the most committed to the industry and continues to invest in this business. And we're investing our shareholders' money, again, for that long-term ability to continue to grow shareholder value.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Crispin Love from Sandler O'Neill. Please ask a question.
Crispin Elliot Love - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Just one on the Communications Cloud. I just wanted to see if there's any updates on the Communications Cloud, and if there are any key milestones that we should be looking for in the future for when the cloud starts to generate revenue?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. So, again, if you go back to the press release we had out in Vegas for Money 20/20, we laid out our strategy there, where Broadridge is uniquely positioned to enable our clients to move data into, as we go forward, any one of the key clouds, all right. And so, we're pretty pleased with the fact that the investments we've made over the last couple of years, all right, without any revenue offset, are really starting to come into play, where we can connect our clients. We believe that's a key driver in terms of taking the assets of NACC, the scale capabilities we have, and positioning us to do lift-outs, and that's a midterm benefit. So, we're in the early stages of that midterm benefit by having the dialogues out there. Now, one of the things that we really are looking to do and want to enable, all right, is to drive real transactions into the cloud, okay, as we continue to go forward. So, I'm not willing to put a date out there yet, or better said, Jim's not willing to let me put a date out there yet. But it's almost daily dialogues, as in every day, not Rich Daly. I guess, you could call it both dialogues, daily and daily dialogues, all right, where we're looking with Doug DeSchutter, who's leading these digital outfits, okay, and is now going to be responsible going forward for the NACC or our BRCC communications business to generate real transactions. We should look to start with proxy. So, not only will we be able to do e-proxy, but we're looking to have proxy transactions and then some statement transactions going directly to the cloud. If you look at that BRCC press release for Money20/20, that pretty much lays out the strategy for you.
Crispin Elliot Love - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thanks. And then, just one follow-up on closed sales. Closed sales have been pretty good this year. And then, in past years, we've typically seen a strong closed sales in the fourth quarter. Do you expect to see any seasonality in the fourth quarter for closed sales, looking at an uptick, or is that not really the right way to think about it going forward?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, we've never been better positioned year-to-date than we are right now. So, my cardiologist and I are extremely grateful. I mean, as you know, there were times when we ended the third quarter in a relatively weak position versus the target, and then had a pretty significant rally in the fourth quarter to get there. So, we would always rally to get the sales done sooner rather than later. So, we feel good about what we are. That's why we positioned it to say, we should comment in the upper half of the forecast for the year. And my position on sale is sooner is always better than later. And we're going to look forward to the fourth quarter call and see where it comes out.
Crispin Elliot Love - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Speakers, you may continue.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Alfonso. Before we close, let me remind everyone in the call that we will be hosting an investor lunch, as we always do, to discuss our third quarter results in our offices in New York next Wednesday, May 16. If you would like to attend, please let me know. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Broadridge. And to shamelessly steal a line from Rich, choose to have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Shane Trow Svenpladsen - Avondale Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Karnisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everybody to the Broadridge Fiscal Year 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our President and CEO; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Please note that the earnings release announcing our second quarter results and slides that accompanying this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property as well as certain acquisition and integration expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities. And adjusted EPS, which excludes those same items as well as non-operating expenses on an after tax per share basis. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Broadridge's President and Chief Executive Officer, Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to everyone on our call. I'd like to start this morning off with the highlight section on page four of our presentation slides. We delivered another solid quarter. Total revenues rose 40% driven by the acquisition of DST's North American Customer Communications business, or NACC, and by 6% organic growth of our recurring fee revenues. We grew our adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS despite a 48% decline in event-driven revenues. We also achieved record Closed sales for the second quarter. As I noted, our recurring fee revenues grew by 6% on an organic basis. I'm especially pleased by the broad strength and our Net New Business as both our ICS and GTO segments reported solid growth. This is an important indication that our multiple path strategy of broadening our product lineup and deepening our relationships with key clients continues to pay off. Sales momentum remained strong. We booked a second quarter record $56 million of Closed sales, driven in part by strategic wins for our equity post-trade processing platform and our ICS tax reporting product. Year-to-date sales are up 18% versus 2016 and our pipeline remained strong. The integration of NACC is going well. We continue to make progress on our digital strategy and remain on track to realize our synergy targets. With five months remaining in fiscal year 2017, we are updating our outlook for the year. We are reaffirming our guidance for recurring fee revenue growth, adjusted EPS growth and Closed sales. We have pared back our outlook for total revenue growth and EPS growth. Jim will share the drivers behind those changes with you later in the call. Lastly, and most importantly, we remain on track to achieve the three-year targets we laid out in fiscal 2015 and remain confident in our long-term ability to grow revenues and earnings. Now let's turn to page five for a quick recap of our second quarter results. Total revenues rose 40% to $893 million in the second quarter. The acquisition of NACC was the largest contributor to our total revenue growth adding to both recurring revenues and distribution revenues. Recurring revenues rose 34%, driven by the NACC acquisition and also included 6% organic growth. The positive impact on our adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS of the NACC acquisition and higher recurring revenues were partially offset by a 48% decline in event-driven revenues. I will provide some additional perspective on Broadridge's event-driven revenues in a moment. Adjusted operating income rose 6% to $84 million and adjusted EPS rose 3% to $0.39. Diluted EPS fell 24%, weighed down by the impact of higher integration expenses and increased amortization. Broadridge set a record with second quarter Closed sales of $56 million. Year-to-date Closed sales of $77 million are up 18% versus 2016. Our second quarter Closed sales included some key strategic deals covering both segments, which I will discuss in a moment. We continue to pursue a balanced capital allocation strategy. During the second quarter, we made investments in our business in the form of capital expenditures and tuck-in M&A, and returned $99 million of capital to shareholders via buybacks and dividends. Let's turn to slide six for a review of our business. As I noted in my introduction, Broadridge is benefiting from broad momentum across both the ICS and GTO segments, driving solid organic recurring fee revenue growth of 6% in the second quarter and 5% for the first six months of fiscal 2017. The biggest driver of this growth was the impact of new business. In other words, sales to new clients and additional sales to existing clients, which given Broadridge's 98% retention rate can generate recurring revenues for decades to come. That's encouraging to me, because it reflects the huge effort we have put into transforming Broadridge from a company reliant on internal growth, such as the overall growth of proxies, interim statements or trading activity, to one that is more in control of its own destiny, has required investments in broadening and enhancing our product lineup, and strengthening our sales force to expand our client base and deepen our relationships with existing clients. I am also pleased with the balance of our growth. Both our ICS and GTO businesses delivered 6% growth from Closed sales. When we set out to boost our sales-driven growth, we knew we needed to develop a broader product lineup that would give us multiple paths to sustain consistent growth across both of our segments. The second quarter results are yet another indication that we are making that goal a reality. Our multiple paths to success strategy also underpins our continuing sales momentum. As I noted earlier, Broadridge set a second quarter record with Closed sales of $56 million, up 15% year-over-year. Included in our strong second quarter sales results were two key strategic deals that I would like to highlight. The largest and most notable deal we signed was with a Tier 1 global bank to provide a SaaS-based equity, post-trade processing platform. This contract marks another milestone in our strategy of building a global post-trade processing utility and comes on the heels of a contract we announced last summer, with the same institution in which they will consolidate seven fixed-income trading systems worldwide onto a single platform managed by Broadridge. Both of these agreements signal the value that Broadridge's utility model can offer to the largest and most sophisticated global financial institutions. Also of note was another deal signed with the same client to provide tax reporting services. Building an industry utility for this critical and demanding function has been another one of our investments, and this agreement marks an important step forward in realizing that utility goal. We now have two of the largest broker-dealers on our tax reporting platform and are in active dialogues with several others. Looking forward, our sales pipeline remains strong and we are on track to achieve our $140 million to $180 million guidance for fiscal year 2017 Closed sales. The overall business environment for Broadridge remains stable, which means we are seeing some developments that should be positive for Broadridge and others that may be challenging. That is nothing new for Broadridge. One area that was not strong for Broadridge in the second quarter was our event-driven fee revenues. Event-driven revenues make up a small part of our overall revenue base, but their quarter-to-quarter variability can have an impact on the comparability of our results in any given quarter. As many of you know, the timing of these revenues is driven in large part by the timing of mutual fund fundholder meetings, which for the average fund take place every seven-or-so years depending on the fund manager. We are anticipating a higher level of activity in calendar 2017 based on our dialogues with several large mutual fund managers. Even when we have some visibility, the exact timing of these revenues can be difficult to predict. Our current thinking is that much of this activity could fall later in the year or in Broadridge's fiscal 2018 rather than in fiscal 2017 as we had earlier forecast. Separately, equity trading volumes picked up in the second quarter with our GTO business seeing an 11% increase in equity internal trade growth. Approximately one-third of our GTO revenues are tied directly or indirectly to changes in trading volume, so these volumes did contribute to our GTO revenue growth. Stock record growth, an important metric measuring proxy volumes and a good indicator for revenue growth increased 4% in the second quarter. Keep in mind, that the second quarter volumes account for less than 10% for the full year, but the 4% figure is in line with our full year expectations. The outlook for mutual fund interim volumes remains uncertain. Despite starting the quarter on a positive note, mutual fund interim record growth rose only 1% for the quarter. Fund flows into mutual fund and ETFs turned positive during the quarter, but remain volatile, and we are forecasting only modest mutual fund interim growth over the remainder of fiscal 2017, rather than to rebound to the mid-to-high single-digit growth rates we have seen in recent years. It is clear that asset managers remain under pressure as low-cost ETFs continue to take share from traditional funds. This trend is putting pressure on our asset manager clients' bottom lines. One of the ways we can help our clients meet this challenge is by further reducing the communications costs of servicing the assets they manage. We are working hard to leverage the digital assets Broadridge has developed, including those acquired with NACC to enable mutual funds to expand their digital communications with fundholders, reducing the need for more costly physical mailings. Our digital offering will remain a critical differentiator as Broadridge continues to move forward. Speaking of digital communications, our integration of NACC remains very much on track. On the digital side, we are working hard to expand our pipeline of new customers for our multi-channel platform and expanding our relationships with key consumer-facing cloud providers. We are also beginning to onboard existing client's content, so they will have the capability to deliver an enhanced customer communication at a much lower total cost through the Broadridge Communications Cloud for the more than 2 billion annual communications they now send out. Beyond the benefits that NACC is providing to our digital strategy, we are also making progress on delivering bottom line improvement. We have now taken tangible steps to realize more than 50% of our $20 million of targeted synergies. These steps should start to deliver modest savings over the next few months and we are on track to realize our full synergy target by the end of fiscal year 2019. Normally, I close this section with an update on recent regulatory events, but clearly the change in administration has dominated the headlines, primarily for activities unrelated to Broadridge. One notable development has been the nomination of Jay Clayton to Chair the SEC. President Trump's nominee has deep capital markets experience, and we look forward to learning more about his priorities and how we can help advance them. Let me now turn the call over to Jim for an update on our financials.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everyone. In my prepared remarks I'll provide additional details about our growth drivers and comment on Broadridge's operating income and margin performance. I will also provide a brief update about our capital deployment in the second quarter. Finally, I will walk through the drivers behind our updated 2017 guidance. Before I get started, let me remind you that the second quarter, like the first, has historically been a smaller revenue quarter accounting for just over 20% of the annual total in recent years. Similarly adjusted net earnings in the second quarter has historically represented around 12% of the full year. So please keep this in mind as you analyze our results. First, a quick recap of our results. Second quarter 2017 recurring fee revenues rose 34% to $536 million and total revenues rose 40% to $893 million. Adjusted operating income rose 6% to $84 million and adjusted EPS rose 3% to $0.39 per share. The drivers of our growth are laid out on page seven of the presentation. As I noted, total revenues grew 40% in the quarter to $893 million. The acquisition of NACC, which occurred on the first day of the fiscal year, was the biggest driver of our total revenue growth, contributing $267 million to our revenues. That acquisition drove the increase in both recurring revenues and distribution revenues. Event-driven fee revenues fell 48% to $30 million from $57 million. This decline caused a 4 point drag in our total revenue growth and it also had an impact on our profit growth, as I will discuss in a moment. Changes in foreign currency, specifically the weaker Canadian dollar and British pound, lowered our reported revenue growth by 1 percentage point or $6 million. Recurring fee revenues grew 34% to $536 million. Excluding the impact of NACC and other acquisitions, organic recurring fee revenue growth was 6% in the second quarter, up from 3% in the first quarter. The biggest driver of organic growth was the impact of sustained strong Closed sales, which accounted for 7 points of growth, partially offset by 3 points of client losses. With regard to client losses, we still expect the full year to be about 2% as these normal course losses are a bit magnified on the smaller second quarter and first half revenue base. Internal growth contributed 2 points of growth with most of that coming from an increase in trading volumes and other drivers in our GTO segment. Our year-to-date revenue figures can be found on page eight. Total revenues rose 45% to $1.8 billion with NACC, again being the largest driver and with event-driven revenues causing a drag on growth. Recurring fee revenues rose 33% to $1.1 billion. Organic growth contributed 5 percentage points to our recurring fee growth in the first half, with the balance coming from acquisitions, mostly NACC. Turning to slide nine. Adjusted operating income rose 6% to $84 million in the second quarter. The contribution from NACC and higher recurring fee revenues drove healthy income growth and was partially offset by the decline in event-driven revenues, which have relatively high incremental profit margins. Adjusting (sic) [Adjusted] operating income margins declined from 12.5% to 9.4% largely as a result of adding the lower margin NACC business and the decline in event-driven revenues, partially offset by the strong margin performance by the GTO segment. Adjusted EPS rose 3% to $0.39. Our adjusted net earnings were impacted by higher interest expense of $4 million, partially offset by a very modest decline in the number of diluted weighted average shares versus a year ago. Moving on to slide 10. For the first six months of the year, our adjusted operating income grew by 12% and adjusted EPS rose 6%. Turning to slide 11, I will discuss the performance of our ICS and GTO segments. ICS revenues rose 50% to $710 million in the second quarter driven largely by the impact of the NACC recurring fee and distribution revenues offset by a decline in event-driven revenues. ICS recurring revenues rose 53% to $334 million. On an organic basis, revenues rose 4%, driven entirely by Net New Business. Internal growth for the ICS segment was neutral in part because Q2 mutual fund and ETF interim record growth remained below historical norms at 1%, while flows into mutual funds and ETFs increased following the election, it is too soon to tell, this will result in a pickup for interim volumes. On the equity side, stock record growth was 4% in the second quarter, a quarter which typically accounts for less than 10% of the full year. As Rich said, 4% growth is in line with our full year expectations. ICS earnings before taxes fell $28 million to $18 million. The decline in ICS earnings resulted from the year-over-year decline in event-driven revenues, as well as higher amortization expense related to recent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of NACC and the Inveshare intellectual property, which more than offset the impact of the healthy and profitable organic growth of recurring fee revenues. GTO recurring revenues rose 12% to $202 million, driven by strong internal growth and the continued strength in Net New Business of new deals from last year's record sales continue to be on-boarded. Internal growth was buoyed by an 11% uptick in equity trading volumes that resulted from an increase in trading activity both before and after the presidential election. Acquisitions add an additional 3 points to the overall revenue growth for the segment. GTO earnings before taxes rose 57% or $17 million to $46 million, driven by the higher revenues and recent efficiency initiatives related to actions, the restructuring charges we took at the end of fiscal year 2016 and highlighted on our August call. Moving to slide 12, Broadridge generated $65 million in free cash flow in the second quarter. Year-to-date free cash flow was negative. As is the norm for our business, we expect the majority of our free cash flow to come in the second half of the fiscal year and will remain on track to achieve our guidance for full year free cash flow of $350 million to $400 million, inclusive of unusually high capital expenditures. We continued to deploy our capital in a balanced way in the second quarter. On the investment side, we spent $17 million in CapEx and software investment. And we made a tuck-in acquisition of M&O Systems in early November for $25 million. We also returned $99 million to shareholders during the quarter, spending $60 million net of option exercised proceeds to repurchase our shares at an average price of $63.84 and using $39 million for our dividend. I'm also pleased to note that we took another important step this week to strengthen our capital position and liquidity profile by expanding our revolving credit facility to $1 billion from $750 million and extending the maturity through 2022. This increase reflects Broadridge's growth since our last revolving credit facility transaction in 2014. Now let's turn to our updated fiscal year 2017 guidance, which can be found on slide 13. First, let me highlight what has not changed. We are reaffirming our full year guidance that we expect recurring fee revenue growth of 29% to 31%, adjusted EPS growth of 12% to 17%, and Closed sales to be in the range of $140 million to $180 million. Other items that have not changed are our expectations for our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 15% and our forecast for free cash flow remains at $350 million to $400 million. We have made changes to our guidance for total revenue growth and GAAP EPS growth. We are reducing our guidance for total revenue growth to 40% to 42% from 43% to 45%. The biggest drivers of this reduction to our total revenue guidance are NACC and event-driven activity. The NACC business has experienced lower volumes from a couple of large clients, which have particularly high ratios of distribution to fee revenue and we expect this trend to hold for the balance of the year. As Rich discussed earlier, the prospects for meaningful mutual fund proxy event-driven activity for calendar year 2017 look strong. However, our current view is that it is more likely that more of this will fall later in the year during our fiscal year 2018. As such, we now expect event-driven fees to be lower than fiscal year 2016 levels and less than we had previously anticipated. There's also a distribution element to event activity, so it is worth noting that a substantial portion of the expected total revenue shortfall is distribution revenue, which has little margin impact. As a reminder, we are maintaining our recurring fee revenue growth guidance, which is not impacted by event or distribution revenue. We are also revising our guidance for EPS growth to 2% to 7% from 9% to 14%. The driver of this decline is higher non-cash amortization expense and other expenses related to recent acquisitions, including the acquisition of the technology assets of INVeSHARE and an update for the near final purchase accounting valuation work for the NACC acquisition, which resulted in a higher value for amortizable intangible assets. These impacts are quantified and can be found in our non-GAAP reconciliations in the earnings release and at the end of the webcast slides. Again, our guidance for adjusted EPS growth remains unchanged, given that most of these expenses are excluded from our calculation of adjusted EPS. We've also made some changes to our segment guidance to reflect both the changes to our overall revenue outlook, as well as our forecast for GAAP diluted EPS growth. So at the halfway point in the year, we are on track to deliver against our key metrics. More importantly, the long-term trajectory remains very healthy as we sustain and pace our investments and see returns in the form of new sales, new growth opportunities, operating efficiencies and value creation. With that, I will now hand the call back to Rich for his closing remarks.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 14 for my closing remarks. Broadridge delivered another solid quarter. We reported strong top line growth as well as both – I'm sorry. We delivered strong top line growth as both continued adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS growth continued. We also reported 6% organic growth of our recurring fee revenues. Our results highlight our success in delivering sales-led growth rather than being reliant on internal growth to power our top line. That sales growth is a reflection of our efforts to expand our product lineup as part of our multiple paths to success strategy. We achieved record second quarter Closed sales and our pipeline remains very healthy. Our continued sales momentum gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to sustain our sales-led growth going forward. Notably, our growth in GTO is being driven in part by our ongoing investment in our global trade processing management platform. Investing in our technology has put Broadridge in a better position to serve the largest and most sophisticated global financial institutions, which has been a key element behind the recent strategic wins we have discussed. We have also broadened the asset class and geographic coverage of our solutions. A focus on product leadership is also a key driver of our digital strategy. With asset managers facing pressure from the trends towards passive investments, we intend to continue to deliver solutions that will enable them to lower the communication costs of servicing the assets they manage. Digital is going to be a key part of that. Last quarter we discussed the importance of blockchain leadership and our proxy business. All of these investments help us build credibility with key clients by giving them the confidence that we will continue to maintain and enhance the value propositions of our products. That confidence is helping us to retain existing clients and win even more business, further positioning Broadridge to continue to grow. We remain focused on driving value to our shareholders. Our balanced capital allocation policy is designed to enable us to continue to make the investments that drive our long-term growth, including both capital expenditures as well as tuck-in acquisitions while also rewarding our shareholders. All of this highlights the beauty of a low capital intensity model. Our second quarter capital deployment provided a good example of how we approach that balance. In summary, I am pleased with our results for the second quarter. Our success in building sales-led revenue growth combined with our continuing record sales, reflect the strength of our multiple paths to success strategy. That strategy and our focus on innovation gives me increased confidence of our ability to create meaningful growth and value over the long-term. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the more than 10,000 Broadridge associates working around the world to deliver world-class service to our clients. It is their commitment that drives our results and opportunities. Before we move to the Q&A portion of the call, let me remind you that our next quarterly investor launch will be held as usual at our offices in New York next Tuesday, February 14. That happens to be Valentine's Day. I'm not going to promise any roses, I'll leave that up to Edings. And if you'd like to attend, call Edings for the details. Karnisha, it's now time to open the Q&A. Karnisha?
Operator: Yes. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Could you talk about NACC more broadly? At the time you made the acquisition, I think, Jim, you indicated that you were expecting some client attrition and that had been built into your pro formas. How is NACC performing relative to your buy plan overall?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Dave, can you repeat just that last part, you broke up?
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: How is NACC performing relative to your buy plan? At the time you acquired it from DST, I recall you were expecting some client attrition and that was built into your pro formas.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Dave, this is Jim. The business is largely performing in line with our acquisition business case, I would say that fees are relatively close. As I just mentioned, distribution revenues came in a lot lower as the mix of clients and the performance was different than we expected but, as you may know, from that business the distribution revenue is truly pass through. So on an earnings basis, contributing in expectation with our original guidance on this, which is $0.11 to $0.14, we're still expecting that type of contribution for the year. So we're pleased from that standpoint. Integration is going well. In particular, the real prize is achieving those synergies, which we're well on our way, as Rich mentioned. And I think importantly, Rich should comment on the strategic aspects of the deal.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So Dave, when we did that separate call on the NACC transaction, we emphasized that it's the overall strategy and the importance of content that we came to realize as we had two years into our digital strategy. The thing that I'm particularly pleased about is that the management integration, we believe, has gone as well as one could ever expect it to go. The teams are working exceptionally well together and I feel very, very good about that. I also feel very good about where NACC was investing was in making the existing processes far more efficient. So for example, they've got a technology called InFact, which really enables the comingling of content to achieve maximum five-digit postal discounts. And when you're dealing with that kind of volume and that amount of distribution revenue, that makes you a very, very attractive provider. They have also invested heavily on technology to be able to onboard new clients far more effectively. Our technology was very, very focused on the digital capabilities. For our existing clients, we probably will be able to get them additional efficiencies and postal discounts. For their clients, they are very excited to hear our multi-channel capabilities, which ties back to that press release we did at Money 20/20. And beyond that, in terms of the dialogues we're having about the future, the amount of content we have makes us arguably the most meaningful player that can convert meaningful content to consumers into digital as we go forward. Now again, that's forward-looking in terms of where we are. In terms of the near-term, we do believe that this is going in line with what our expectations were and we believe that the way the teams are operating, we should still be able to have some success in the marketplace in the traditional model. But again, the key reason we did it was our belief that particularly for our important financial services content, this gives us a far better ability to impact the conversion to digital going forward, very similar to the way we led ED a decade plus ago in our Communications business.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Donat with Sandler O`Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning, everyone.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Jim, wanted to ask one question on the GTO business, because it looks like your pre-tax margins of 22.9% for the quarter are the best in several years. And then when I look at your full year guidance, it's actually down a few percentage points from where we were in the quarter. Was there anything either sort of one-time on the positive side on the revenue for the December quarter? Or was there anything on the expense side going forward that you're expecting that's the mismatch there? I'm just wondering why margins might not be sustainable.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Chris. First off, as you noted, GTO is performing really well. In our outlook, we increased the revenue outlook to 6% to 9% revenue growth, 4% to 6%. And as you've pointed out, we increased the margin from about 18.5% to 19.5%, and as you said 19.5% below the second quarter number. Really, Chris, overall really positive. So you have two factors that are showing up in Q2. One are we had a healthy trade quarter, 11% equity volume, as we've explained before that comes in at very high margin, so that's always a margin booster in the quarter it happens. We're not forecasting that type of outperformance to hold for the full year. And then the recurring part on the positive side that we talked about is we've made a number of efficiency initiatives, some of them which we took the charges for last year in our results and we're now seeing the benefit. That will stay with us. That's going to be in terms of where you are maybe less visible, but the more visible one in the quarter is certainly the equity trades.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then I don't know if you can give us an update, but I'll ask. Anything with the Scottrade conversion? And I'm just wondering if there's anything you got, because I think They (41:21) is part of their agreement to be acquired by TD Ameritrade have to complete their conversion to Broadridge by March 1. Is there any special revenues that might be recognized with that or is that – anyway, if you can comment on Scottrade and anything that might be unusual around the conversion there?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: So, Chris, this is Rich. As far as the relationship with Scottrade, let me first talk about it on a macro basis. We have a strong relationship with Scottrade, TD Ameritrade and TD overall going right through – I have a relationship with the CEO of TD overall and an exceptionally high regard for the management of all three organizations. So it's always positive when you have open communications. The timing of this transaction to close is probably the second half of the calendar year, generally round numbers there. And one of the things is we're doing meaningful business with all three firms today even before they were committed, Scottrade as an independent company to come onto our platform. So we will in every situation and in particularly in this situation remain committed to their success and the success of the transaction as it goes forward. Now, it's a pretty complicated relationship, okay, which because of the, I'll call it, the quality of management on both sides, and I like to believe because of a high level of respect between the managements on both sides, there will be lots of dialogues about how to best make this a success for them, and we're going to be as flexible as we need to be to enable it to be successful. So that's a long answer to say, there's a lot of moving parts here right now, and although we have some idea of what their preferred direction is, until it's final we don't know. And even if it was final, okay, we're not going to be at liberty to disclose their strategy as we go forward. I expect Broadridge to continue to be a meaningful part of the new TD Ameritrade combined with Scottrade going forward, when it closes as well as TD Bank.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: And, Chris, just sort of on the financials, as we talked about last time, if the processing business that we want from Scottrade weren't to materialize, long-term we'd say that's about a $0.03 impact on a run rate basis for the year. We had assumed very modest contributions from that business, and we have no assumptions at this time about any one-time fees associated with protective provisions in the contract.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Right. Well, of course there's always termination fees, because of the investments we made, et cetera. But I'd always prefer to get recurring revenue versus a termination fee.
Operator: Your next question is from Todd Cohen with Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. It's actually Darrin Peller on. Thanks for taking the question. Let me just start off, A, if you don't mind just giving us some more color on what you think the implications or potential opportunities could be around some of the regulatory/administrative changes going on, whether it's on the DOL being held up, or potentially Dodd-Frank being changed, repealed, whatever, I mean I think for your business in particular, there could be some pretty material implications. Can you give us some color on your thoughts, Rich? And then I (45:22).
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Let me start with DOL. What I would like is DOL to get decided, because I really do believe that, in particularly financial consultants are concerned about putting invested into new assets, until they understand the full implications of that. We don't have the ability other than with conversations with clients to tie that to some of the slowdown in mutual fund interim growth. All right. So we're not relying on that as being the driver. However, that is one piece that consistently comes up in conversations, including the dinner I had last night. All right. So making a decision on that to me – and making a decision on anything candidly, and knowing what the decision is, is always the most important thing. When you talk about Dodd-Frank, the way it works with our client on our value proposition, so the pieces that Dodd-Frank are going to be in or the pieces that Dodd-Frank that are anticipated to be in, people on our platform had the benefit of us doing the heavy lifting, okay. People not on our platform had to go through the pain of doing the heavy lifting themselves. So it gave them more reason to want to be on our platform. Darrin, in the case of Barclays, it's a very good example, where with all the complications to business that was on a (46:54) complication Barclays needed to deal with, given their relationship with Broadridge. So I don't see a lot of change coming to us, as it relates to Dodd-Frank in terms of anything other than if it increases the ability for people to have more capital and then more trading activity, I can't see how that could ever be viewed as a negative, all righty. So we're not planning on that at this point in time. And when it comes to regulatory changes, I think it was even in today's Journal, I think talked about any changes to Dodd-Frank are likely to be met – aka, rolling it back, are likely to be met with litigation, et cetera. So we run the business based on the facts of here and now. More importantly to us, whether it be the transactions you heard about what we do with that large Tier 1 global bank who is now doing equities and fixed income with us at an extraordinarily deep level, all right, whether it be as you look at what we're doing with tax to make lariat (48:10). If the tax code gets simpler, okay, and there really are less pages in the tax code, it'll be the first time the tax code ever got simpler and there were less pages. And even that will still complicate what's going on for our broker-dealer client, at least to implement it and to make sense of it. So the things that we're doing around tax reporting, the things that we're doing around equity trade processing, the things that we're looking to do to take cost out, whether it be in the processing side of the world or the communications side of the world, is where Broadridge's future lies. The thing that – the reason I talk about confidence and the reason I talk about it being a solid quarter is, as an independent company, we continue to make progress, to make what we do more efficient and make the delta between somebody doing it in-house versus relying on us a wider gap for them to justify doing it in-house across everything Broadridge does. So it's not so much regulatory change as it is technology-driven activities that will continue to enable Broadridge to grow.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thanks. And just one quick follow-up on the ICS side. I mean I think you may have said it before, but the position growth rate in the quarter again was – if you can just give me that data point again and where you expect that to be trending? I know it's tough to know what the market will do. Go ahead.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yes. Interim positions, Darrin, at 1%. And right now as best we can tell, we're holding our outlook for 1% for the year until we learn more. And on the equity proxy side, our growth was 4%, and as we said, that would be consistent with our expectations for the full year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So then just keeping that in the back of our mind, I mean the growth drivers of ICS continue to be the new business you're bringing on, the data analytics opportunities we've talked about in the past, obviously, putting aside the NACC business?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: That's correct. All right. And again, driving more efficient communications, driving more activity across whether it be corporate issuers, mutual funds, the broker dealer pieces that are out there.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So first question is on your GTO segment. Where do you think those segment margins can go to over time? So, obviously, we know your full year guidance, but they keep kind of climbing 100 basis points or so year-after-year. Do you think the endpoint margins can kind of be in the mid-20%s? Or what are your long-term expectations or aspirations for that segment?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Patrick, good morning. This is Jim. Obviously, the business that has natural scale in it, and as we continue with the sales momentum, we do see the opportunity for margins to continue to climb. As we said overall for Broadridge, we think the opportunity is about 50 basis points per year of margin expansion on an average basis. I think GTO resembles that, although we're obviously outpacing that at the moment. So beyond sort of thinking about a 50 basis point margin expansion per year, no other real long-term guidance other than as we continue adding the types of deals that Rich mentioned earlier, which typically have contribution margins in the 40% and up range, we should continue to drive margins there.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then my follow-up, on the ICS side in your other ICS revenue line, I know it's kind of a collection of smaller businesses mostly that you've acquired recently, growth has decelerated a little bit the last few quarters. I think it's been 4% year-over-year the last couple of quarters. Can you talk about some of the components within that and what your outlook is for that revenue line in particular?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Patrick, as you said – this is Jim – that is a relatively small item growing on a pace of like $67 million or something like that. So, we do have expectations that that grows higher, closer to double-digit growth. But you can see some ups and downs in given quarters. So for instance, we'll have some of these newer businesses that you can actually have a professional services component as it's on-boarding new business. And if we miss that by a couple million dollars or something like that, across a series of the advisor or data analytics businesses, that can cause a blip in that growth rate. We'd still project that segment, that area to have growth – organic growth greater than the overall Broadridge growth. I also think what's noteworthy, I look more to the forward indicators on that one, or when I look at the sales on a record quarter, data analytics or this other ICS that you pointed out, Patrick, is disproportionately contributes to that sales number north of 25% of those sales. So again, the indicators are very strong in the near term. There can always be a blip or two in the short-term.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Shane Svenpladsen with Avondale Partners.
Shane Trow Svenpladsen - Avondale Partners LLC: Acknowledging that we're still relatively early, could you provide an update on the development of the Inveshare assets and the timeline for completing that platform?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Our position in proxy is unique. So let me take a step back on blockchain. The challenge for blockchain – the opportunity for blockchain is great. There's going to be lots of things that in some of the activities they're talking about, the people are going to be concerned about data security and things of that nature. But there's no question that the technology could enable far more efficiency than the current technologies being used today. The challenge is you would need everybody onto the same platform to use it. What's unique about proxy is in essence through Broadridge, the vast majority of people are already on the same platform. So we could enable, for example, an issuer who want to participate in blockchain and have instant updates to their voting results right up until the time they close the polls, okay, and the ability for people to change balances and whatnot, if shares were moved, et cetera, to be the full benefits of blockchain. So we think we're in a unique position to rollout a blockchain application at the level of proxy, because we're in essence putting everybody on the same platform. Our technology group is now working with the Inveshare technology all right, and with that we believe we have a timeline to be in a position to have a blockchain capability over the next couple of years, all right. And we'll be making announcements as it relates to blockchain, whether it be proxy on a global basis or proxy on a domestic basis periodically over the next, call it, two years.
Shane Trow Svenpladsen - Avondale Partners LLC: Appreciate it. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions. Mr. Thibault, do you have any closing remarks?
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, thank you everyone for joining us on our call this morning. For those of us who want to attend launch, please reach out to me, Edings Thibault and to others. Thank you for your interest in Broadridge and we look forward to keeping you updated.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-11-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Karniesha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everybody to the Broadridge Fiscal Year 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Karniesha. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Broadridge's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our President and CEO; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Please note that the earnings release announcing our first quarter results and slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations section of broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating profit which excludes the impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property as well as certain acquisition and integration expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities, and adjusted EPS which excludes the after tax per share amount of those same items. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and in the earnings statement – in the earnings presentation. Let me now turn the call over to Broadridge's President and Chief Executive Office, Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Edings. Good morning, everyone. My only comment before we begin on the elections is that we're certainly going to – (2:18) in not having our earnings call the day after presidential election going forward because as important as Broadridge is to, I know, everyone on this call and everyone here at Broadridge, somehow I think the world might be slightly more distracted by other events than Broadridge's earnings call. So, with that, let's start. I'd like to start up this morning with the highlights section on page 4 of our presentation slides. We delivered solid first quarter results. Although first quarter is traditionally the smallest of the year from a revenue and profit perspective, I am pleased to report that Broadridge is off to a good start in fiscal 2017, and is building on the momentum we saw in 2016. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2017 guidance and are on track to deliver the three-year financial objectives we laid out in late 2014. A key reason for our confidence is the continued momentum we see in Closed sales. We booked $22 million of Closed sales in the first quarter, an increase of 26% versus last year. Our sales pipeline is strong, and the quality of our dialogues with clients is high. The integration of NACC, or Broadridge Customer Communications as it is now known, is going well. We're executing on our operational plans and putting in place the key building blocks of our digital strategy. We continue to take steps to strengthen Broadridge's core proxy business by acquiring a software architecture that will enable the delivery of blockchain applications to our proxy clients within the next two to three years, building further on our long-term legacy of delivering technology-driven innovation to the proxy market. Tuck-in acquisitions which broadened our product line up and leveraged our distribution channels to give Broadridge additional paths to success remain a key use of capital. Our acquisition of M&O Systems which we announced last week is consistent with Broadridge's long-term playbook. In summary, we are off to a good start to fiscal 2017. Broadridge is delivering solid top and bottom line results, and executing our key strategic priorities. Our strategy of creating multiple paths to success continues to enable us to pursue exciting opportunities driven by our unique market position. Now, let's turn to slide five for a review of our first quarter financial results. Total revenues rose 51% to $895 million in the first quarter. The acquisition of NACC was the largest contributor to our total growth, and into both recurring revenues and to distribution revenues. Recurring revenues rose 32% to $517 million, excluding the impact of NACC. Broadridge's recurring revenue growth was driven by a combination of 3% organic growth and the impact of smaller acquisitions made in fiscal 2016. That strong top line growth resulted in 19% growth and adjusted operating income, and 9% growth and adjusted EPS to $0.36. We reported nice growth in Closed sales. As I noted earlier, Closed sales rose 26% to $22 million and we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2017 guidance. Let's turn to slide six for a review of our business. I would like to start our review with an update on the work we have been doing to analyze the interim record growth which measures the growth in a number of mutual fund and ETF position's service line growth. Last quarter, we reported that interim growth slowed at minus 1%, the first time the interim growth had slipped into negative territory since 2009 which pushed down full year 2016 growth to 4%. In the most recent quarter, interim growth improved to positive 1%, still a number that is below recent levels. So, what is behind the lower growth in recent quarters? We analyzed our internal data at the account level to see if we could isolate the drivers. That analysis is ongoing, but I want to share with you some of our initial findings. We see no structural drivers behind the softer positional growth. There is no evidence to suggest that Americans are turning away from investing in mutual funds and ETFs as a mean of enhancing their savings. In fact, the total number of accounts continues to increase. The increasing popularity of passive investing, including ETFs, is not driving the decline. Our work shows that investors with a passive orientation hold a similar number of funds as those who invest in active strategies. One driver of the decline that we've been able to identify has been the drop in net funds flow to mutual funds and ETFs. As many of you know, these flows which have been positive since 2009 declined from $200 billion to $300 billion annually to a slightly negative number in fiscal 2016. We see this as a cyclical phenomenon rather than a structural issue. Net fund flows have begun to improve, although they remain soft. We have seen that reflected in our business as evidenced by the modest uptick we saw in the first quarter. Our analysis of interim record growth continues, including of our most recent monthly data point of 7% growth in October. One month up or down is not conclusive and we will update you regarding any additional findings on future calls. My next topic is the integration of NACC. Four months after closing the acquisition of NACC, we're making strong progress in executing on our integration plan and have announced the closure of two facilities. I am pleased by our progress, and we're on track to achieve our target of $20 million in annualized core synergies. Also, as I noted last quarter, a key rationale for the acquisition was to differentiate and accelerate our digital strategy. The building blocks of this strategy are increasingly flowing into place. Last quarter, I highlighted our relationship with Evernote. This quarter I want to highlight the rollout last month of our Broadridge Communications Cloud at Money 20/20 in Las Vegas. The Broadridge Communications Cloud, using patented technology and analytics, connects our current network of more than 900 brands, hundreds of broker-dealers and thousands of corporate issuers with 138 million recipient households receiving 5 billion annual communications to a network of 10 digital channels including Amazon, Dropbox and Evernote. Customers across multiple industries, including financial services, healthcare and telco, can use the Broadridge Communications Cloud to distribute essential customer communications like bills, statements, healthcare explanation of benefits, and regulatory and tax documents through any of these 10 digital channels based on consumer preference. What is exciting is the potential for the Broadridge Communications Cloud to create a powerful network effect. Once a consumer elects to receive a bill or other statement in any channel from any brand within the Broadridge digital network, our proprietary algorithms identify additional matches where that consumer has relationships with other brands in the network. The consumer is then alerted to these new matches and can click to enroll. The power of this digital network is that brands that are not yet connected to a specific consumer online can now be connected by virtually joining the network where other brands have already created a digital relationship, so that each new brand that joins increases the value of the total network. In addition to accelerating digital adoption through this network, the Broadridge Communications Cloud also enables brands and consumers to interact in new ways by changing static PDFs into tailored interactive content. This will be achieved by integrating our channel partners' digital capabilities, our customers' digital assets and Broadridge's content management platforms to fundamentally transform essential customer communications. We're still in our early days here, and the model continues to evolve. But it is encouraging to see the building blocks in terms of product development, early client wins and this most recent product rollout start to fall in place. Given this progress, I am optimistic about how this may evolve over the next several years, especially if we see some of the larger technology players make a big push to drive digital distribution. We made another meaningful investment in the first quarter that we believe will enable Broadridge to continue to lead over the long-term by acquiring the technology assets of Inveshare. The key to this acquisition is blockchain. While lacking the extensive and critical functionality of Broadridge's industry-leading platforms such as ProxyEdge and other voting reconciliation and compliance tools, Inveshare's intellectual property uses a dynamic architecture that will allow more rapid prototyping and proof of concept development for developing distributed ledger capabilities without impacting our current architecture and functionality. In short, these technology assets will provide us a streamlined framework that will enable more rapid development of blockchain applications for the proxy market. Blockchain offers three potential benefits to the proxy marketplace. First, it can increase efficiency by reducing the complexity of the reconciliation process that exist today; second, it can increase security via encryption; and third, it can increase transparency around both confirmation. We intend to deliver enhanced corporate governance at a lower total cost as we build out our products on this framework. Moreover, Broadridge is uniquely well-positioned to deliver blockchain to the proxy market. Most blockchain applications require that all market participants sign on to a single framework which is a huge obstacle to adoption. In proxy, Broadridge sits in the middle of a hub between our client, issuers and other participants. So as we develop blockchain applications, those clients are ready to adopt blockchain and reap the benefits without having to wait for all of the participants to come onboard. It is important to look at this investment as one way to strengthen the long-term fundamentals of our proxy business. Our role in the proxy market has been built up over the last decades precisely because we have consistently delivered innovation and savings. There is a lot of excitement around blockchain and rightfully so. But it is equally important to see it in the proxy market context as being the latest in a series of pioneering innovations that include telephone voting, e-delivery, the ProxyEdge institutional workflow and other critical capabilities delivered by Broadridge that have enhanced the corporate governance process and Broadridge's market position over the last three decades. Late last week, we announced the acquisition of M&O Systems, a leading provider of advisor compensation management solutions that help broker-dealers and wealth management firms support advisors and grow their businesses. This acquisition will enable Broadridge to offer wealth management firms and broker dealers a more complete suite of front and back office solutions, ranging from advisor compensation tools to mission critical Broadridge investment platforms. These solutions can also help broker-dealers and financial advisors comply to the U.S. Department of Labor's new fiduciary rule which we see as a compelling opportunity for Broadridge to support our clients and lower their cost for compliance. In other words, M&O is a classic Broadridge tuck-in acquisition. As a reminder, tuck-in acquisitions like M&O are the primary focus of our M&A strategy and a key use of our capital. We have a healthy pipeline of similar tuck-in acquisitions, and we'll continue to seek out opportunities that can complement our existing businesses and deliver attractive returns to Broadridge shareholders. Let's turn to regulatory matters. Last month, the SEC adopted the Investment Company Reporting Modernization rule. Not included in that rule, as adopted, was any change in the distribution of mutual funds, annual and semi-annual reports. What is clear is that reducing cost will continue to be a major goal for all of the participants in this process, including fund companies, investors, and brokers. At Broadridge, we are also committed to that goal and are actively investing to achieve it. It is worth remembering that through the application of e-delivery, managed account processing, householding and other consolidation by Broadridge, we estimate that total fees paid by the fund industry to deliver annual and semi-annual reports have declined by 24% since 2010. That's a record of delivering value of which we are very proud and one we intend to continue to build upon. We see our digital strategy and other innovations as having the potential to significantly raise electronic distribution which will drive additional significant savings over the next several years and increase investor interaction. Let me now turn the call over to Jim to walk through our financials.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional details about our growth drivers and comment on Broadridge's operating income and margin performance. I'll also try to address some of the questions many of you have asked about our potential exposure under our contract to Scottrade in the wake of its announced sale to TD Ameritrade. Finally, I will close with the discussion of our balance sheet and uses of cash and review our full year 2017 guidance, which we are reaffirming today. Before I jump in, let me remind you that the first quarter has historically been our smallest revenue quarter, accounting for just over 20% of the total in recent years. Similarly, adjusted net earnings of the first quarter has historically averaged around 12% of the full year. So, please keep this in mind as you analyze our results. I'll start with a quick recap. First quarter 2017 recurring revenues was 32% to $517 million, and total revenues rose 51% to $895 million. Adjusted operating income rose 19% in $2 million and adjusted EPS rose 9% to $0.36. The drivers of our growth are laid out on page seven of the presentation. As I noted, total revenues grew 51% to $895 million. The acquisition of NACC which occurred on the first day of the fiscal quarter was the biggest driver of our total growth, contributing $272 million to our revenues. That acquisition drove the increase in both recurring revenues and distribution revenues. Changes in foreign currencies, specifically the weaker Canadian dollar and British pound lowered our reported revenue growth by 1 percentage point or $4 million. Recurring fee revenues grew 32% to $517 million. Excluding the impact of NACC, the growth in recurring revenues was largely organic. Revenues from closed sales accounted for 6 points of growth which was partially offset by 3 points of client losses and mutual internal growth for a total organic growth of 3%. Tuck-in acquisitions, excluding NACC, added another point of growth. The key to organic growth slowed despite another healthy quarter of new business revenue additions. Losses were a little elevated and internal growth, while a neutral contributor in the first quarter, was down from the 1% level seen in fiscal year 2016. Generally, the slowdown was driven by several factors including tepid stock in interim record growth and lower overall volumes of interim communications. None of those changes our revenue outlook for the year. Turning to slide 8. Adjusted operating income rose 19% to $82 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The growth in operating income was largely driven by the acquisition of NACC and the continued strong performance by our GTO segment which was up 26%. Adjusted operating income margins declined from 11.5% to 9.1%, largely as a result of adding a lower margin NACC business. Adjusted EPS rose 9% to $0.36. Our net earnings were impacted by higher interest expense of $4 million and higher foreign currency transaction losses. Turning to slide 9. I will discuss the performance of our ITF and GTO segments. ITF's revenues rose 68% to $723 million, driven largely by the impact of higher recurring fee and distribution revenues of NACC. ICS recurring revenues rose 52% to $329 million. On an organic basis, revenues rose 2% as continued growth from net new business was partially offset by negative internal growth. The negative internal growth resulted from overall lower process interim communications which offset growth and other product lines. Both equity stock record growth and mutual fund interim position growth were 1% in the first quarter. These metrics are same-store sales measurements for the same period a year ago, and not always indicative of overall volume and revenue after accounting for timing and other anomalies. As Rich explained earlier, mutual fund interim positions contracted in the fourth quarter before modestly picking up in to positive territory in the first quarter. Our preliminary October interim's growth was 7%; it is too early to determine the trend, and we're not relying on much growth for the balance of the year to achieve our guidance. ICS earnings before taxes fell $1 million to $33 million and is relatively small earnings quarter for this segment. Pre-tax margins declined to 4.5% from 7.9%, primarily as a result of the margin diluted impact of the NACC acquisition. GTO recurring revenues rose 6% to $188 million, driven by the continued strength in net new business as new deals from last year's record sales continue to be onboarded. Our equity and fixed income values were down 3% and 2% respectively. Internal growth was neutral as the overall mix of volumes resulted in a slightly favorable pricing mix. Acquisitions also contributed two points of overall segment revenue growth. GTO earnings before taxes rose $8 million or 26% to $38 million, driven by higher revenues and continued efforts to realize cost efficiencies. Before I move on from our GTO business, let me address our potential exposure and our relationship with Scottrade which recently agreed to be acquired by TD Ameritrade. Scottrade is a client and many of you asked about the financial impact of a cancellation. Now, as a policy, we do not comment on our contracts with individual customers, but do want to make a few points to try and address some of the concerns you have raised. First, we do not expect to begin recognizing revenues from Scottrade until the second half of fiscal year 2017, and the earnings contribution is expected to be modest. Second, there are myriad scenarios with this merger for us ranging from losing the business outright to picking up more business. In the scenario that we lose the processing business outright after the announced target close date in August 2017, the estimated EPS impact would be about $0.03 on a run rate basis before taking into account protective provisions in the contract. We also provide several investor communications services for Scottrade which align with services we provide TD Ameritrade and thus are excluded from this estimated impact. Third and finally, any downside analysis needs to consider protective provisions, including negotiated termination provisions which would keep us largely economically whole over a multi-year period. I share this information in order to help you gauge the potential impact of Broadridge from the announced transaction. It was important to note that we first see these types of deals with potential opportunities. I hope this is helpful. Moving on to slide (sic) [11] (27:30) 10. Free cash flow was negative as is normally the case in the first quarter and included $15 million of capital spending for software and other assets. These results do not impact our free cash flow targets for the full year. Other [indiscernible] (27:47) uses of cash in the quarter included the purchase of NACC on July 1 for a price of $410 million in cash or $402 million net of cash acquired and other closing adjustments. And two, the acquisition of the Inveshare Technology assets in September for $95 million, which consists of $90 million in cash paid at closing and $5 million to be paid in September 2017. Further, we expect to make an additional payment of $40 million upon delivery of the new blockchain application, which we expect to be by September 2018. The Inveshare technology acquisition will not impact our adjusted operating income or adjusted EPS in 2017. We do expect higher non-GAAP adjustments for amortization expense of $15 million in fiscal year 2017 as a result of this transaction. Please note that we have revised our non-GAAP definition to include amortization expense associated with the purchase of intellectual property in addition to amortization expense resulting from business combination accounting. Tuck-in acquisitions that complement our existing products and leverage our distribution remain a key component of our capital deployment strategy. As Rich discussed, we completed another modest tuck-in acquisition by acquiring M&O Systems last week, a leading software as a service provider of advisor compensation management solutions, for $25 million net of customary working capital and other adjustment. This business is doing in the neighborhood of $10 million a year in revenue and does not expect to have a material impact on our earnings in fiscal year 2017. We also spent $40 million to repurchase shares. It's our practice to use proceeds from option exercises to repurchase stock, which accounted for most of the repurchase activity. We funded our activities during the first quarter using the cash we raised as part of the $500 million senior notes offering completed in June by drawing on our revolver. Total debt outstanding as of September 30 was $1.1 billion or 1.8 times trailing 12-month EBITDA, in line with our target leverage levels. Before I hand the call back over to Rich for his closing remarks, I'd like to reaffirm our guidance for fiscal year 2017 as shown on slide 11. We expect a recurring revenue to grow 29% to 31%, total revenue to grow 43% to 45%, our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 15%, adjusted EPS to grow 12% to 17%, free cash flow to be in the range of $350 million to $400 million, and we expect Closed sales in the range of $140 million to $180 million. This guidance still assumes 6% to 8% recurring fee growth, excluding NACC, as organic growth is expected to tick up from Q1 levels. Also, as you think about the second quarter, please remember that our second quarter earnings, on average, have accounted for about 11% to 12% of full year earnings. In closing, as Rich mentioned earlier, we are on track to achieve the $20 million in annualized cost savings from the integration of NACC. Let me remind you that most of these savings will begin to be seen in our number over the course of fiscal year 2018 and beyond, and we expect very little benefit from cost synergies in fiscal year 2017. We will, however, incurred higher expenses including capital expenditures associated with the integration in the balance of fiscal 2017. We look forward to updating you further on the integration and key milestones along the way. I'll now hand the call back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 12 for my closing remarks. Broadridge is off to a solid start to fiscal year 2017. We reported strong top and bottom line growth, and we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance. The integration of NACC is going well. We are making progress in bringing our two businesses together and are on track to deliver the cost synergies we laid out at the time of the deal. We are implementing our digital strategy, which was a key strategic impetus, for the transaction by rolling out the Broadridge Communications Cloud and building the largest client and channel network in the industry. We invested in our proxy business by acquiring key technology that will enable us to deliver blockchain capabilities faster and with lower risk. We are committed to maintaining our leading role in the proxy market by delivering innovation to our clients. Last, our Closed sales increased and our sales pipeline is strong. The common factor in all of these trends is execution. When we hosted our Investor Day in late 2014, one of our key messages was that we wanted to transform Broadridge from a company that relies on the market for its growth into a company that was focused on providing solutions to our customers across the capital markets, wealth management, asset management and corporate client segments. Focusing on our clients' needs and delivering the breadth of products they require gives us multiple tasks to achieve our objectives. I am pleased with the progress we have made in making this a reality. Our organic revenue growth in this quarter was driven by higher sales, which is an indication that we are finding ways to add value to our clients and by continued higher retention, and not by internal growth. Our strong sales pipeline speaks of the depth of our client relationships and breadth of our products. The investments we are making in our business in both digital and blockchain should put us in a position to further extend the value we can offer. That progress and our continued focus on execution gives me increasing confidence that we will deliver on the three-year financial objectives we've set and continue to deliver top quartiles whole shareholder returns for years to come. Before I turn the call over to Q&A, let me thank our associates. Thanks to their efforts, the service profit chain is alive and well at Broadridge and their work is critical to the value we add to our clients. Now, let me turn the call over to your questions.
Operator: We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from Peter Heckmann with Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Pete.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about the Department of Labor's pending rule and some of the puts and takes? I'm wondering if that may have some sort of – be creating a pause in turnover in advisory portfolios that may be hitting positions – position growth. And then as well would you expect the changes that the fund industry makes to fee structures or to fund share classes could then result in an uptick in mutual fund proxies over the next two quarters?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Pete, it's a terrific question and that's part of the analysis that we're working on when I talked about analyzing the interim record positions. If you recall, we called out in the last call, our year end call, that some of our larger retail clients have been pointing out to us that until the DOL rule dust settles, advisers have been very hesitant to put clients into new funds until they better understand the grandfathering aspects of the rule and just have this whole fiduciary part of the rule is going to play itself out. So, it's clearly part of what's going on in the fund volumes beyond fund flows. But what we found was a pretty good correlation between fund flows and volumes and funds flows are down. Now, the DOL rules are going to require a different way to service these assets. We're in the asset servicing business, in particularly in communications. As the world continues to work on lower fees, that's why our focus on digital and our excitement about being the largest network to identify individuals whether they do it through a brokerage account or they do it through a cable bill, whether they do it from a cell phone bill, whether they do it through a credit card bill. All the things we're servicing now in the largest network with those 5 billion pieces of content we distribute, identifying ways to drive that cost of paper and postage out, we see as one of the most significant ways, not only for the financial services industry, but for all industries we're going to enable people to communicate more cost effectively and it should also be highlighted – because I mentioned it and I want to emphasize this, it also has to be a better experience, okay, both in terms of convenience and the content you're looking at. And if you go and look at the release from Vegas, it not only talks about this network, okay, of Money 20/20, but it also talks about enhanced content and enhanced experience. So, DOL is one of the factors, however driving cost out through digital adoption where we let it in proxy, we let it in interims, and now we're going to leave it for consumers, right, is something we believe will enable us to have not only maintain our strength in the market while pursuing meaningful opportunities as this evolves going forward.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. And then any thoughts on the need for more mutual fund proxies, from any changes that funds need to make?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: You're talking about the event-driven side of this, Pete?
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Yeah.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Okay. We believe that we've been running below historic norms really because, of course, management. There is – I'll call it interesting dialogue activities in some of the larger funds about the need to go-to-market. The timing of that, it's too early to tell. But we do believe that the event-driven side of this would be on the historic low but I can't tell you what it will be going forward. But I'm not expecting to be going back to historic lows.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Just on a bit of a higher level, what do you see is the potential? Maybe you could just help list off the potential for items that could lead to reacceleration of the ICS segment organically just given what we're seeing on the growth and the number of positions, obviously decelerated, and the event-driven is also had to tell. So, I know data analytics is an initiative of your deals. And I guess that will lead to the follow up question of what the pro forma growth could look like with NACC and how that's been performing.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Darrin. It's Jim. It's obviously – ICS on organic basis a little light at 2% with that software interim position growth. But look, I think as we think about new business, that's the big driver. At 3 points this quarter, we continue to believe that a lot of the emerging and acquired businesses that are still gaining steam and also are contributing disproportionately to our sale and the ability to drive that much higher. So, even in a scenario where position growth comes down and what the internal growth moves to something that's more flat, which we're not anticipating at the moment, but if we're to get more flat, we still think that net new business number can continue to be well more than 3%, more of the kind of the 5% range as we think about a lot of these new businesses growing, this is obviously excluding the acquisition of NACC. So, there's still a lot of growth left.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Obviously, we like the growth that comes from the interims and proxies and stock-record positions but that's not what we're focused day-to-day. It's all the sales activity whether it's daily analytics to the advisor space, et cetera. I think that I've seen kind of organic growth going forward just as a reminder for NACC, as we layer in that business, it's going to contract for a couple of years as we work through some of the things we outlined at the time we announced the acquisition, including consolidation in the telecommunications industry, they'll decline for a bit before it rises back to higher levels and we start layering in what we think are good sales opportunities for – on the combined entity. So, again, we're pretty optimistic about the growth and where our dollars are invested in or against these emerging acquired products that have – continue to have really good sales performance.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. So, it sounds like – yeah, Go ahead, Rich.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Darrin, so let's take a step back because really your expertise here is going to help you a lot more than anything, in some ways, our expertise. It's not something that hasn't been very actively discussed on your side of the world that leading up to this election, money here and around the world has been somewhat on the sideline waiting to have a better understanding of what this all means. All right? And I've been doing this, getting close to four decades now, and this is not the first time that I've seen questions about where the market is as it fully value, doesn't it fully value, what is the political world mean, what a world events mean et cetera, et cetera. I don't even put this to even close to some of the more significant activities we went through in the past, including 9/11. With rates being where they are, this money can sit on the sidelines and stay on a money fund yielding a basis point, internationally having a negative return. So, the question is, and I've seen this, the best place for returns historically has been and I expect will remain to be in the markets. And as money comes into the market, those assets need to serviced. So, I very much still love the position that ICS is in for a long-term point of view, right? Because I still believe that market, whether they correct, stabilize, they ultimately go to new heights. And we thought it was a how a dire that situation seemed in the past at that moment, it's always proven to be true. So, that's one of the advantages of having more gray hair every day. With that said, we transformed the business when we spun from a company that relied on markets, whether it be trades in our processing segment or positions in our communications business, to a business that's gone out there and identified ways to enable our clients, okay, to meet the challenges going forward. And we have a really wide breadth of product. I mean, one of the things that feels great right now is the position that GTO is in. And if you think about the way we transformed GTO, look at the NACC transaction because that – we didn't want to be in the statement business for these other entities. What we learned was the need – if you're going to be successful in driving digital, it's not the broker's choice, it's the consumers' choice and we had to have a wider breadth of content to go after. I am highly confident as we go forward in our ability to retain and win clients, not because we're going to be lowest price, but because we're going to drive people to the lowest cost and the best experience to service their customers. So, I've lived through volumes going multiple places and position growth. Q4 was high and abysmally low after the crisis, but we're now in a position where we can achieve our success with relatively flat volumes.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: I ultimately believe volumes will come back, right?
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, that's ...
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: This money has to go somewhere.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: It sounded like that – right. So, hopefully it comes back, but even despite that, I think what you guys, and Jim, you were saying earlier also is just that even in this environment there's enough catalysts and levers between data analytics and new business to reaccelerate to maybe a mid-single digit rate for the – from an organic standpoint for the segment.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. The harder we work, the luckier we get in here, (47:11) Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Just a quick follow-up question on the GTO side. I mean, obviously we get lots of questions around demand and the environment around financials, broadly retrenching on spending, obviously it was Brexit; now it's other things, election, et cetera. I mean, any insight into what you're seeing from your clients on -- bigger clients on spending trends right now? I mean, it's seems like the segments' growth rate has held up pretty well.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Darrin. We talked about sales. And we talked about sales with confidence. And look, the $22 million is not a knock-you-out-of-your-seat number. The reason we're talking about it with that confidence is because of the pipeline, the size of it, the quality of the conversations and the level within the largest financial institution that those conversations are taking place. So this industry needs to transform itself. It's not just a matter of taking heads out or reducing the cost per head; it needs to transform itself. And if you go back to the last quarter, we announced that one of the largest global banks, or one could even argue the largest, right? But certainly in terms of what they do, went to seven platforms worldwide to Broadridge going forward, right? That is not insignificant. As other firms are looking at, we can't announce who that client is on something like a call or we can't advertise it. What we can do is talk to every other firm about what's happening in the industry and there is an enormous amount of interest in what's happening particularly because of the size of the firms now that are saying it just doesn't make sense to do this on their own particularly when Broadridge has created a solution that enables us to combine platforms around the globe to create that level of efficiency.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right, guys. Thanks very much.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning, Rich and Jim.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Dave.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Recognizing that the first quarter is seasonally the smallest quarter of the year from a contribution of revenue and earnings. Adjusted EPS growth was 9% under the 12% to 17% guidance for the year as a whole. Can you talk about sort of the puts and takes at this point that would take you, let's say, to the low end of the range versus the middle or the high end of the range from what you see today?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Sure. This is Jim. Yeah, obviously the first quarter is small. So, growth off of a small base -- not as meaningful. So, what we – again, we reaffirm guidance; we have good confidence that we deliver that. So, clearly, if some of the key variables we think about between the low and the high, clearly if interim growths were to pick back up in a significant way, that's a variable that starts pushing you a bit higher. Clearly, if events-driven revenue continues to grow like it did last year, we're assuming more flattish this year, that's certainly a nice tailwind that will push you up into the higher end of the range. Both those variables, obviously, can have factors, bring you down to the low end of the range. But otherwise, we've got very good revenue visibility given the nature of the business, given the recurring revenue base, and business under – the revenues that we have under contract. On the investment side, obviously, in any given year, we've got a set of investments we're trying to make and this year is no different, probably as large as ever. So, those are always levers, although we're pretty disciplined about making sure we make the investments each year. And then obviously, I think, one other variable when you have a large new business like we do with this NACC acquisition, you're still learning about that business, so it's not hard to have a few million dollars move either way, either in additional savings you find or frankly year one cost as you integrate the business. So, those are some of the variables that I think about at the moment, but we don't have to sort of natural volatility that others might have just given the sort of large recurring revenue base that we have.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. That's helpful. Just as a quick follow-up. Rich, the Tier 1 banks that outsourced trade processing to you -- do you get a meaningful revenue and earnings contributions from that contract in fiscal 2017?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Well, David, this is going to be a pretty meaningful conversion process, so you shouldn't be thinking of that as being a major uptick in 2017. What you should be thinking about is the strong sales that we've had over the years rolling into 2017, and that's some of the revenue visibility that Jim was talking about.
Operator: And you do have a follow-up question from Peter Heckmann with Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Guys, I may have missed it, but a lot of things going this morning as you note. But Jim, your commentary around kind of the percentage of earnings that typically comes from the second quarter, you do have what appears to be a fairly difficult comp with the event-driven revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. So, it looks like the consensus for the second quarter is about $0.41. Should we infer from your commentary that that's something more around the mid to high-30s is probably a little bit better number?
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I would just stick with the comments, Pete. I think you're right to highlight the very tough comp for next year. So, back to David's question about, and I'm just seeing a growth coming in the second quarter, I think again queuing of that 11% to 12% of our full year earnings typically fall into the second quarter will probably get you in the right zip code for what we're seeing right now.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Next queue.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Next queue.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James M. Young - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Patrick.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So, my question is around the Inveshare technology assets that you acquired. Can you kind of walk us through the build versus buy decisions that you made. Obviously, it's through the investment for technology that's not completely developed at this point. So, what led you to say, you know what? Let's not do this internally, let's buy this from Inveshare.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: Patrick, this is Rich. Good morning. Yours truly really drove that. As I heard in the ways about blockchain, we are participating with our clients on blockchain dialog as it relates to back office processing which is mind-numbingly complex. As we looked at markets like Estonia and Australia, well, I knew as the leader in proxy and as somebody, as an organization and as a leader myself who was lead proxy for decades, I needed a faster path than the build path, and what I highlighted in the call was that the Inveshare technology does not cover all the functionality of ProxyEdge and lots of the reconciliation things we do, but it's on a more current architecture. And by starting with that as our starting point, our technical people said to me without question we can get to a blockchain solution faster than the path of going in on our own. That's what led to that decision. So, we intend, through this transaction where we've already gotten a reaction of the marketplace, for the world to again look to Broadridge to lead. What's unique about proxy for Broadridge versus any one of us is because we already connect to all parties, the toughest part of blockchain is getting the parties connected. So, hypothetically if IBM wants to get instant voting results via blockchain and another company does not want to participate in it, we would be in a unique position with this solution that when we expect during an election a corporate secretary closes the polls at IBM, it will be – give our preliminary results and we'll issue them in an 8-K within 48 hours, it will be – they close the polls and instantly, at that second, split-second, every vote received through that split-second is now in front of that corporate secretary, all right? So, there are other efficiencies that this will drive but most importantly is Broadridge is the leader in proxy. And if you're going to remain the leader, you can't say, well we like what we had and we don't want to be concerned about making investments. You need to invest to remain the leader. And so, everyone should interpret this, is that Broadridge will continue to invest at the levels required to lead across the markets we weave in.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Now the follow up would be to what extent are you concerned that through this investment you've now capitalize a smaller competitor in the proxy space and maybe make them a more viable product to you.
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: There will always be competition out there. We think the differentiation and that's why I emphasized the functionality. The differentiation between what we do and anyone else can do is very dramatic. We spend more on cyber security than all of our competitors combined have in revenue. So, we live in a world where the days of a Rich Daly starting a proxy business in an extra bedroom are over. Because the requirements to get to even the cyber security needs, no one who gave me the data almost 30 years ago will give it to me today. That's the reality, and no one worth talking about would give me the data. So, this is not about that aspect of it. We remain highly confident that our value proposition is very well-differentiated versus any other offering in the market, and that's why we continue to win. There have been better deals on the table to our – commercially all of our clients for quite some period of time.
Operator: And at this time, there are no questions. Speakers, do you have any closing remarks?
Richard J. Daly - Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.: All right. Well, it certainly is going to be a very interesting day today. And I regret to say it's probably not just because of Broadridge's earnings call. We're three minutes into the open now, so I'm sure everyone wants get off to that. We'll remind you that we have an investor launch on November 16 in New York City. We will certainly look forward to seeing you there, and we look forward to discussing Broadridge as we go forward. I've said this many times before, but it requires particular emphasis today, choose to have great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edings Thibault - Vice President & Head-Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and the Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Edings Thibault, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Edings Thibault - Vice President & Head-Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tanisha. Good morning everyone and welcome to Broadridge's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 earnings call. Joining me on the call this morning are Rich Daly, our President and CEO and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. Please note that the earnings release announcing our fourth quarter results and slides that accompany this call may be found on the Investor Relations tab of broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. A summary of these risks can be found on the second page of the slides. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial results, including adjusted operating income which is adjusted to exclude the impact of the amortization of acquiring tangibles, as well as other transaction costs and certain integration expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities, and diluted adjusted EPS, which is adjusted to exclude the after-tax per share amount of those same items. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results and explanation of our use of non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. With those required disclosures complete, let me now turn the call over to Broadridge's President and Chief Executive Officer Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Edings, and welcome to your first earnings call at Broadridge. It's great to have you on board; and good morning to everybody on our call. I'd like to start off this morning with the highlight section on page four of our presentation slides. Let me open by saying that I am pleased with our record fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results. We recorded strong 9% recurring fee revenue growth driven by solid organic growth and the impact of our tuck-in acquisitions. That strong top line growth translated into 11% growth in adjusted EPS. I am especially pleased by our strong closed sales results. We reported a record $151 million in closed sales during the fiscal year and ended 2016 on a strong note. Our fiscal year 2017 guidance calls for more of the same, strong growth in recurring fee revenue, continued solid organic growth, and double-digit EPS growth. Our 2015 and 2016 results, combined with the momentum we have seen in closed sales and our ability to scale our business, put us on track to achieve the three-year financial objectives we laid out in early fiscal 2015, both with and without the contribution we expect from the acquisition of DST's Customer Communications business. Our dividend increase reflects the strength of our financial results. Our board approved a 10% increase in our annual dividend to $1.32. Broadridge has now increased its dividend every year since becoming a public company. A meaningful and growing dividend is the key part of the capital stewardship strategy that we think will enable top quartile total shareholder returns. While we are on the topic of capital stewardship, I would like to note that on July 1 we closed the acquisition of Customer Communications, which we combined with our transaction reporting business and renamed Broadridge Customer Communications. That acquisition is critical to our plan to help our clients enrich their interactions with their customers while securely and efficiently delivering critical information through multiple channels, including cloud drives based on each consumer's choice. A quick summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results can be found on slide five. Jim will walk you through the drivers of these results during his section of the call, but for openers, let me make a few key points. Total revenue grew 8% in 2016, led by 9% growth in recurring revenue. Revenue came in at the low end of our guidance range, primarily as a result of lower position growth in our ICS business and the impact of the stronger dollar. I will have more to say on position growth later in the call. The combination of an 8% increase in adjusted operating income and our 2015 share buyback activity resulted in 11% growth in adjusted EPS. We recorded a record $151 million of closed sales in 2016, including $57 million in the fourth quarter. That is the second year in a row that we have seen closed sales above $140 million, which positions us well for continued organic revenue growth. I am also encouraged by the mix and nature of our sales wins, which reflect increased product breadth and capabilities and the growing value we can provide to our clients. Our 2016 results place us squarely on track to meet the three-year financial objectives we laid out at our Investor Day in early 2015. I think you'll see by our 2017 guidance that we are highly confident that we will achieve those objectives. Another important objective we laid out was our ability to make internal investments and tuck-in acquisitions as part of a sound capital stewardship strategy. These investments aim to leverage our strong relationships with key clients by broadening and deepening our product lineup while delivering very attractive returns. We spent a total of $56 million on four tuck-in acquisitions and other strategic investment in fiscal 2016. All of our acquisitions were essentially buy versus build decisions, driven by client needs primarily in the Investment Management and Capital Market Client segments. They are also classic examples of our view that by broadening our product capabilities we enable multiple paths to success. Put more simply, the more capabilities we can offer to our core clients, the more likely we are to win new business. For example, in order to support our capital market clients, we bought 4sight in mid-June, which adds best-in-class securities financing and collateral management capabilities. 4sight also brings a global client footprint of banks, agent lenders, asset managers, and other buy-side firms complementary to our own. In addition to 4sight, we also made a small fourth quarter acquisition of a client platform for exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives. On the first day of fiscal 2017, we closed the acquisition of Customer Communications for $410 million. When we announced this deal, we highlighted two primary benefits. The first was the financial returns that we think the combination will generate, including earnings accretion in 2017 and in 2018. Our integration process is underway, and our guidance fully reflects those benefits. We also said that the financial benefit was not the reason why we did this deal. The reason we did this deal was strategic. The combination of our digital investments and their operational excellence, together with the combined breadth of consumer content we now process, the breadth of industry verticals we now serve, and the 75% of mail boxes we now reach will enhance our digital strategy in a big way. We expect that over the next several years this transaction will enable us to significantly increase e-adoption rates and drive richer and more engaging communications while also reducing postage and distribution costs for the constituents we serve, including equity and mutual fund registrants. One of the ways we plan to accomplish our goal is by partnering with consumer technology leaders to distribute our communications to their users. One example of that is the deal that our Inlet joint venture just signed with Evernote. This deal will enable us to directly distribute bills and statements into Evernote, effectively digitizing the mail stream directly into a consumer's Evernote account. Evernote has over 200 million users worldwide and is already deeply integrated with other valuable forms of content, like the Wall Street Journal and Forbes, so they make for a terrific fit and a strong value proposition for both consumers and our clients. The integration of Customer Communications is going well, but it has not been without some bumps. You may have seen a release last week reporting a data security incident in one small isolated business that we picked up in this transaction. It comes in an area we had targeted in our due diligence as needing additional investment in data security, but this particular breach was not identified prior to closing. We are working closely with both DST and our clients to minimize the impact to those affected. We do not think this incident will have a material financial impact on Broadridge. From my perspective as CEO, this incident serves to reinforce the importance of why the significant and ongoing investments we are making in data security are a critical differentiator for Broadridge. Frankly, I disagree with those who say that these businesses are a commodity. I am more convinced than ever that any process that includes important data, like health information, will not be a commodity. Leading companies want to work with partners who they think have the scale and commitment to lead rather than play catch-up in what is a never-ending race to stay ahead of the bad guys that are trying to steal this valuable data. So as I look ahead for Broadridge Customer Communications, I see large near and longer term opportunities. In the near term, or over the next two to three years, we are well-positioned to win traditional customer communications business from large in-house providers who recognize the importance of very efficient delivery of their current communications, the growing need for world class data security, and the imperative to be able to transform to multi-channel distribution going forward. In the longer term, our investment in digital communications will enable us to offer our clients a more valuable and enhanced interaction with their customers via multiple channels. Turning to page six, I would like to discuss my favorite topic, closed sales. Let's start with our record sales number, $151 million in 2016. Our sales reflect an increasing level of engagement with our largest clients. We have long been a trusted partner, but now some of the largest and most sophisticated clients are turning to us to manage critical infrastructure and talking to us about how our systems can evolve together to meet their long-term objectives. Several factors are coming together to generate this momentum. First, our clients are under enormous pressure from regulators to reduce risk and from the markets to reduce costs and free up capital. Second, the investments we have made to enhance our capabilities and increase our product breadth are being noticed. Our technology, the industry standard, combined with our managed service capabilities delivers real value for our clients. Last, the investments we have made in our sales force and technology teams are enabling us to win and onboard more complex deals. More than 40% of our closed sales in 2016 came from our GTO segment, up 35% from a year ago. That reflects the growing confidence that our clients have in our ability to take on and manage more complex operations on their behalf, as well as our broader product portfolio, enhanced capabilities, and broader geographic coverage. Our fourth quarter sales include a major deal with a premier Tier 1 global bank to collapse their global width of seven different trading platforms into a single global post-trade processing platform managed by Broadridge. This is a huge vote of confidence in what we can do for the largest and most sophisticated players in the market, and coming on the heels of similar deals with TD Bank and Royal Bank of Canada, speaks to the growing demand we see from these large players to help consolidate their platforms. These deals extend our global reach and strengthen our position as an industry utility for fixed income and equity trading. While our GTO business is generating strong momentum, we continue to make progress in deepening our relationships on the ICS side as well. A key focus for us has been on the private wealth segment for our investment and advisor solutions. These investments resulted in a renewable fourth quarter sale to supply website services to the advisors of a leading wealth management player. With this sale, we will now provide these services to two of the largest wealth managers in the U.S. These deals are great examples of how we are extending our value proposition beyond our traditional mutual fund and proxy relationships and using our technology to enable clients to better communicate with their end customers. Relationships like these also put us in a great position to upsell our data and analytics. 2016's record closed sales number is an important proof point of our momentum in the marketplace. We enter fiscal 2017 with a very strong pipeline, which gives us confidence that we will achieve our closed sales forecast. Now, let's turn to position growth. Overall stock and mutual fund record growth was slower in 2016 than in 2015. Stock record growth of 3% was slightly below the five-year average, and mutual fund record growth slowed to 4% versus the five-year average of 10%. There are a lot of potential causes for the slower growth, including a dearth of IPOs and confusion surrounding the DOL rule. But we do not spend a lot of time agonizing over these numbers given the long-term strength of historical growth trends in both equity and mutual fund positions. Instead, we are focused on the factors we can control by helping our clients enrich their communications or rationalize their infrastructure. So while position growth will accelerate or decelerate based on factors outside our control, its relative impact on our total growth will continue to diminish going forward. Before I turn the call over to Jim, I want to provide an update on the SEC's proposal regarding the distribution of mutual fund annual and semiannual reports. To recap, in May 2015, the SEC proposed a rule that would give investment companies the option of mailing a notice of annual and semiannual reports instead of mailing the complete reports. Last winter we provided the SEC with our data on the potential impact that this change would have on fund investors and the incremental costs that the creation of a third distribution method would impose on brokers. That review process is ongoing, and we will update you if any decisions are made by either the SEC or the NYSE. A big driver behind these proposals is the desire to reduce costs for mutual funds and fund investors. We share that focus. By working with our broker-dealer and fund clients, we have been able to increase e-delivery from 19% of all annual and semiannual report deliveries in 2010 to 46% of all deliveries in 2016. That represents a substantial savings to our fund clients and is well ahead of the e-adoption trend in directly held accounts. We are continuing to make significant investments to further accelerate and extend the adoption of e-delivery. For example, we are working to develop capabilities to electronically deliver investor communication to individuals through broker-dealers or fund company mobile apps. Earlier this year we implemented a redesign of ProxyVote.com, which is Broadridge's communications e-consent and proxy voting platform for individual investors. These new templates are being used to enhance branding efforts and encourage higher voting participation, open rates, and click-throughs. As I noted earlier, the key rationale for acquisition of Customer Communications was to further accelerate these efforts. Our investments, including our work with Evernote and others, will create additional channels that will enable investors to receive their mutual fund reports, as well as other critical financial information in the channel of their choice. These efforts should deliver both enhanced communication and even lower costs to our fund company constituents and their investors. Let me now turn the call over to Jim to give you more insight into our financial results and to discuss our fiscal 2017 guidance.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Thanks, Rich, and good morning everyone. I'll share with you some additional detail of our top line growth in fiscal year 2016 and provide some additional perspective on our adjusted operating income margin and earnings per share performance. I'll also talk about our recent capital allocation decisions and our balance sheet. I will quantify my (21:18) remarks by discussing some of the drivers behind our fiscal year 2017 guidance. I'll start with a quick recap of our results. Fourth quarter 2016 revenue rose 5% to $975 million, adjusted operating income rose 3% to $279 million, and adjusted EPS rose 4% to $1.45. For the full fiscal year, total revenue rose 8% to $2.9 billion, adjusted operating income rose 8% to $537 million, and adjusted EPS rose 11% to $2.73. As Rich noted, these results are very much in line with our fiscal year 2016 guidance in the three-year financial objectives we laid out at the beginning of fiscal year 2015. As you will see when we get to the discussion of our guidance, we are confident we can achieve those three-year objectives with and without the acquisition of DST's Customer Communications business. I am now on slide seven of the presentation. The biggest driver of Broadridge's revenue and earnings growth continues to be recurring revenue. The growth in recurring revenue was largely organic with contribution from tuck-in acquisitions, mostly those closed in fiscal year 2015. 2016 recurring revenue grew 9% to $1.9 billion. Revenue from closed sales accounted for 6 points of the 9% growth. The impact of internal growth was offset by client losses for a total organic growth of 6 points. Fiscal year 2015 and 2016 tuck-in acquisitions contributed an additional 3 points to the recurring revenue growth rate of 9%. As we focus – as we forecasted on our call in June, recurring revenue came in at slightly below the low end of our fiscal year 2016 guidance range of 10% to 12%. A big contributor to the shortfall versus our expectations was lower than expected stock record and interim position growth, which Rich discussed earlier. Stock records grew 3% for the year and 2% in the fourth quarter, well below the 7% in fiscal year 2015, but only slightly below the five-year average of 4%. Interim positions contracted 1% in the fourth quarter and grew 4% for the full year, well below the 10% average over the past five years and our expectation. While notable, it's important to put this in perspective. A 1% change in mutual fund positions equates to roughly $1.5 million in fees compared to the entire fee base of more than $2 billion. While the 6 points of organic recurring revenue growth for the fiscal year was less than we had anticipated, we are pleased by the acceleration from the 4% we reported in fiscal year 2015. As you'll see when I discuss our guidance, we expect continued solid organic growth in fiscal 2017. Moving to slide eight, total revenue grew 8% in fiscal year 2016 to $2.9 billion, in line with our full-year guidance. In addition to the growth in recurring revenue, Broadridge also experienced some benefits from higher distribution revenue and 15% growth in event-driven fee revenue on more corporate action and registered mutual fund proxies. We were negatively impacted by changes in foreign exchange from a year ago, especially the weaker Canadian dollar and the U.K. pound, which lowered our overall growth rate by one percentage point. Fourth quarter 2016 revenue grew 5% to $975 million, driven almost entirely by the contribution from recurring revenue. As expected, distribution and event-driven revenue did not contribute to our growth, and FX remained a modest drag. As you'll see in the earnings release, fiscal 2016 adjusted operating income rose 8% to $537 million. The adjusted margin was 18.5%, flat with last year and consistent with our full-year guidance of 18.4%. Our business benefited from continued scale and the realization of efficiencies, but those gains were offset by continued investment and the impacts of acquisition, which generally take time to ramp up to our corporate margin model. For the fourth quarter, adjusted operating income grew 3% to $279 million. Adjusted margins declined 50 basis points to 28.6%. As we implied in our third quarter call, the slowdown in profit growth was largely a result of the slower event-driven growth, the timing of some of our investment spending, and measures we took to achieve efficiencies. For example, fourth quarter expenses included $7 million in restructuring costs that we incurred as part of various actions. We expect these measures to have a positive impact on operating income margins in fiscal year 2017. Fiscal 2016 adjusted EPS rose 11%, toward the high end of our 8% to 12% guidance range. Adjusted EPS growth was driven by the combination of higher adjusted operating income and the benefit of our fiscal year 2015 share repurchase activity, which lowered our weighted-average diluted share count by 2.4 million shares year-over-year. Fourth-quarter adjusted EPS growth was 4%, reflecting 3% growth in adjusted operating income and a lower share count. Before turning to our free cash flow generation, I will cover the performance of our segments, which are both performing well. I am now on slide nine of the presentation. ICS posted double-digit recurring fee growth in fiscal year 2016 and has now averaged 10% recurring fee growth for the last three years. ICS recurring fee revenue grew 10% and total revenue grew 9%. The majority of the recurring fee growth, or 6 points, came from closed sales with healthy contributions from the emerging and acquired products and marketing communications. Internal growth added a point, while one point of losses (27:55) result in 5% organic growth. The three acquisitions in fiscal year 2015, plus a small fiscal year 2016 acquisition, contributed 5 points of recurring fee growth, bringing total recurring fee growth to 10%. ICS margins were down 40 basis points year-over-year to 18.4%, reflecting the dilution from the acquisition-related amortization and integration expenses. Margins and earnings did benefit from 15% growth in event-driven fee revenue, which typically carries with it healthy margins. All-in, ICS pre-tax earnings grew 7%. For the fourth quarter, ICS recurring and total revenues grew 7% and 5% respectively, as the position growth dynamics discussed earlier resulted in relatively light internal growth. Pre-tax earnings grew 7% in the quarter. GTO. GTO posted 7% revenue growth and 13% pre-tax earnings growth in 2016 on a healthy balance of closed sales, internal growth, acquisitions, and continued margin expansion through disciplined expense management and scale benefit. Trading volumes were modestly up on balance, with equity trades up 2% and fixed income trades about flat to last year. For the fourth quarter, GTO posted 7% revenue growth and 24% pre-tax earnings growth. GTO continues to work through the conversion backlog associated with two very strong sales years, including a record-setting year in fiscal year 2016. Moving on to slide 10, Broadridge generated $362 million of free cash flow in 2016. The first call in our capital is always our dividend, and we paid $138 million in dividends to stockholders in fiscal year 2016, up 13% from fiscal year 2015. We returned an additional $71 million in the form of share repurchase excluding proceeds from options and shares withheld for employee taxes. Since the beginning of fiscal year 2013, Broadridge has returned nearly $1 billion of capital to our stockholders in the form of dividends and buybacks while reducing outstanding shares by 6.6 million shares. We have also been successful in making tuck-in acquisitions that strengthen our product lineup and generate attractive financial returns. We deployed $56 million in capital to fund acquisitions and investments in 2016, a number that does not include the $410 million we spent to buy the Customer Communications business on July 1. The timing of that acquisition is important because it not only means that we will recognize the benefits of that business in full during our fiscal year 2017, it also means that the cash paid for that transaction came out of the $728 million in cash we reported on our balance sheet at year-end, which included the proceeds from our debt issuance. So please make sure to reflect that cash payment in your modeling of our cash balance. I also highlight our total debt balance as of June 30. Our total debt of $1.02 billion reflects the $500 million in senior notes we raised in the fourth quarter. Our ability to raise that capital at a 3.4% coupon speaks to the strength of our business model and our investment-grade credit rating. As of June 30, our debt leverage ratio is 1.7 times debt-to-EBITDA. That equates to 1.9 times adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR, which is slightly less than the target of 2.0 times which we set at our December 2014 Investor Day. While we expect our leverage ratio to fluctuate, our target remains 2.0 times on an adjusted debt basis or 1.8 times unadjusted. We currently have room under this 1.8 times target, and we expect our borrowing capacity to increase when our EBITDA grows. Moving on to slide 11, I'll review our fiscal year 2017 guidance. As I noted earlier, we acquired the Customer Communications business on July 1, and we have incorporated the impact of that acquisition into our guidance. Let's start with recurring revenue. We expect our recurring revenue to grow 29% to 31%. Excluding the approximately $440 million in fee revenue from the Customer Communications acquisition, our guidance calls for 6% to 8% growth in recurring fee revenue, with almost all that coming from continued solid organic growth. We expect total revenue to grow 43% to 45%. In addition to meaningful recurring revenue, the acquisition adds over $700 million in annual distribution revenue. We expect event-driven revenue, which should not be impacted by the acquisition, to approach fiscal year 2016 levels. Rounding out revenue assumptions for the next year, distribution revenue as a percentage of overall fee revenue should be up from 42% in fiscal year 2016 to approximately 60% with the addition of the more distribution-heavy Customer Communications unit. And based on current FX forwards, we anticipate that FX will be a modest drag again with the FX dollar amount in our segment reporting ticking up another $5 million to $10 million from the $61 million level in 2016. Finally, we still expect some contract losses for customer communications as a result of the merger and acquisition activity affecting the client base. These losses may begin to appear in fiscal year 2017. Excluding revenue from the acquisition, total revenue from the base business, our business excluding customer communications is expected to grow 4% to 6%, reflecting the – reflecting the growth-dilutive effects of distribution and FX. All this is captured in our guidance. We expect our adjusted operating income margin to be approximately 15%. That is lower than the 18.5% we reported in 2016. We expect scale benefits in our ongoing realization of efficiencies to drive close to a 100 basis point increase in the margin of our base business. But we expect that impact will be more than offset by the addition of the lower margin Customer Communications business. As a reminder, the $20 million in annualized cost synergies that we expect to generate in the first 18 to 30 months from the acquisition will have a little to no benefit to fiscal year 2017, which should provide a more meaningful boost to 2018. We expect adjusted EPS to grow 12% to 17%. Our EPS guidance includes $0.11 to $0.14 of contribution from the Customer Communications acquisition, net of related interest expense. Again, we expect greater contribution in fiscal year 2018, $0.16 to $0.21 on an adjusted basis, as our expected synergies begin to have an impact. As a result of our new senior notes, we expect interest and other expense to increase by about $18 million to $50 million. We expect that our tax rate will be flat for fiscal year 2016. Pulling out the impact from the Customer Communications acquisition, base Broadridge is expected to grow adjusted EPS 8% to 12%. Before I move on to free cash flow, a reminder about seasonality. Given the seasonality of our business, we once again expect more than 70% of the earnings for the combined businesses to fall in the second half of the year and for the first quarter to be a low double-digit percentage of full-year earnings. Free cash flow. We expect free cash flows to be in the range of $350 million to $400 million. Included in that free cash flow guidance is $120 million to $150 million of capital expenditures, up from $76 million in 2016. The increase in our capital spending reflects planned higher spending within customer communication, including some investment tied to achieving our integration synergies and some significant investment we are making in a datacenter in a new facility in Bangalore, India. We do not expect this level of capital spending to be the new norm going forward. Finally, we expect closed sales to be in the range of $140 million to $180 million, which includes a modest benefit from the acquisition and compares to $151 million in 2016. Our outlook for 2017 reflects our confidence that we will achieve the three-year financial objectives we laid out at our Investor Day. As a reminder, those objectives on a three-year, compound, annual growth rate basis through fiscal year 2017 are recurring fee growth of 7% to 10%, total revenue growth of 5% to 7%, adjusted earnings growth of 9% to 11%. I am pleased to note that we are on track to hit all of these objectives, both with and without the Customer Communications acquisition. There's another important metric – margin. Our stated objective was to expand margins 50 to 60 basis points per annum. Accounting for our change in presentation this means achieving a 19% plus adjusted operating income margin in fiscal year 2017 or a 50 margin – a margin 50 basis points higher than our fiscal year 2016 margin. And again, we are guiding for an approximate 100 basis point increase, so right on track on margin as well. I will now turn the call back to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 12 for my concluding remarks. Broadridge performed well in 2016. We had strong 9% recurring revenue growth powered by solid organic growth and 11% adjusted EPS growth. Our strong closed sales results reflect the growing acceptance of Broadridge as a technology partner and positions us well for 2017. Our 2017 guidance implies more of the same. We expect our growth to be driven by the impact of the Customer Communications acquisition and continued solid organic growth, which should translate into double-digit EPS growth. Our board authorized a 10% increase in our annual dividend to $1.32. This will be the ninth consecutive year Broadridge has raised its annual dividend, every year since we went public. Hearing the headlines, I also wanted to leave you with an understanding of why I think Broadridge is so well-positioned for growth in 2017 and beyond. When I look across the company I see three factors coming together that give me tremendous confidence – tremendous cause for optimism. The first factor is that the cost pressures faced by our clients are not going away. The financial services industry is under massive pressure to cut costs, free up capital, and reduce risk. To do so, large players are more willing than ever to turn to select outside partners who have the proven ability to manage complex operations and secure their data at the highest levels possible. The second factor is that Broadridge has made big strides in broadening and deepening its product base and has added global capabilities that we lacked in the past. We have added to our data and analytics capabilities. We have broadened our asset class coverage. And we have added additional capabilities like tax and investment fund accounting. And now the Broadridge Customer Communications combination gives us the scale and technology to significantly accelerate our digital strategy. Beyond our enhanced product capabilities, we have also invested in our people. We have invested in our sales organization and added to our execution teams. These investments have helped reshape the way clients interact with us and encourage them to talk to us about taking on bigger and more complex operations than they would have in the past. These three factors, reshaping the financial services industry, the enhanced breadth and depth of our capabilities, and the investments we have made in our people, are all making a big difference. At our annual sales kickoff event last month, one of our top veteran salespeople was talking about the quality of his client conversations and the momentum he sees in our product development. "This is our time," he told 400 revenue-related associates. I could not agree more. Now we need to execute. We start to compete to win new deals and bring them on board. We start to deliver the cost savings and operational excellence our clients demand. And we start to continue to invest in our capabilities and people. But there's no doubt in my mind that Broadridge is better positioned today than ever. We have multiple paths to continue to grow and drive value for our clients, associates and shareholders. So one final note before turn it over to you for your questions. I want to welcome all of our new associates to Broadridge, especially those joining as a part of the Customer Communications and 4sight acquisitions. And I want to personally acknowledge our highly engaged and talented associates. Their work to meet and exceed client expectations underpins our commitment to the service profit chain. I am proud to be one of the 10,000 Broadridge associates worldwide. Let's go to the Q&A. Tanisha?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, nice to see the 46% growth in closed sales during the fourth quarter. I'm wondering if you could comment on the thought process behind the closed sales target for FY2017? It looks like it's a big range, at the bottom of the range down 7% from what you achieved in FY2016, and at the top 19. Can you walk us through your thought process and maybe give us a sense for what you see in terms of the new business pipeline?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So David, you've heard me jokingly say in the past that my cardiologist appreciates that I'll come in sooner rather than later. We had a great year, Dave, so when we look at the range, this is range where there's always a bit of art and science because, for example, we had a very strong – well, at the core we had a very strong June. From my point of view, if some of the June sales that come in in July, the reality in our ability to create shareholder value is no different. But the reality of having a target out there for the year because of a June 30 date, okay, is something that we want to continue to try to manage, continue to try to grow. So really there's not a lot beyond it other than we want to move that target up. We're always going to look to add to our sales capabilities while we're going to look to drive those long as prior year (44:19), but until we actually get to those numbers, we think modest increase is a prudent way to going forward.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Is there a certain amount of closed new business you've built into the 140 to 180 for the DST acquisition?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We have added that and so you could say that's probably a good part of the range increase. Well, that took place we're at (44:47)120 to 160 as a target for this year, and what – I hope you heard the confidence I was expressing in the call about the quality of the transactions that actually took place last year. I'm talking about that Tier 1 bank that came in where we're going to seven regions to create a single global post-trade processing platform. I'm talking about adding another mega-wealth manager, okay, to our advisor solutions. All right? And I really wanted to emphasize the excitement that took place when we had our sales kickoff just a couple of weeks ago down at Doral. With 400 people, the excitement in the room was particularly high, one, because of the transactions that took place in 2016, and two because of the momentum that we have going into 2017. So we are pleased the way the year ended, and we're pleased with the momentum going into next year. Like I said now we need to execute.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Just as a quick follow-up, how much DST acquisition revenue do you have built into the FY2017 revenue guidance?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah. Dave, this is Jim. As we mentioned, about $440 million of fees and a little over $700 million of distribution revenue.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Got it. And then just to segue into the fiscal 2017 earnings guidance range, which also is a – is significantly larger than usual 5 point range on EPS growth, can you walk us through why such a large range for FY2017?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah, David. This is Jim. Well, what I said is that our – you look at kind of the base Broadridge business excluding the acquisition, we think that earnings would grow 8% to 12%, very similar to what we guided to this year and achieved the upper end of that. So very much we're just layering in the acquisition and what you see is maybe another point of spread in there which is a function of really kind of how you go about integrating the businesses, the types of expenses we'll incur, our ability to achieve synergies. So naturally there's going to a little bit more variability in our numbers. So that doesn't really grow that but think about it as 8% to 12% as the foundation and then adding on top a key integration here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Good morning, everyone. Rich, I wanted to follow up on your comment. I didn't totally capture the essence of it on position growth. And I've covered the company long enough to know that there's some variation from year-to-year, but I wasn't – didn't understand your comment on the Department of Labor's pending rule on conflict of interest or fiduciary rule and how that might be affecting positions. Are you seeing advisors sell down individual positions and go into mutual funds or consolidate positions? Can you talk about that a little bit more?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So Pete, first of all, about one-third of the accounts out there are IRA accounts, okay, just to put things in a context. And in speaking with one of our largest wealth management firms, and I was asking them is there anything they were aware of as it relates to mutual fund activity? And the look was kind of like you've got to be kidding me. With a Department of Labor ruling out there and the grandfathering impact and you have this whole new BIC concept out there, okay, the idea of moving somebody the way somebody traditionally would into – from one fund into another fund or to diversify the investment into other funds, okay? Until it's understood what that means in terms of the best interest contract, until it's understood in terms of what that means for the FC and to the firm in terms of their responsibility, the reaction of that particular firm was we're going to see less changes in terms of the investment portfolio until we understand what's going on with this DOL rule as it gets implemented. That's exactly what I was trying to talk today. Now, I don t claim to be an expert in the Department of Labor ruling. I do know that we're working with a number of clients to help them understand what they need to communicate to their investors as it relates to that. What I really wanted you to hear, Pete, was that a long time ago, and you've been following us for the duration, a long time ago we said, okay, volumes are going to do what volumes are going to do, all right? And yes, we like when they're more active than less active, but what you've seen both in the 2016 results and in the 2017 plan that we gave you today and guidance that we gave you today, is we're controlling our own destiny. And the other key thing that Jim pointed out, a point of mutual fund growth is about $1.5 million. So as we look at $4 billion in fees – as we go forward, $4 billion in revenue and $2 billion in fee revenue, we're talking about a company that's going to continue to drive what we do by what we control. And I anticipate that stock record growth, which I have now been involved with for now almost four decades, is going to continue along the path it's on with ups and downs, but it's one of the more reliable growth factors that I've ever seen in business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Let me just quickly start off on the margin side first. I know your outlook is changing given a lot of mix changes obviously, but can you just give us a little color on your plans around the impacts to the margin from mix versus investments? I mean there's been a pretty big investment cycle going on as we saw in this quarter right now. Where that's going to be in 2017 in terms of a year-over-year investment and where the focus is?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah. Darrin, this is Jim. I guess first just to anchor us in, it kind of came in where we thought, 18.5% versus guidance of 18.4% which included, I'd call it pretty normal levels of investment. Maybe a bit elevated for some of the restructuring activities that we talked about. So those are things that we think we'll see the benefits of now in 2017. And then as we said if you kind of remove the acquisition, we're going to expand margins 100 basis points...
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: ...so very much in line with the plan. And so the areas of investment continue to be across the company, whether it's investing around new products for asset classes in GTO, data analytics businesses, general infrastructure and technology for cybersecurity and the like. So the usual candidates and then obviously you have the more extraordinary type of investment around integrating the Communications business and as well as associated digital investment.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Darrin, let me add something to this here, because we talk about this Customer Communications business, we talk about digital. And I was really excited to talk about the Evernote agreement today. So understand that as we go digital that will reduce – you're reducing distribution. Okay? That will be adding additional fee revenue and that will definitely be coming in at a higher margin as we go forward. Let me just give you one concept as it relates to Evernote. First of all, the additional access to content of 75% of the mailboxes really enabled us to get that agreement into the end zone, and we have been talking with them for quite some time. The thing that we note about Evernote is that when we look at what content is going to Evernote, about 25% of it is related to financial services. And a very, very high percentage of it is people taking documents, and it could be a will, it could be a statement, but let's use the statement for example. They are taking their own paper statement. They're scanning it at home. They're sending it off to the cloud in Evernote, and then they're shredding it home. Why? Because they're going to control their archival. They're going to control their own content and not be subject to the control of somebody else like their financial firm. We can identify those people who are doing that, and we can then go to them and not say, hey, we know what you're doing, but we can say to them great news. You can now send your statement, your confirm, your proxy or whatever directly to Evernote. We can send your bills that we're now servicing through the customer communications business directly to Evernote. So I just wanted you to know that even though the margins are contracting today, as I look to the longer term, and I'm going out beyond the two to three years for Broadridge, we fully expect margins to improve as the digital conversion takes place and as we add more cloud drives to our capabilities.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, Rich, thanks. Okay. I just want to follow up on the recurring revenue growth guidance. I think you said organic was 6% to 8% for fiscal 2017. Just to be clear, I mean, that obviously backs out the DST side, but is there – the tuck-in deals is that at all material in there? And then further to that, just given the slightly slower growth in the net new positions, you seem to be obviously able to offset that and still grow well. So what do you think are – what are the major drivers in that capability despite the underlying secular trend being a little bit slower?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah. It's there on the first one, you've got it right, a 6% to – a 6% to 8% excluding the communications acquisition. That's largely organic. There is about a point that we would expect from fiscal year 2016 acquisitions, of the largest being the 4sight acquisition, but pretty modest contribution from the acquisitions. And Rich, do you want to comment on that?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, and Darrin, again, going back for quite some time post the financial crisis, we invested in a fintech company when others were not. We created more capabilities and that momentum, whether it be a buy versus build, a tuck-in versus a create the product, has really served us extraordinarily well. So as we look forward to next year, and again, the confidence that the entire organization has, and that's really why I highlighted the excitement that was in our annual sales kickoff because it was just truly something where if you look across our products, if you look at the quality of dialogue we're having, you will look at what our clients need to do, which is to truly change their business models to drive more cost out across the, you know, I would argue the 200 offerings we have, there's an awful lot of exciting dialogues going on. And if you will look at some of the larger deals we did this year, it's very exciting. When we became a public company we were doing a large deal about once every three to five years. We're trending now to do three to five a year. All right? And again, I said this in the last quarter's call, and I want to emphasize it here. We are under pricing pressure because our industry is under pressure, but I have to acknowledge that that pricing pressure is more than offset by the opportunity we have to grow our business by people being willing to do more with quality players like Broadridge who, one, have the capability, two, have the focus on data security and operational excellence, and three, have invested in the people to make these processes a reality and continue meaningful dialogues. So I'm going to close with what that sales associate said, this is our time in terms of having an opportunity in the market.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. Jim, I wanted to follow up on one thing you said about having a backlog from two strong years of sales and just trying to understand the conversion process from sales that happened over the last year or two and when those flow into revenue. Can you help me quantify how much of your revenue growth is coming from, say, sales that were in fiscal 2015 and how much is from 2016 that's embedded in your 2017 guidance? Or if you can't quantify it give me sort of a sense?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Sure. Chris, we obviously have had two good sales years. We do think these deals are skewing towards longer implementation cycles, which is fine. We've got good revenue visibility and certainty, but it's kind of delayed recognition of that revenue. So as we look at the plan this year and if you take that 6 to 8 points of kind of organic revenue growth and you back out a point for the tuck-in, almost all of that is coming from closed sales, maybe a point or so from internal growth. So and the majority of that is business that had been closed this past year. So we're starting to see a real uptick in that closed sales contribution that then there's a meaningful backlog that we'd anticipate coming on, not only just in 2017 but 2018, if you look at kind of that big fourth quarter we just had. There's a lot of that we may not see until fiscal 2018. So again, I think the takeaway is healthy backlog. Most of that is driving the 2017 revenue number with more to come in 2018.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's helpful. And then just related to that, at the end of the prepared remarks Rich talked about the investments in people paying off and investing in not just sales but execution. Are you sort of at the end of investing in people who can help convert and execute or are we sort of midway through that process? I'm just wondering if to get these more complex global deals there's more investing the need to happen?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Chris. Well, and let me say it this way. I hope we're not done. We're going to continue to add to our capabilities. We will, as you know, find ways to make the organization more efficient, okay, in the traditional execution of what we do. And Jim, you had mentioned some mild restructuring that we've done again this year. But in terms of continuing to look to grow and service our market betters – our markets better, we expect to continue to invest in product and capabilities to keep this momentum going. So I'm really pleased, and I'll end the year, with the way Broadridge has evolved. And we think we have a formula that's sustainable, and we expect to continue to evolve that way as we go forward.
Operator: And I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Well, thank you all for your participation. Our year-end call is always particularly longer in terms of all that we need to cover both closing out the quarter, closing out the year, and then of course talking about the excitement going into the next year. So we really do appreciate your attention and participation. There will be an investor luncheon next week on – Edings?
W. Edings Thibault - Vice President & Head-Investor Relations: The 16th.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sixteen? So that's a week from today. And hopefully we'll see many of you there. It's a beautiful sunny day in Lake Success, both inside and outside of the building, so we're going to choose to have a great day. We suggest you do the same. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian S. Shipman - Vice President, Head of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David M. Togut - Evercore ISI Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First (sic) [Third] Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian S. Shipman - Vice President, Head of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. This morning I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust by now that everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized on slide number two. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2016 earnings results and fiscal year 2016 earnings guidance exclude the impact of acquisition, amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provide investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide four with the key points. I am pleased with our performance in the third quarter, which keeps us solidly on track for the full fiscal year. Our performance was driven by strong growth in recurring revenue as well as contributions from the acquisitions we made in past year. Given our solid first nine months of the fiscal year and the confidence we continue to have in our business, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2016 guidance and narrowing the ranges, which I will discuss more in a few minutes. Our results are aligned with the three-year objectives we discussed at our Investor Day in December of 2015. We closed $29 million of sales in the third quarter. This frames our year-to-date sales to $94 million and coupled with our robust pipeline positions us to achieve our full-year recurring sales plan, which I'll also highlight in a few minutes. Finally, you will see from our results that both segments are performing well and we're excited by the significant activity across all of Broadridge. Let's move on to slide five, which covers the financial highlights for our third fiscal quarter. Recurring revenue growth was 12% and 10% in the third quarter and year-to-date, respectively, primarily driven by the on-boarding of new business and contributions from the acquisitions we made during fiscal 2015. Adjusted diluted EPS growth was 23% in the third quarter and was 17% on a year-to-date basis. The strong third quarter and solid first three quarters, coupled with our confidence in the business, position us to reaffirm our full-year guidance. We expect recurring fee revenue growth to be at the lower end of the 10% to 12% guidance range. We expect total revenue growth to be at the lower end of the 8% to 10% guidance range. And we expect adjusted diluted EPS to be around the midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance range. We also anticipate our solid year-to-date sales results will enable us to achieve our sales guidance. Year-to-date, we have delivered strong financial results that highlight the multiple levers, including event-driven revenue that we have at Broadridge to drive growth over the long term. A meaningful percentage of our growth has been driven by building or acquiring products that our clients need in the increasingly complex environment in which they operate. As we integrated new products, we invest to make sure those new products are appropriately positioned for growth and meet Broadridge's world-class data security and infrastructure standards. Next, we look for ways to optimize our cost structure. We remain disciplined on expense management throughout the organization. Through a disciplined combination of product investment and expense management, we again expect to exit the year with solid momentum going forward. Jim will talk further about the specific year-to-date performance and our expected full-year results in a few moments. Additionally, let me reinforce our capital stewardship priorities, including a commitment to paying a meaningful dividend, the continuous reinvestment in the business through selective tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development as well as the repurchase of our stock. In the third quarter, we executed on our capital allocations strategy, by repurchasing $75 million of our stock, net of proceeds from option exercises. Turning now to slide six. Let's look at some of the business highlights in the third quarter. I'd like to start with our solid sales performance. Closed sales were $29 million for the third quarter and were $94 million for the first three quarters of the year. This recurring sales performance represents the second-highest nine-month year-to-date sales results in our history, only exceeded by fiscal year 2015. Looking ahead, our sales pipeline remains very healthy. I continue to be very confident that we will achieve our sales target for the full fiscal year and beyond. This strong sales performance continues to add to Broadridge's momentum and gives us visibility to sustain future revenue growth within our control. Seeing the ongoing demand for our products and solutions, which is enhanced by industry trends of mutualization, digitization and data and analytics, gives me the continued confidence that we will achieve the three-year objectives we set at our Investor Day in December 2014. I'm confident in our sales trajectory over the long term, because the large financial institution we serve remain under intense return-on-equity pressure, and we represent a reliable way to address some of this pressure. Given the environment, we continue to experience pricing pressure. I don't recall a timing during my tenure as CEO, where we didn't see pricing pressure. Pricing pressure has been more than offset by new sales opportunities. We are seeing an increasing willingness to outsource non-differentiating functions to reduce cost. An increasing regulatory complexity also creates more opportunity for Broadridge as firms struggle to remain compliant and competitive within an ever-changing industry landscape. The Department of Labor, or DOL, Conflict of Interest rule is an example of this. The new rule is changing the standard from suitability to fiduciary standards for retirement accounts going forward. The rule's intended to minimize conflicts of interest that may hinder a fiduciary's ability to act in the best interest of their clients. The latest release provides more clarity, however, for our clients this remains a very critical and fluid issue. Although it's still early, Broadridge has already had a significant number of conversations with clients, who will come to us to discuss potential communication and processing requirements. We've been working with our clients to assess the rule and discuss how we can help address their compliance challenges, whether it be through communications or processing assistance. Broadridge is in the unique position to offer a suite of customer communications, data and technology solutions that can help our clients provide complex disclosures and communications to their retirement investments, enable financial advisors to officially make the best interest contract and allow firms to monitor and enforce policies and procedure designed to minimize conflicts of interest. This is another example of how Broadridge is likely to play some role in the ongoing changes that our industry regularly goes through. As we discussed before, we continue to challenge ourselves to be innovators, planning for the next generation of products and services to meet our client needs. Creating mission-critical solutions our client need to compete in an increasingly complex and costly environment will ensure our future growth. We continue to invest in internal product development as well as to drive that growth. One example is tax. We've just successfully completed the latest tax season in our Tax Managed Services business and the products are really gaining traction. We're excited by the opportunity to solve what has long been a real pain point for the industry. Within GTO, our product strategy is to continue to expand our offerings to meet client needs. A recent example is our investment in the securities lending platform, which complements and extends our securities lending and financing capabilities within our fixed-income business. This investment will provide Broadridge with a unique opportunity to extend our global client base and fixed-income franchise. Blockchain continues to be an area of critical focus across all of our business lines. It seems you can't pick up an industry publication without reading about the power and potential of blockchain technology. We are pleased with our investment in an innovative leader like Digital Asset Holdings and we'll look for other ways to invest when the opportunity is aligned to our long-term strategic goals. Last quarter, we talked about our Accenture Post-Trade Processing offering and the growth opportunity we're seeing in Europe and Asia to bring newer Asian clients on to our Post-Trade Processing platform. Since signing Barclays, we are very focused on successfully converting them on to the platform. Back in the U.S., we are very pleased to have signed a long-term agreement with the Royal Bank of Scotland in the Americas to provide fixed-income trade processing services, Investor Communication Services and document management services. RBS become the 18th primary dealer to join our industry-leading fixed-income utility. The total number of primary dealers is now up to 23 in the U.S. We continue to invest in and make progress across our set of digital initiatives. Through our Inlet joint venture, we are meaningfully expanding our partnerships with leading digital consumer channels, such as personal cloud drives. Inlet now has a growing number of companies who have signed up for the Inlet service of our testing with Inlet Highway (14:03). Beyond Inlet, we're investing in a set of digital technologies, which make the content we deliver more engaging and interactive. We've been developing these capabilities in collaboration with our clients and believe these capabilities are a critical foundation for driving up digital adoption and engagement by investors. As you know, digital is one of the three key strategic trends, enhancing growth for Broadridge. It is a mid- to longer-term play. We've already seen significant payback by a virtue of differentiating Broadridge in the marketplace to help us win and retain large customers. These are few examples of areas we're investing in. Increasing complexity within financial services industry, create opportunity for Broadridge to better serve our clients and to create value for our shareholders. Broadridge is a trusted brand in the marketplace and offers a strong value proposition, which should continue to support our growth over the long-term. We believe we have multiple paths to achieve our long-term objectives. And I am pleased with how we are executing on those opportunities to achieve our growth strategy. Next, I'd like to give you a brief update on SEC's proposed rules to require mutual funds to increase disclosure and to possibly provide firms the option of mailing a notice of a fund reports availability on a website. This would be in the lieu of mailing a complete report to those investors who have not enrolled in e-delivery. This aspect of the proposal is opposed by consumer advocates including the Consumer Federation of America. The alternatives to mail notice, which Broadridge highlighted, our Comment Letters better informs investors and far more cost effective of funds to save more than through notice and access by eliminating more printing and postage. The SEC's comment period closed in January and we are continuing to discuss this proposal with the SEC and with other interested parties. If the rule is adopted as proposed, we estimate that the economics of Broadridge would likely be neutral or slightly positive given the work required to perform the additional notice and access activities. As always, we will implement effectively and efficiently whatever new policy the SEC ultimately determines to be the best for U.S. investors and our capital markets. We remain confident that the SEC will ultimately reach a conclusion that best informs and protects investors in the marketplace, while making the process more efficient and cost effective through the use of technology. Engaging more investors in the corporate governance process has always been and will continue to be a core strategic priority for Broadridge. This past September, we re-launched ProxyVote.com, our retail proxy voting website, in order to streamline the process, make it easier to use and to provide new tools and features for companies to better communicate with all of their shareholders. Since that time, we have received over 7 million individual votes, representing over 85 billion shares through the online platform. Further, over 25% of those votes were submitted from a mobile device. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before reviewing slide seven and the details of our results, let me begin with the few callouts; first, our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Total revenues grew 9% in the third quarter and recurring fee growth of 12%, which brings us to total revenue and recurring fee revenue growth of 9% and 10%, respectively, for the first three quarters of the year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 23% in the third quarter and 17% for the third quarter year-to-date versus the prior year. The first three quarters had historically accounted for less than 50% of the full year earnings, so we still have a very significant earnings quarter remaining. Second, our full-year guidance. As Rich discussed, our performance year-to-date in our outlook allow us to reaffirm our full-year guidance across all metrics. Further, we are projecting the total revenue growth will come in at the low end of our 8% to 10% guidance range and adjusted diluted EPS growth will come in around the midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance range. Relative to the high end of the adjusted diluted earnings per share growth guidance range, the projected full-year upside from event-driven will likely not be enough to offset the foreign exchange headwind and a full-year recurring revenue growth performance closer to 10% or the low end of our 10% to 12% range. We currently estimate that FX will be about a 2 point drag on earnings growth, a larger impact than anticipated at the beginning of the year. Recurring revenue growth is projected to come in at a low end of the 10% to 12% range, on slightly lower-than-planned stock record, interim position growth and delayed conversions of sales. These factors, along with continued investment and above-average expenses, associated with cost optimization initiatives, are expected to result in full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth around a midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance range. Now, I'll provide you some perspective on the year-to-date performance, firstly, the fourth quarter, as implied by our latest view as to where in the guidance range we expect to finish. I'll start with revenue. The total revenue growth third quarter year-to-date of 9%, full-year performance at the low end of our guidance or 8% implies fourth quarter total revenue growth of approximately 6%. The most notable driver for this apparent deceleration is event driven revenue, which as you may recall comes in somewhat evenly over the year without a predictable pattern. Event-driven revenue has grown 19% year-to-date contributing almost 1.5 points to the 9% year-to-date total revenue growth and is projected to be slightly down versus last year in the fourth quarter and thus a modest drag in the fourth quarter. Similarly, distribution revenue, which is lower-margin revenue primarily related to postage, has grown 10% year-to-date, but is expected to be up only modestly in the fourth quarter after zero margin distribution revenue for the Wilmington Trust acquisition annualizes in the fourth quarter. Event-driven and distribution account for just about all of the total revenue growth deceleration. Accordingly, recurring revenue growth for the fourth quarter appears to maintain the momentum in growth levels seen in the first three quarters as the year-over-year effects of the fiscal year 2015 acquisitions one-off as our anniversary dates have mostly past. So, with respect revenue growth, the strong performance from event-driven this year elevated third quarter year-to-date results and will likely have effects of dampening fourth quarter revenue growth, moving to our expected full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth around the midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance range. In addition to the revenue dynamics I just reviewed, we also expect modestly higher expenses in the fourth quarter, which will push down the fourth quarter earnings growth rate. These higher expenses are apart from various initiatives underway in the company, including our ongoing efforts to find operating efficiencies, some of which Rich discussed at a high level, along with new business and technology investment. Relative to the first three quarters, the expected modestly higher expense growth, excluding distribution expenses in the fourth quarter, combined with slightly lower fee growth, is expected to result in lower adjusted operating income growth in the fourth quarter. Finally, a higher fourth quarter tax rate will also negatively impact the fourth quarter earnings growth rate. This confluence of tightening factors in the fourth quarter is not representative of our ongoing earnings growth profiles. Third and final callout to capital. In the third quarter, we generated $99 million of free cash flow and year-to-date we have generated $105 million. Our free cash flow is historically back-half weighted and heaviest in the fourth quarter. We are on track to achieve our free cash flow guidance range of $350 million to $400 million. As Rich said, we repurchased $75 million of shares, net of proceeds from options exercised in the third quarter. Including the proceeds from options exercised, we repurchased 1.6 million shares at a weighted average price of $54.80 for a total cost of $85 million. We now have remaining about 8.3 million shares authorized for the purchase. With respected debt, we ended the third quarter with $820 million in unadjusted debt and an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times, even with the 1.8 times we reported for the first and second quarters. Again, our plans are to target a long-term adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2 to 1. As I communicated last quarter, we anticipate executing a public offering of debt securities at some point over the next couple of quarters to support our growth in capital allocation plans. As we've said before, our investment-grade credit rating is important to us and will be considered in any of our plans. I will now review our third quarter performance in more detail, moving to slide seven. This table shows the components of our 9% total revenue growth and 12% recurring fee revenue growth. Contributions from closed sales accelerated to 8 points this quarter as new business continued to be on-boarded. Client losses held at 2% or 98% revenue retention. Internal growth contributed 2 points with positive market factors, including stock record growth in ICS and equity trading volume growth in GTO. And recent acquisitions that is yet to annualize contributed 4 points to recurring revenue growth in the quarter. As you may recall, three of the four fiscal 2015 acquisitions closed by April last year. So, their impact to this line will largely go away in the fourth quarter. The fourth acquisition, the Fiduciary Services and Competitive Intelligence unit from Thomson Reuters Lipper closed in June and will still contribute to this line in the fourth quarter. Now, looking at total revenue growth, recurring fee drove 8 points of the 9% total revenue growth. Event-driven revenue grew a more modest 2% after being up 31% in the first two quarters. This growth, on a relatively small base of revenue, results in event-driven revenue being largely neutral to total revenue growth in the quarter. Outside of the impact from the Wilmington Trust acquisition, distribution revenue continues to grow in line with investor communications that require physical mailing as well as pass-through revenues associated with mutual fund trade processing. Rounding out the 9% total revenue growth in the quarter, with a 1 point drag from foreign exchange. The negative growth impacts from FX lessened in the quarter as compared to the first two quarters as the dollar weakened a bit against the Canadian dollar and other currencies and we began to lap some of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar a year ago. We are currently projecting full-year negative impacts from revenue – from FX to revenue and earnings growth of about 1 point and 2 points, respectively, which are also both headwinds relative to how we planned the year. Finally, adjusted operating income grew 14% and the adjusted operating income margin was 15.9%, up 70 basis points from a year ago. This margin performance is in line with our expectations and consistent with another relatively small earnings quarter. We still expect the adjusted operating income margin to be around 18.4% for the full year. Moving to slide eight and our segment results, Investor Communication Solutions, or ICS, had another strong revenue growth quarter with 15% recurring fee revenue growth and total revenue growth of 11% in the quarter. Net new business was the largest contributor to the recurring revenue growth, accounting for 8 points of the 15%, as we saw healthy activity in customer communications in some of the emerging businesses. With three of the four fiscal year 2015 acquisitions made by the ICS segment, acquisitions again represented a big part of the growth with 715 points of recurring fee growth. Internal growth was positive on continued stock record and interim position growth. Stock record growth was 9% in the quarter. It is important to remember that the third quarter had a relatively small base of proxy fees. The fourth quarter has historically accounted for over 75% of full year recurring proxy fees. We currently anticipate around 3% stock record growth, which is well below the 7%-plus we've seen in recent years. Mutual fund interim position growth was 4% and similarly tracking below the 8%-plus we've seen in recent years. The 15% recurring fee growth in ICS translated into 8 points of the 11% total revenue growth as event-driven revenue contributed very little to overall growth and distribution accounted for 3 points of growth. ICS earnings before income taxes grew 7% as its margin contracted 50 basis points in a relatively small earnings quarter to 13% as the fiscal year 2015 acquisitions continue to dampen margin expansion. GTO grew revenues 7% as net new business contributed 3 points of growth as sales continued to convert into revenue. Internal growth accounted for the balance of the growth. Half of the 4 points of internal growth was the result of one anomalous item. Due to a contract modification referenced last quarter, we recognized revenue and an equal offsetting expense associated with reflecting the current terms of the contract. As for market factors in internal growth, equity volumes were up 3% and fixed-income volumes were flat over the prior year. Earnings before income taxes grew 20% as margins expanded 210 basis points, 21% with the high-margin trade activity. Moving to slide nine and our guidance, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2016 guidance across all metrics. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, we anticipate that our adjusted diluted earnings per share growth will be at about the midpoint of the 8% to 12% range or 10%, reflecting the full-year impacts of FX headwinds, event-driven activity returning to more normal levels of the second half of the year, lower market activity in ICS and higher investment and restructuring spend in the fourth quarter. For your models, I will also note that our year-to-date effective tax rate is 33.4%, which was in part driven lower by some discrete items in the quarter. Also, please note that the fourth quarter is a higher tax rate quarter, given the heavier mix of U.S. earnings. Our full-year guidance still estimate a tax rate of about 34.8% and, at this point, we expect to be around 20 basis points below that rate. Finally, we remain committed to our three-year objectives, including recurring fee growth of 7% to 10% and earnings growth of 9% to 11% through fiscal year 2017 on a compound annual growth rate basis. We look forward to sharing our fiscal year 2017 outlook with you in August. Now, back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 10 for my summary wrap-up. I am pleased with our third quarter fiscal results. After the first three quarters in the fiscal year, we are well positioned to close out another solid year. Both segments of the business are contributing and creating more opportunity for Broadridge to succeed. Therefore, we are reaffirming our guidance and expect adjusted EPS growth to be around the midpoint of our 8% to 12% guidance range. Jim just gave you the puts and takes of how we see the full fiscal year playing out. So, let me now add some more color from my perceptive. This will be another year with a multiple revenue streams within Broadridge, netted out to enable us to create solid revenue and earnings growth. Our goal has been to create multiple new revenue streams within our control to offset some of the revenue streams outside of our control so that when normal market fluctuations occur, we can still deliver solid results. We saw event-driven revenue perform stronger, while FX continue to be a bit a headwind, both of which are primarily out of our control. But our continued investment in buying and building product to meet our industry's growing opportunities and challenges will enable us to generate sufficient growth. This should all translate into four solid quarters of revenue and earnings performance, consistent with our guidance. This momentum in both revenue and earnings should enable us to continue to meet our three-year objectives, including a solid fiscal year 2017 next year to finish our three-year objectives. Our strong sales performance through the third quarter also positions us to finish the year within our guidance range of $120 million to $160 million. This sales growth is a proof point that our brand remains trusted in the marketplace and our products offer a strong value proposition to our clients. The sales growth is also very strong indicator, coupled with our 98% client retention rate that we can continue to deliver consistent revenue growth in the future despite the challenging environment our customers continue to face. We are now past the halfway point through the three-year objectives we communicated to you at Investor Day in December 2014 and our results remain strongly aligned with the three-year objectives, which include recurring fee growth of 7% to 10% and earnings growth of 9% to 11%. As I just said, our focus now is on a strong finish to fiscal 2016 and planning for another solid year's performance in fiscal 2017. The financial services industry continues to revolve driven by the secular trends of mutualization, digitization and data and analytics. Enabled by these key trends, we believe that there are multiple paths to achieving our longer-term objectives. By executing against these opportunities, we will enable Broadridge to achieve our long-term performance objectives and maintain our trajectory to continue to provide top-quartile shareholder returns over any multiyear period. Though model remains compelling, we generate a high level of free cash flow relative to net earnings and we have a compelling market opportunity that affords us long-term growth potential. And we have proven again this year that we can grow over the long term through various market cycles. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our highly-engaged and talented associates. Our associates enabled us to have record levels of client satisfaction. Our commitment to the service profit chain continues to prove that the most successful way to create long-term value is to have the most actively engaged and talented associates, who consistently meet and exceed client expectations. This happened every day at Broadridge, whether it's successfully rolling out new products like tax, aggregation, advisor solutions, data and analytics, vetted digital content to drive e-adoption rates, FX products, securities lending, reference data products, DOL solutions or making everything we do across both segments more efficient and user friendly like our new proxy voting platform and our T2 conversion plans for industry. I could devote the entire call to innovation activities at Broadridge and not be able to adequately cover all that's going on. I couldn't be more pleased with our associates' commitment and results, and I'm proud to be one of the 7,400-plus worldwide associates of Broadridge. With that, I'll turn the call back to Tanisha, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions. Tanisha?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning, Rich and Jim.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Hey, Dave.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Appreciate all the helpful detail on the fourth quarter outlook, recognizing it's a little early to talk about fiscal 2017. Can you give us some of your thoughts on how some of the trends in event-driven and distribution revenue and some of the actions you're taking on expenses might impact FY 2017 at least at a high level?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm going to have Jim's going. David, when we were preparing for this call, I said, okay, Jim, you're going to be the most important guys in this call, because it really is something that we wanted to give you that clarity. So, I'm pleased that you recognized the effort there. And after Jim goes, I'll provide some color.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Thanks, Dave. As you said, it is a little early, even preliminary to talk about FY 2017. You mentioned specifically about event-driven, the reality is, by definition, we don't have great visibility into this. So, way too early to comment on what we see, other than again over a long period of time, we've seen good growth there as record positions continue to grow. But no specifics on any of those one line items. And no other callout at this point other than obviously we're committed to our three-year objectives, but certainly give you some idea of our expectations for fiscal year 2017.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Is that...
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry, David. And even beyond that, so the thing that I try to emphasize, David, beyond giving you specifics that you could use as you think about the rest of this year and 2017 and what Jim discussed, is that the sales revenue, I did call out specifically that I'm pleased with, all right. And we traditionally have been a backend company – a backend-of-the-year company in terms of sales performance. So, my cardiologist is pleased with this year's performance to date as well as last year's performance. As you know, we went into certain years, where we really had to do, it seem like, the majority of the activity in the fourth quarter. So, sales will clearly be one of the things as I look to next year and the ability to convert the backlog we have and conversion rate now as well as new sales converting to some degree, it feels good in terms of the revenue we can control. There's still lots of activities within the industry and I tried to highlight that as well, where I think Broadridge will continue to play a role as we go forward. And again that's revenue growth within our control as well. Event-driven for the year will be slightly better. It's still creeping up to what expect to be the new norm to be with about, I don't know, somewhere around 15%-or-so of positions requiring a proxy at least in the mutual funds space, which is what our data still tells us we should be expecting, simply because mutual fund directors don't live forever and don't serve forever. At a point in time, you need to go out there and reaffirm by the shareholders the majority of the directors when you drop down below two-thirds. As far as expenses go, Dave, we did call out on as well and we specifically did that because we always explain at Broadridge when we do acquisitions, look, first thing we go in there is we really needed to get it to our standards in data security and processing. It's very rarely at that level. Last year, we were very pleased that we had some very solid transactions. But we knew we would be investing in that. That gives us the normal cycle and activity of looking for efficiencies slightly at a higher level right now. And Jim called out you're going to see some of that reflected in expense getting ready for that in the fourth quarter. But we expect that to be a benefit as we go forward into next year as well.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: That's very helpful. Thank you for the perspective. You mentioned closed sales, I think, being second strongest on record for the first nine months. Can you talk about some of the drivers of new sales strength? Is this mostly emerging and acquired? And then also, how do you see the pipeline for next year?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Dave, it's pretty balanced, without question. Had we not done really what large – the largest investors are calling out to do, which is to continue to invest in your business, okay, in good times and bad. Had we not done that, we would not be in a position of strength that we're in. You should expect us to continue to invest in the product as we go forward. The dynamics of our industry, but I am sure that – I don't know – maybe they're making batteries for cars or something, the dynamics are equally complicated and opportunistic. But the dynamics of our industry right now, where the ROEs of our clients are clear, and this isn't dailies view. This is the every industry publication talking about the needs to be more focused on getting cost out and finding overall utility-like solutions to drive these activities to really place to Broadridge. And Dave, that's why I highlighted that it's amazing to at times the pricing pressure, which is understandable given the ROE challenges. But it wouldn't be fair for me to call that out as just a problem, because it's more than offset by the opportunity we have by driving more solutions into the industry. And so, we feel good about the product set, which continues to expand. We feel very good about the activities that are going on. We feel good about the investments we've made a couple of years ago and sales leadership and sales management activities, okay, which are still ongoing at Broadridge. And so, we believe that what we set out to do we're better positioned than ever, which just control more of our destiny. Okay. So that by selling the script in normal market fluctuations, including something we saw this year, we have enough control on our destiny to put enough points on the board to maintain our trajectory that we're on right now.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Thanks. That's helpful. And just a quick final question, Rich. I don't think you called out the progress on the SocGen processing contract with Accenture. Can you just update that us on how that's going? And you mentioned a few other bookings on that JV, I think, in prior calls. Can you bring us up to date on how those coming on stream?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, SocGen is live and living. All right. So, that we believe was a proof point that large clients, like Barclays, needed to see. All right? It's certainly aided in that transaction closing. There is another entity, which we still can't publicly discuss, who is right in the sweet spot of going live. All right? And so, Barclays clearly is going to add so much size and scale to that, there has been lots of dialogs that have been driven by that. Our primary goal right now is to make sure that convergence goes seamlessly and as quickly as possible, recognizing it's a pretty complex transaction. At this point, I'm not willing to give you a date in terms of that. But transactions like that generate momentum for us in terms of sales dialogs around the globe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Just wanted start off with one of the underlying trends. I think I heard you call out that stock position growth was low-single-digit, mid-single-digit kind of trends. I think last year it was more of a high-single-digit growth rate. Just maybe touch on the trend there again in terms of what you'd expect we should see any type of return to a slightly higher growth rate?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Darrin, good morning. I've been involved with stock record growth since 1979. And with all the effort we do, it's never easy to say that it's going – to the percentage point, this is what will or won't happen. Let me give you a couple of thoughts here. I was not particularly pleased when the market was getting more than squirrely, at the end of January, okay, going into February, when the largest company's record dates start to fall. All right? So, with that said, it takes a lot of activity, good or bad, to dramatically impact stock record over a short period of time, very, very different than trading activity. Okay? On the mutual fund side, that also had us saying, okay, so what might be different. And candidly, we weren't the ones who came up with this. But in recent dialogs with one of the largest wealth managers, particularly with funds being their vehicle that they have their clients investment in, they pointed out to us that their FCs are very hesitant to the changing investments in retirement accounts, which are about a third of the retail accounts out there, because what's going on in the DOL rules. I don't have any ability to say that is or isn't the case. What I do believe is the following Darrin. Having done this now for three-and-a-half decades, I will tell you that investors need places to invest, all right, and fund products whether it be traditional funds or ETFs, continue to meet that need for lots of retail investors, all right. And if you're looking to save, heaven know you're not going to use a money market fund that will pay you a basis point. And I don't even know if you know buying a 10-year treasury gives any one the ability to build wealth at the level we need to whether it'd be to retire someday or fund the kids education. So, because I've been doing the stock record piece for so long, even though it's not a variable within our control, that's not one of the variables that I think about for long – as I think about the long term of Broadridge, that keeps me up at night.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, there is nothing structural that you see right now that can – that should have a sort of an adverse impact on the next year, let's call it?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's really is no clear insight. When we were back in the financial crisis, certainly on the equity side, we would have killed for this year's stock record activity.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Let me ask you a quick follow-up. When I look at the ICS segment, the growth has been strong, partly because of that underlying trend. But you've also done a lot more build-out and investment in the analytics side of the business, utilizing what you guys have for more and more revenue, and part of that's been tuck-in acquisitions too. Can you help us understand how much that contributed to your story this quarter and then how much of that can next year, more or less?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And now – Jim going to take the first shot at this. We may need you to clarify something. You're coming through just slightly garbled.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Darrin, I think – let me see if I – I think I heard you, you can correct me if I'm wrong. Just sort of the underlying drivers of the sustained kind of growth in ICS, which obviously up 15% (51:54)...
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Specifically – Jim, I guess I was trying to – maybe you can hear me better now. I was trying to get at what the underlying sustainable growth is and the contribution from the data analytics side of your investments in this past quarter and actually in the next quarters?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah, Darrin, the way I would break it down is – and this quarter is fairly representative, 7 points of that 15% recurring growth is coming from the acquisitions. So, if we take that out and you're really looking at 8 points, almost all that coming from our net new business, so really a sales story. And then, within that, Darrin, rough estimate, maybe half of that is coming from some of those newer businesses, specifically data and analytics, but also still getting good contributions from certain – what are considered some of the more legacy business, like customer communications, which continues to onboard new business. So, maybe kind of half of that organic growth coming from those emerging businesses. So, this obviously continue to have good runway, obviously execution's always critical, but good opportunities in front of the team.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And so to net it our – (53:14).
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I was going to say, when we look at last...
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I apologize. To net it out, that's why I keep referring, Darrin, to we have multiple levers, right. And our senior management team on a very recurring basis sit down and discuss do we have what we need to control revenue growth within our own destiny. Right. And that's why the build by strategy, we believe, is so critical to where we are today and as we go forward.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just what I was sort of getting at, is the overlaying size of the analytic investments still relatively small in the scheme of things, but outsized growth is actually having an impact now?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: That's right. I think, as we've talked about before, Darrin, and we'll maybe update you at the end of this year. But in the past couple of years, maybe two years ago, the last time we gave an update, those SG&A portion, the emerging, acquired of ICS was driving close to 50% of sales; some years, 40%; some years as high as 50% for overall Broadridge, so that as you put that into just the ICS segment, it makes sense that it's driving a fair amount of growth. And whether it's this quarter or kind of over the next couple of quarters, those sales start to come to fruition in our revenue growth.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. That's great to hear. Just very last question, Jim, for you on the margin side. Last year, obviously there – this year, in general, you're talking about the investment being made causing sort of a flatter margin than what we've have being seeing actually, which is better. I understand fourth quarter, there's more investments. But as we look into 2017, I know David may have touched on this with you guys earlier, but as we look into the next year, as you've had these deals you've already done now for some time, I mean are we talking about the same level of expansion investment as a percentage of revenue? And should we see less of a drag on the margin given that it seems there is a natural tendency for upside to the margin?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: What was the last part, you said – natural tendency for what?
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: For the margins you expand, just given what we saw in the prior years, and even what you're sort of seeing this.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Great. Again, I would anchor back to our three-year objectives, which are 50 basis point to 60 basis point margin expansion, obviously, this year flat to down 10 basis points. So, if we stick with that, that means we return to more margin expansion next year, a bit more than the average. So, we do still see that capacity for margin expansion investment, relative expenses, maybe this year's a little higher – maybe a little higher than average, but nothing that wouldn't be normal course for us. So, I mean, I guess, generally speaking, Darrin, the answer is we still have the same outlook for continued margin expansion. And what we achieve in one given year, I don't know, but certainly over that kind of three-year period, we still expect to achieve that 50 basis points to 60 basis points per annum expansion.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, guys. Thanks very much.
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Good morning, everyone. Rich, I had a question on the fiduciary rule and the continuing move to fee-based accounts. How do you think that affects Broadridge's business? Do you have that functionality or is that allowing additional vendors to put their toe into the broker dealer arena?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Pete, it's – the latest release added, I'll call it, one could argue more flexibility, but there are legal aspects of it and I'm being told by virtually everyone that until that's better understood, it's not providing the complete clarity that certainly, I think, the industry will have desired. All right? That's why what I said in the script remains very fluid. There will likely be needs to communicate with clients and we certainly – given that we do the vast majority of communications with people already, we're talking with people about that what that could mean. In terms of the processing capabilities, we have Level Comp solutions out of there. We've got other solutions out there. I'm not sure to what degree – with the big – or the best interest contract out there, I'm not sure to what degree this is going to create dramatically different processing activities out there, but Pete, clearly don't view Rich Daly as the expert in this. We have people here, I just met with them last Friday, to walk through and it's a number of strategy people, to walk through the complexity of the rule, the various components in it. And we're out there with, I think, it's an 8 points that you need to know about this rule that we're sharing with clients right now from our perspective, and discussing with them what they need to do first, from their perspective, before we come back with can help or can't we help on, from our perspective.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Okay. But in general, if we continue to see a shift to fee-based accounts over commission, would you consider that to be a negative trend for Broadridge or is that revenue neutral?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't see how that really impacts us. We don't have a fee-based activity at Broadridge in terms of our processing and GTO. And communications are tied to positions not, to fees, not to commissions, not to any of those activities. We have a fee-based business and metrics, where we do have a Level Comp solution, right, and we do have an open architecture solution, which enables, for retirement, large and small broker dealers to service small retirement accounts very, very cost effectively. And we do see the focus on fees and our retirement is 401(k), not IRAs, and but we do see the pressure on fees and the exposure on fees in the case base as well, making our solution there more attractive. And so, we continue to be pleased that we have those capabilities and we also believe that in that business, there will be pressure on fees even though we're working on a very, very low number of basis points right now. And that's why I try to allude not just in whether it be retirement, but across everything that everyone does, pricing pressure does remain a reality in the market, but I did want to call out again, I don't recall a times since I've been CEO and if I look back in my carrier, I probably don't recall a time when pricing pressure didn't exists.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just I was curious, any exposure to relatively larger, in a broker dealer, filed bankruptcy within the last couple of months. I don't think Broadridge has a lot of exposure there but just curious.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're talking about – did you say exposure to broker dealer bankruptcy?
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Yeah. Yeah, RCS. I don't think Broadridge had any material exposure there, but I was just checking.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, we really have such a diverse client base out there. I'm not going to talk about any specific firm. I'm not aware of anything and I just went through this in the Audit Committee meeting. Our receivables continue to be very impressive and it turns out Jim and his team, always find ways, it seems, to accelerate the payment cycle. So, I'm not aware of anything that we're talking about, any degree with any exposure that would be noteworthy. Okay. And one other thing, Pete, my experience has been the things I worried about in these cases rarely are the ones at company. It's the ones I wasn't worried about that seem to show up. So, my view is that our clients overall are performing in a healthy manner.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC: Good. Good to hear. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to just ask about the pace and cadence at closed sales. Rich, you said it's been the second best year to-date. Is there anything that makes you think we are going to be sort of higher in the fourth quarter like we had been in the past or you think this one is more spread out than prior year, more of an even distribution of quarterly closed sales?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The great scholar, philosopher Yogi Berra is right, it's not over till it's over, Chris. So, the other thing I always emphasize and even though we sweat a specific number in a 12-month period, something closes in June and something closes in July, candidly, to me is irrelevant. What's relevant is how quickly it converts to revenues. So, I'm pleased where we are year to date. I'm pleased with the product set we have. We're always looking for ways to expand the product set. You heard us talk about continued investment in the business. We think this is the right way to run Broadridge for the long term. We are absolutely running it for the long term. And so, all in all, I'm pleased that we are where we are year to date. And Chris Perry and his team are going to continue to work very hard through the last quarter, maybe take the night off on June 30th and get back on July 1 and continue to push.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then, sort of related to that. Last week, you announced a Solutions Partner Program and a new hire. Is this something different from sort of a consultative sales approach you've been talking about for last year or so or is this really just extension of what you've been doing?
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd call it a little of both. Okay? Because we were so focused on not wanting to be in a non-recurring activity, we probably passed on more opportunity than we should have. Okay? And the way we passed on it was we weren't staffed or resourced for it. All right? So, we find now that in a lot of the larger conversions, some which are going on right now, I don't want to call out specific names, but by having either professional service capability, not one that competes with the mega consultants, okay, but one that really goes to our sweet spot of expertise as well as bringing partners into the transaction, we can really enable our clients who need the resource to get to some of these activities and take the cost down. We really can enable them to do it better and we find that it aides the selling process. So, you could say that this is a result of the consultive selling approach we've been taking, all right. And it's definitely related to that. But it's an evolution, it's not a revolution. Okay.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis of JPMorgan.
Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Within the pace of margin expansion, you guys are approaching the fiscal year 2017 margin target given at your Investor Day. Can we expect continued expansion beyond this level or is the 80% target more of a steady state where you can focus on other items?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Thanks, Stephanie. One thing is just to clarify, when I'm talking about margin today, we're talking about an adjusted operating margin, which is slightly different than the EBIT margin that we talked about at Investor Day, we'll true that out. But look at the delta off of the beginning base, it's very much the same. So, up last year about 80 points or 90 points; this year, about flat, so averaging close to 45 basis point, 50 basis point. We're still targeting that 50 basis point to 60 basis points. So, it's really that change versus the absolute – so we're – again, still see it and obviously that would mean a bit more margin expansion next year to get us on average to that 50 basis points to 60 basis points we're targeting over the three-year period.
Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. That makes sense. And then, given recent volatility in the markets, I was a bit surprised at the equity volume growth for the quarter. Can you maybe talk to the puts and takes of this and how much of bit it was driven the shift in contract structure?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Certainly, not attributable to contract structure. And Stephanie, as you know, we don't always track any broader indices. But obviously, we saw different growth patterns, if you're talking about retail versus institutional, Canada versus the U.S. But on balance, relative health, because that's as you know that metric that we provide as a same-store sales metrics, looking at the same client year-over-year. So, relative health for our mix of business.
Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. And one last one for me. You guys have been talking about the opportunity in Post-Trade Processing and recent wins for the past few quarters. Going forward, how should we think about the revenue conversion through 2017 and 2018?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yes. Specifically, as we think about SocGen, London is obviously live and so some of that is flowing through the P&L today. As we think about Barclays, it's a much longer ramp really kind of two year, three year in nature. And that said, we do have modest revenue expense flowing through in 2016. We'll a bit more in 2017, but it's really 2018 and beyond where that's start to become a meaningful number. So, that's one of those good win and it'll just take time just to show in a meaningful way.
Stephanie J. Davis - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. So, the first question is on segment margins. It looks like the margins in the ICS segment are kind of trending maybe a little bit below your full-year guidance and in the GTO segment they're trending above. Can you kind of talk about the sequential uptick in spend in the fourth quarter? Is that going to be weighted towards GTO or it might – kind of that current year-to-date trends kind of hold true for the full year?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Hey, Patrick. So, on the Investor Communication side, let me take it in two, kind of what we're seeing. So, you're seeing down year-to-date 30 basis points year-over-year on margins for ICS. So, two things. As we said, three to four acquisitions that we did last year are in that segment. So, those – it will be further – and those, we know, are overall drag to Broadridge margin this year. So, you're seeing it more pronounced in the ICS segment. And then, probably, most importantly, as you know, the fourth quarter is where all the margin is made. So, if we're at 10.7% year-to-date and targeting something in the high-teens for the full year, it's really the fourth quarter that will tell us whether we're on track. And right now, we believe we are. GTO, you're seeing a little bit of that, that's on balance healthy trading activity which comes in at pretty high margins. So, that's sort of the year-to-date performance. With respect to any Q4 investment or restructuring spend, probably, premature to tell you exactly where that falls, although expect activity in both of our operating segments, but it's just as likely to also show up in other, which is our – think about as unallocated corporate costs. No discrete guidance for you on where that will fall.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. And then last one from me. We saw some nice sequential growth in your emerging acquired revenue bucket within Investor Communications. Can you maybe just touch on a little bit further what some of those wins were you had during the quarter?
James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: I'll just talk – I mean, a little about some of the trends that we saw that probably suppressed a little bit E&A growth and that is there is a little bit of internal growth in there that relates to our asset under administration fees Rich referenced earlier, with Matrix. And as equity values were under pressure, that hurt a little bit. As that stabilizes a little bit, we're seeing growth. Otherwise, obviously, a big chunk of that growth is the acquisitions that are – they're still annualizing into that line item. Generally speaking, and obviously Rich can add to this, but I think what's impressive is, even the businesses that we just bought in the last year that would hit this E&A area, are continuing to perform well out of the gate with healthy sales whether you're talking about Direxxis or FIS or Fund Information Services, so we continue to see the traction that we expected in the first year of business cases.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Overall, in the E&A aspect, which I highlighted a few times during the script and as well as during the Q&A, I put it in the category of investing in our business, buying a building. But specifically, on the acquisition portfolio, we set out on the tuck-in path a couple of years after being a company, we've paid down the debt to an acceptable level from the spin. You are always concerned about, okay, what happens if you don't make the numbers. Having a number of acquisitions we have out there right now and really tracking very close to the very high IRR standard we've set, and I set that more for an internal reason than an external reason, because if you say, you have a 20% hurdle, you're more likely to get to 15%, which is a very, very attractive and acceptable number. Right? So, all-in-all, the acquired products and the Broadridge halo of putting these products under Broadridge and Direxxis, I think, is a great example of that. And I put virtually everything else we're doing under that category as well, where being in our level of data security, being in our level of reliability, being in our level of restructure, having the certifications we have, doing the SSAE 16s on these services where we can truly demonstrate to people we have a document with an outside independent third-party confirming that we've compliance, really has given a credibility and it is a big part of our sales activity. And you should expect us to be looking to run the business this way going forward.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing there are no further questions.
Richard J. Daly - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Well, first of all, thank you for your participation. And Jim, Brian or I will be looking forward to seeing, hopefully, many of you at our upcoming Investor Day lunch in New York City on May 10th. As always, we look forward to hearing your thought and comments. And although it's been a bit of a rainy run here, we're all going to choose to have a great day here and we hope you do the same. Thanks so much for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - Head, IR Rich Daly - President & CEO Jim Young - CFO
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore ISI Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Darrin Peller - Barclays Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners Stephanie Davis - JPMorgan
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Second Quarter FY '16 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the second quarter of FY '16. This morning, I am here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentations that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at Broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we will discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are summarized on slide number 2. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP FY '16 earnings results and FY '16 earnings guidance exclude the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights from the second quarter of FY '16, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide 4 with the key points. I am pleased with our performance in the second quarter which keeps us solidly on track for the full fiscal year. Our performance was driven by continued solid recurring revenue from new sales, contributions from our acquisitions made in FY '15 and healthy event-driven activity. Overall, I am pleased with our first-half financial results. We continue to see solid recurring revenue growth and we anticipate some acceleration in the second half of the year. Recurring revenues were up 8% for the quarter and are up 9% year to date versus the comparable periods in FY '15. Given our solid first half of the fiscal year and the confidence we continue to have in our business, we're reaffirming our FY '16 guidance including recurring revenue growth of 10% to 12%, adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8% to 12% and closed sales of between $120 million and $160 million. We closed $49 million of sales in the second quarter, a strong result. I am particularly pleased to report that we closed Barclays for Europe and Asia under our strategic alliance with Accenture. Barclays is our third client on the Accenture Post-Trade Processing platform, also known as a APTP. I will talk more about this in our key updates in a few minutes. Importantly, our sales pipeline remains robust and we continue to see good activity through January. This, coupled with our solid first half performance, positions us to achieve our full-year sales plan. These results underscore just how much Broadridge's revenue model has evolved and how we're no longer primarily relying on market-based activities for growth. I am pleased how our buy, partner and build strategy has enabled Broadridge to enhance our growth potential and become even more important to our clients. Just as important is our revenue retention which we maintain at a solid 98% level. Maintaining this kind of revenue retention establishes a strong foundation for us to achieve our long term growth goals. We believe we have multiple paths to achieve our long term objectives and I am pleased with how we're executing on those opportunities to achieve our growth strategy. I remain confident we're on course to achieve the three-year targets we set at our Investor Day in December 2014. I'm also confident that we're on course to deliver a sustainable, long term, top quartile total shareholder return over any multiyear period going forward. Let's move on to slide 5 which covers the financial highlights for our fiscal second quarter. Recurring revenue growth was 8% and 9% in the second quarter and year to date, respectively, primarily driven by net new business and a healthy contribution from the acquisitions we made during FY '15. Adjusted diluted EPS growth was 19% in the second quarter and was 15% for the first half of the year. The solid first half of the fiscal year, coupled with our confidence in the business, positions us to reaffirm our full-year guidance. Turning now to slide 6. Let's look at some of the business highlights. I will start with our strong sales performance. Closed sales were $49 million for the second quarter and are $66 million year-to-date. The highlight is that we closed Barclays in the second quarter which is now the third client we've signed to the APTP platform. As you know, APTP combines Broadridge's leading post-trade processing technology with Accenture's renowned brand and global business process outsourcing capabilities. With the signing of Barclays, APTP is evolving as the common back-office standard across Europe and Asia. During the quarter, Societe Generale went live in London using our technology through APTP. This achievement is a meaningful proof point to virtually every major bank that APTP is now fully live and the only operating common European back-office versus what appears to be only theoretical competitive proposals. The signing of Barclays, combined with Soc Gen going live, is generating significant dialogues with other major banks. APTP has enabled Broadridge to build out our global technology platform to the benefit of all Broadridge clients going forward. The target market remains large financial institutions that are looking for ways to dramatically lower their operating costs and increase scalability, thereby allowing them to focus their financial and human capital resources on revenue-generating activities. Seven-plus years after the financial crisis, our industry remains committed to rethink the way business will be done in the future. Going forward, our go-to-market strategy with Broadridge's brand as a leading financial technology solution provider, along with Accenture's global brand and resources, will create even better sales momentum and meaningfully adds to our already robust pipeline. Whether it's utilities anywhere in the world, blockchain opportunities or transformative communication strategies using digital technology, Broadridge is at the table driving many of these dialogues. Tim Gokey, our Chief Operating Officer, will talk more about our progress on our overall post-trade utility road map, including the APTP solution, at our quarterly investor lunch on February 9th in New York City. Tim has led Broadridge's APTP efforts, along with Charlie Marchesani, our President of GTO; and Tom Carey, our London-based President of GTO International. The upcoming trade settlement migration from trade day plus three to trade day plus two is another example of the benefits of being on the Broadridge platform. The T+2 migration initiative is applicable to equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds and unit investment trusts. Large banks and brokers who are not Broadridge clients are indicating they individually will need to spend as much as $15 million on T+2 migration costs. Our clients will pay only a low single-digit percentage of those potential migration costs due to mutualizing costs through Broadridge. T+2 compliance costs and migration costs were factors in a few of our recent sales wins. Overall, our sales pipeline remains very healthy. Although last month, even in this volatile market, the momentum with prospects directed towards understanding how Broadridge enables its clients to successfully mutualize operating and regulatory costs, continues to grow. I continue to feel good about our sales prospects and achieving our sales targets for the full fiscal year and beyond. Next, I would like to provide a little color around our recent tuck-in acquisition activities. The successful execution of tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development remains a core component of our growth strategy. The most recent transaction, QED, is another example of our strategy to target assets that are complementary to Broadridge where we understand the execution risk and can deliver our IRR goals. We completed the small tuck-in acquisition of QED Financial Systems in November. QED provides software-based investment accounting solutions, data management and outsourced investment accounting services to institutional investors and asset managers. QED strongly complements the front- and back-office solutions that Broadridge currently provides for the global asset management community, including portfolio management, data and analytics, revenue and expense management, trade processing and shareholder communications solutions. QED has a strong product, but lacks strong distributions like many of the companies we have acquired. QED is highly complementary to the Broadridge investment management solutions offerings and strengthens our product set for the buy side. Let me extend a very warm welcome to the QED team, whose talent and expertise will make Broadridge an even more valuable business partner to the buy side. At our Investor Day in December 2014, we said a core component of our long term growth strategy is to continue to invest in our product development, solutions and technology capabilities which now includes blockchain technology. To that end, we recently made a minority investment in Digital Asset Holdings. Digital Asset is a leading developer of distributed ledger technology solutions targeting the entire financial services ecosystem through the creation of tailored business logic applications using privately permissioned networks that employ a cryptographically secure and shared infrastructure. Okay, I dare someone to try to say that three times fast. In addition to the investment, Broadridge will be partnering with Digital Asset and other strategic investors to develop and drive adoption of business use cases that will improve efficiency, compliance, security and settlement capabilities of the marketplace for the entire financial services ecosystem. Finally, we believe that Broadridge's industry-leading infrastructure and managed services offering will add tremendous value to our strategic investment with Digital Asset and enabling the adoption of innovative solutions and services for our clients. Our investment in Digital Asset is alongside some of the top global firms, including many clients and those who should be clients. The investors include JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, BNP Paribas, ABN AMRO, ICAP, PNC Financial, Banco Santander, DTCC. Also investing are our strategic partners, including Accenture and IBM and other critical global ecosystem players like the ASX and the CME. This minority investment in a leading blockchain technology chain company is a small part of Broadridge's research and development activities to remain at the forefront of the evolving technology landscape in our dynamic industry. Our acquisition strategy has not changed. Only when it meets our strategic and financial criteria do we acquire new products and solutions through our tuck-in acquisition strategy. The successful extension and execution of tuck-in acquisitions, coupled with internal product development, remains a core component of our growth strategy. The acquisition portfolio, in aggregate, is generating healthy returns to date and is contributing meaningful recurring fee revenue and earnings to Broadridge. These acquisitions are how we're investing your cash to enhance growth at Broadridge. I remain very pleased with the value we have created with our acquisition strategy for our shareholders. As part of our goal to achieve top quartile total shareholder returns over any multiyear period, we have stated that our priorities include a sound capital stewardship strategy. In addition to funding our tuck-in strategy, to address compelling market opportunities, we're committed to paying a meaningful dividend and returning capital to stockholders through share repurchases, as we outlined at Investor Day. In support of our capital stewardship priorities, we will target modestly higher debt levels while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jim, I'd like to give you a brief update on the SEC's proposed rules to require mutual funds to increase disclosure and to possibly provide funds the option of mailing a notice of a fund report availability on a website instead of mailing a complete report to those investors who have not enrolled in e-delivery. If this rule is adopted as proposed, we estimate that the economics to Broadridge would likely be neutral to slightly positive. Subsequent to our last call, the SEC reopened the proposal for additional comments and we submitted a second comment letter on January 13, 2016. We have continued to discuss the proposal with the SEC and other interested parties. The proposed rule change in the default for fund report delivery is unpopular with lawmakers and consumer groups. However, should the SEC decide to finalize and adopt the proposal, we would anticipate that it could take several years to phase in the effective date, impacting mutual fund mailings. As anyone who has followed Broadridge knows, we're very experienced at successfully implementing regulatory changes. As always, we will implement effectively and efficiently whatever new policy the SEC ultimately determines to be best for U.S. investors and our capital markets. We remain confident that the SEC will ultimately reach a conclusion that best informs and protects investors in the marketplace while making the process more efficient and cost-effective through the use of technology. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before reviewing slide 7 and the details of our results, let me begin some callouts. First, our second quarter and year-to-date performance. In the second quarter, total revenues grew 11% and recurring fee revenues grew 8%, bringing us to 9% growth for both measures year to date. Earnings per share grew 19% in the second quarter and 15% on a year-to-date basis. Recognizing the first half as representing only about 20% to 30% of our full-year earnings in recent years, we're positioned to achieve our plan for the year and have reaffirmed our guidance. Second, event-driven revenue. Event driven revenue which has been about 6% of total revenue historically, grew 52% in the quarter and is now up 31% year to date. We have seen notable increases in the areas of mutual fund proxy, corporate action communications largely involving reorganizations and equity specials for non-routine stockholder meetings such as those related to business accommodations. In the beginning of the fiscal year, we indicated that we had planned for event-driven revenue to drop about 4% to 5% from the FY '15 levels. At this point, we anticipate that event-driven revenue will grow over the prior year. This is captured in our reaffirmed guidance. It is important to remember that event-driven revenue is inherently more difficult to forecast with precision. Third, foreign exchange. Canadian dollar and British pound exchange rates continue to be weaker than they were a year ago and are weaker than the forward rates we used to plan the year. For the second quarter, FX was about a 2-point drag on revenue growth and about a 5-point drag on earnings growth. Year-to-date, FX was also about a 2-point drag on revenue growth and about a 5-point drag on earnings growth. In the beginning of the year, we were expecting 1 point of drag from FX on both revenue and earnings for the full year. So, while tougher FX comps were always expected in the first half, we're now anticipating the FX impact on full-year growth rates to be closer to 1 to 2 points on revenue growth and almost 3 points on earnings growth. All of this is factored into our reaffirmed guidance. Fourth, the QED acquisition. As Rich mentioned, this small acquisition closed in the second quarter. We paid approximately $15 million for this business which is a $5 million to $10 million a year revenue business and is expected to be slightly dilutive on an adjusted basis this year. Fifth, sales. We reported $49 million in closed sales for the quarter which is even with the second quarter of FY '15 and consisted of $57 million in gross sales offset by $8 million in adjustments, primarily due to some recontracting related to Accenture post-trade processing for APTP to reflect our most current go-to-market approach. The $49 million of sales in the quarter puts us at $66 million two quarters into the year and positions us well to deliver on our full-year sales guidance of $120 million to $160 million. These results include the Barclays APTP deal that Rich discussed. This deal had very modest revenue and expense impacts in this fiscal year and will start to ramp up over the next couple of years. We believe this sale positions Broadridge to win additional work over time in Europe and Asia for post-trade processing. Sixth and final callout, capital. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter other than those from the use of proceeds from options exercised. And with $755 million in unadjusted debt as of December 31, we ended the quarter at an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times, even with the 1.8 times we reported last quarter. Again, our plans are to target a long term 2-to-1 adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio. We anticipate executing a public offering of debt securities at some point over the next few quarters for the purposes of refinancing our outstanding variable-rate debt and supporting our growth and capital allocation plan. As we have said before, our investment-grade credit rating is important to us and will be considered in any of our plans. We will keep you updated on our debt and financing plans as we move forward.  I will now review our second quarter performance in more detail, moving to slide 7. Using what should now be a familiar format, this table shows the components of our 11% total revenue growth and 8% recurring fee revenue growth in the second quarter. Beginning with recurring revenue, revenue from closed sales continues to be the single largest contributor of growth, with 6 of the 8 points. We continue to onboard new business in both ICS and GTO. Equally important, our client revenue retention rate was again 98% in the quarter or 2 points of client losses as shown here. Internal growth was a 1-point drag this quarter after adding 2 points to growth in the first quarter.  The two largest market factors that contributed to this drag were fulfillment communication volumes in ICS and trading volumes in GTO. Rounding out recurring revenue growth is acquisitions, but as yet annualized. Consistent with our expectation, our four FY '15 acquisitions contributed 5 points of growth in the quarter. As you may recall, these acquisitions all closed in the second half of the year, including two in the fourth quarter. Now looking at total revenue growth. Recurring fee revenues accounted for 5 points of the 11% total revenue growth. As I discussed earlier, event-driven revenue contributed 3 points of revenue growth which also pushed up the distribution revenue growth which is a no- to low-margin contributor. Finally, you can see the FX drag of 2 points on revenue growth that I discussed earlier. These are the components of our 11% revenue growth. On a year-to-date basis, recurring fee revenues grew 9% and total revenues also grew 9%. The storylines largely hold with closed sales being the single biggest driver and the notable contribution from event-driven revenue. Finally, adjusted operating income grew 19% and the margin was 12.5%, up 90 basis points from a year ago. This margin performance is in line with our expectations and consistent with a relatively small earnings quarter. We still expect the adjusted operating income margin to be around 18.4% for the full year. Moving to slide 8 and our segment results. Investor Communications Solutions or ICS, grew total revenues 17% and recurring fees 12% in the second quarter. With three of the four FY '15 acquisitions in the ICS segment, acquisitions represented 8 of the 12 points of recurring fee growth. The balance was largely net new business, with recent sales converting to revenue. Internal growth was a drag for ICS by 1 point, with fund fulfillment communication volumes being the biggest driver. These volumes, like last quarter, contracted year over year. Positions were again accretive to growth. Both stock record positions for annual equity proxy communications and positions for mutual fund interims grew 4% in the quarter. This recurring fee growth accounted for 6 points of the 17% total revenue growth for the segment. Event-driven revenue was 5 points of revenue growth driven by mutual fund proxies and reorganization communications activity. Boosted in part by the strong event-driven activity, no- to low-margin distribution revenues were 6 points in the total revenue growth of 17 points. ICS earnings before income taxes grew 33%, as its margin expanded to 9.8% from 8.6% a year ago on strong revenue growth. Year-to-date ICS earnings are up 10% with modest margin contraction of 20 basis points attributable to the FY '15 acquisition. GTO, GTO revenues grew 3% as the business continued onboarding new revenue from sales. Contributions from net new business were 3 points of growth. These contributions were offset by 1 point of drag from the negative internal growth which reflected the impacts of contract renewals and lower equity in fixed-income trading volumes. Equity trades were down 5% year over year and fixed income trades were down 2%. The acquisition of TwoFour Systems last January contributed 1 point of revenue growth as well. GTO's earnings before income taxes were down 9% the second quarter due to an unfavorable mix of revenue and the impacts of the amortization of intangibles related to the TwoFour acquisition. Margins contracted 16.3% from 18.5% a year ago for similar reasons. Year to date, GTO's earnings were up 3% on a 6% increase in revenues. Moving to slide 9 in our guidance. We're reaffirming our FY '16 guidance across all metrics. With two quarters complete, we're on track to deliver our full-year guidance, recognizing the seasonally larger second half is ahead of us. As I mentioned earlier, FX appears to be a much stronger headwind against our full-year's earnings growth than we anticipated -- closer to 3 percentage points compared to the 1 point we assumed in our guidance at the beginning of the year. However, event-driven revenue appears it will grow above the levels we saw last year. With all this considered, we reaffirm our guidance of 10% to 12% recurring fee growth, 8% to 10% total revenue growth and 8% to 12% adjusted earnings per share growth. We also remain committed to our three-year objectives including recurring fee growth of 7% to 10% and earnings growth of 9% to 11%. Now back to Rich.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to page 10 for my summary wrap-up. I am pleased with our fiscal second quarter results. At the halfway point in the fiscal year, we're essentially in line with where we expected to be. As Jim pointed out, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first two quarters' earnings historically contribute disproportionately less to our full-year results than the second half of the fiscal year. At Broadridge, our leaders will always be looking beyond the next quarter and the next year which is the key reason why we remain aligned with our three-year goals. Let me take a moment to provide some perspective on the financial markets and what it means for Broadridge. Last month was a volatile time for investors. From where I sit, I don't see anything that resembles the financial crisis of 2008. Regardless, we're well-positioned with multiple paths to achieve our goals. At our essence, we remain an asset servicing business, not a trading business. This means short term market fluctuations and volatility don't have the same impact on us. When you are a managed services leader for the books and records, you don't meaningfully participate in the upside in strong markets, but you remain critical and necessary in all markets. Furthermore, we have evolved our business to its strongest point yet. We have more recurring revenue and more long term contracts than ever. With our new products, we're more relevant to our clients than ever. And I can tell you, from frequent recent conversations with senior executives across our client base and products, that we're critical to their ongoing plans and the industry's need for transformational solutions. The model remains compelling. We generate a high level of free cash flow relative to net earnings and we have a compelling market opportunity that affords us long term growth potential. We have proven that we can grow over the longer term through the various market cycles. Recurring revenue momentum has continued, driven by net new business and healthy contributions from the acquisitions we made during FY '15. Our sales pipeline continues to grow and our closed sales performance in the second quarter was strong. Going forward we're well-positioned for continued success and I am confident in our ability to execute on our growth strategy. We clearly are not solely relying on revenue from market-based activities to fuel our growth. In pursuing the opportunities ahead of us, we have identified three major macro trends -- mutualization, digitization and data and analytics -- that we believe are both disruptive and transformative to the industry. Each of these brings unique challenges for our clients -- challenges that Broadridge, with its decades of experience and unique vantage point at the center of the financial services industry, is well-positioned to address. For many financial institutions, mutualization has been the primary focus of their transformation efforts and Broadridge has been at the forefront of this advent for over 50 years, providing business solutions that enable the financial services industry to address the increasing regulatory pressures that are driving our course and shrinking returns on equity. Barclays and Scottrade, with their very different business models, are two key examples of the depth of our market opportunity. Digitization and data and analytics each significantly enhance our existing growth opportunities in the marketplace. To leverage these opportunities, we have used our strong client relationships to enable our clients to use our growing digital capabilities for providing a better customer experience and more cost-effective communications. We're also using our client data to enable our clients to better target customers and understand their performance versus their peers. We're focused on continuing to add growth in our business across these three trends. We also continuously invest in our products and capabilities, either by developing solutions in-house, through strategic partnerships or through acquisition and we have been doing just that. All of these activities, we believe create multiple paths to achieving our long term objectives, giving us a high level of confidence in our future. That confidence, coupled with the first-half performance, enables us to reaffirm our full-year 2016 guidance. We also remain confident in our ability to generate sustainable top quartile stockholder returns over any multiyear period going forward. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our highly engaged and talented associates. Our associates, again, enable us to have record levels of client satisfaction. Our commitment to the service profit chain continues to prove that the most successful way to create long term value is to have the most actively engaged and talented associates who consistently meet and exceed client expectations. We're pleased to share with you that our recent employee engagement survey shows that our associates have made even further improvement from the prior year. Additionally, Broadridge has again been selected as one of the 20 best large companies to work for in New York State by the Best Companies Group. Our selection for 2016 marks our ninth consecutive year of being recognized for creating workplace excellence. I couldn't be more pleased with our associates' commitment and results and I am very proud to be one of the 7,400-plus worldwide associates of Broadridge. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator and we look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Rich, can you just flesh out how you see the new business pipeline in a little bit more detail? Really the underlying question behind this is the first quarter clearly was down pretty significantly from a bookings standpoint. Second quarter very solid, but if we just annualize the first half, it looks like you are tracking to the lower end of your new closed sales guidance for the year, so if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit on your thinking in terms of the target for the year and maybe a little bit more on the pipeline?
Rich Daly: Sure. We're very pleased with the second quarter. I was pleased in the first quarter, because the momentum that we had that led to, for example, Barclays was clearly there. When you reach a certain stage in contracting and it's down to lawyers arguing thee versus thou, it is generally a pretty good place. Broadridge has expanded its product set, so you look at something like the simple thing we did this quarter, QED. We think that in some of our buy site opportunities, again this is not something that I think you are going to write a separate report about, but it's just another example of how we really are more relevant in all of these client dialogues. If you look at where we're tracking, I'm delighted that we're in the first half of the year tracking to be in the range just by using math times 2. If you go back and recall, most of Broadridge's prior history, certainly going back to the first years, it was very rare that if you took the first half performance and multiply it by two that you actually got into the range we were looking to get into, most of the time that didn't happen. Last year, we had a very strong start. This year, I think for the halfway point I am pleased where we're and what it comes down to, Dave, is the momentum and as we look at the pipeline, we believe it is as strong as it has ever been. As we continue that product, we feel good about that. Now, we will never be able to be tracked like retail or something where the comparison of one period to the next period or one month to another month, is going to have the same level of meaning. Because of some of the larger deals, it's always going to be a little lumpy. All in all, though, I feel very, very good about where we're across building, buying, partnering, as well as continuing to enhance relationships to our existing clients to get more wallet share from them in the things we're already doing.
David Togut: Can you talk a little bit about blockchain? Perhaps expand on some of your earlier comments. Is blockchain more of an opportunity or a threat for you and the second part of that is does blockchain make in-house global trade processing more viable, let's say for someone who might be a target customer for you?
Rich Daly: Okay. First of all, we think blockchain is really cool and very exciting. When I'm telling people internally, there are things we weren't able to do in the past, because we didn't have scale, let's use derivatives as an example. Going out and buying something had a multiple of infinity which although I may have liked the asset, because I thought at Broadridge, we could actually make it reliable and stable. I wasn't going to pay a silly price to get to it and I think blockchain will give us another shot at some of those things as we going forward. Dave, the most important thing to remember about Broadridge is we're a managed service company. We don't sell our technology to somebody else just to use on a pure technology plank. You don't go and buy it and it's shrunk wrap and you plug it in. Broadridge plays an active role in virtually everything we do for our clients. If blockchain dramatically improves, let's go to the trading side, dramatically improves and makes trade more efficient, you still need books and records and all the complexity around books and records that we've built into what we do. We think we want to be an enabler, so that is where the DAH investment comes into play. Most of the people who are the key firms investing are already clients, already use our books and records to an extensive degree. I specifically said, in our script, there are some firms in there that should be our clients and I know it and I think many of them know it. And so, by sitting with them, shoulder-to-shoulder, looking at how we can transform some of these activities to be more efficient, to make settlements more efficient and take a lot of the time and risk out of those settlements and for our clients for Broadridge to be able to integrate it into the books and records, that it's ultimately going to need to get into, I think positions us very well in this evolution. If we weren't a managed service, if we weren't books and records, if we were a single play, a single play being a specific activity or a specific market activity, I don't know if I would feel the same way. With all of my excitement, moving from the things we're doing today to what we're talking about moving to, I know how complex this is. This is not trading in your iPhone 5s for a 6s. It is not even remotely close to doing that. For Broadridge, it makes us more relevant in more conversations and you shouldn't be surprised if we do something else in the blockchain space beyond DAH.
David Togut: Quick final question. The other costs were down 46% year-over-year. Jim, can you flesh that out a little bit? Was that mostly belt-tightening or what were the big drivers?
Jim Young: No real callouts. A little bit of expense management in the first half, a couple of unusual items in the first half, a relatively small expense base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Just wanted to maybe take one step back on some of the initiatives you have and just see if I can understand them and how they all fit together. If I think about APTP, you launched it really three years ago or that is when the process started, then last year, you put out the white paper on post-trade utility and now we've got your investment in Digital Asset and like you just said, there are other things may be coming in blockchain. Should we think about all this as one big piece or are they really discrete, separate initiatives that may or may not overlap. I'm just trying to figure out how they all fit together here.
Rich Daly: Sure, in terms of remaining relevant, in terms of enabling our clients to get to a more efficient place, I'd call it part of an overall strategy. Certainly the white paper and APTP are very, very closely linked in things that clients can do today in a very meaningful way. When you look at blockchain and you pick things like syndicated loans and foreign FX, let's use those two examples. In the market today, we're not in either of those spaces and they are just horribly inefficient in the clearance of settlement activities. If that can be and it can be, incorporated and built out into a blockchain, I personally see that as the very likely successful execution activities that will happen first. As that happens, I see some of the bigger plays happening. Let's go back to what you said about APTP which was announced three years ago and we're now live in London. We already had a strong technology platform. Accenture certainly knows how to go in there and work with clients. Three years later with the pieces, in essence, already in place and needing fine tuning, we're now live with two very capable operators who execute for a living doing the execution. What I'm trying to point out is transformation, even when all the pieces are in place, is not for the faint of heart and is a pretty tough road to go down. The transformation I have been looking at with blockchain is wildly exciting because of what the technology enables. Building this out to cover all the intricacies that our markets have and the complexity that our markets have is going to be an even tougher road, but the opportunity here is so strong. For Broadridge, to be with our key clients or people who should be our key clients, in these dialogues, where for our clients, it will be clear that if we can get this technology achieved, to integrate it into the books and records that we're running for our clients now, we can make that part work for them, I think makes what we do today more relative for our clients, what we should be doing for the people who aren't our clients more relevant and makes us more relevant in these new dialogues going forward. But what I wanted to point out is APTP was not for the faint of heart and I am really psyched that we're live in London and that Barclays has signed. Many years from now, I expect to be saying the same thing about some blockchain initiatives, but again, nobody should be thinking this is, you know, go to the Apple Store, buy it, download the app and you are off and operating this afternoon. That is not what it will be.
Chris Donat: Also on things that are not for the faint of heart, within the last couple of months, NASDAQ has announced it is going to use blockchain technology for proxy voting in the country of Estonia. Since it's proxy voting, it seems like it can be sort of in your neighborhood, granted that Estonia is not. I'm just wondering if you see, as you look differently down the road here, are there opportunities, also, for the blockchain technology or distributed ledger, to be used for proxy voting or is that something, working through the SEC and the NYSE's proxy fee advisory committee, could take years or decades?
Rich Daly: First of all, anything in proxy is in our neighborhood. We do proxies in about 100 markets. Estonia is somewhat of a fairly unique market, in that not only is it the exchange, but from my understanding, it's also the books and records. It is through books and records, that is where all the shareholders are for the people who trade in the Estonia market. If you add that, you also happen to be asset servicing which includes proxy. Bear in mind, we service investors in any of the hundred markets that they need to do proxy in. For those investors, we're still going to need to link them into Estonia, because they are not looking to do proxy in a hundred different places, in particularly institutional investors where we're in the hundred markets, but they are looking to do it through proxy action. The key here, again, is that Broadridge is essentially a managed service. In proxy, it is completely a managed service. Irrespective of the technology that's being used in a specific market, our proxies are executed in a specific market. For example, in some markets, we have to use an agent to actually get the votes into the building by the nature of the legal ramifications in that esoteric market. As a managed service, we fully expect to be working with every market. I've actually met with Bob Greifeld to talk about what they are doing. We find it very exciting. I don't want to confuse what we think is a pragmatic view that these things are going to take time to execute and become realities with our enthusiasm for what blockchain could do. And we think for trusted operators like Broadridge who have significant positions with clients, whether it be institutional investors in proxy or global banks in books and records and trading support, we think we will enable them to take advantage of new technologies as we embrace those new technologies which we fully intend and expect to do. I think we'll be talking about this in future pipeline opportunities, but I'm not, in planning next year's operating plan, to be moving from what we do from the current environment to a blockchain environment. Again, let's go back to we just talked about with APTP, we had the pieces in place and three years later, we're really ecstatic that we're executing in London and live.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller of Barclays.
Darrin Peller: I want to start off with an understanding, a little bit of a follow-up with new sales. Again, it seems like you're trending, you had a pretty good first half. I know it's still trending toward the low end of the range, but when we think about the second half and your set up, is there a fair amount of that? Are you expecting another large deal in that, like a Barclays for the APTP kind of business? I guess we're just trying to figure out how much reliance to make those numbers is on a large type of a contract, something like a Barclays.
Rich Daly: Okay. Let me break it out in two pieces, Darrin. Let's first start with APTP, we just went live. Simultaneously with that and I'm not saying they are directly related, but simultaneously, Barclays signed. So, you have got the only operating common back office. And in my script, I specifically put, versus theoretical proposals, because the only other proposals I'm aware of out there is somebody proposing to take someone's existing back office platform, buy it from them, convert it to a multi-entity platform and then operate it. I'm not saying that it is impossible to take a large bank single entity platform and convert it to a multi-entity platform, but in the history of the world, it has never happened. Going all the way back to when Ross Perot bought F.I. DuPont and tried to convert that platform when the world was relatively pretty simple versus what happened today and if you go back and read the EDS Perot history, that was a crash and burn. There is a tangible platform out there. The need to mutualize cost is there. But we just went live, so we know this is going to create a buzz. We know that there is going to be activity. To think if somebody called us today and said, I'm really interested and that we would have them signed and sealed in this fiscal year would be the fastest it would ever happen from initiating dialogues and happening. Now, that's not to say there aren't dialogues going on. I'm just giving you a view that it is not instant gratification. We have over 200 offerings out here right now. There is a lot of ways we can achieve a sales activity. We have a good backlog of things that we need to convert and turn into revenue. I, absolutely, am pleased that the sales are where they are right now. I am pleased that the simple math of going times two puts us in our range and again, I'm going to repeat what I said earlier today, most of the years, at the halfway mark, you couldn't multiply by two and get into our range. We've historically had stronger sales in the second half of our fiscal year. Chris Perry, Tim Gokey and our leadership has done a better job in how we've created more activity throughout the year versus really pushing very hard at the end of the year and then traditionally having slower starts. But I feel good about the pipeline and the number of offerings we have and even in the market over the last month, there may have been volatility in the market, but there hasn't been volatility in what we believe is the momentum and dialogue for having the clients and the size of the pipeline.
Darrin Peller: Just a quick follow-up on the margin side. Jim, you came in better than we expected by a pretty good amount for the quarter. I understand the event driven revenue was also higher. I'm sure that contributed, but I guess to reiterate your guidance, it sounds like for margins not being a year of expansion given the investments, despite what we've seen so far in the first half of this year, again possibly related to revenue that came in better than your own estimates on the event side, can you explain why, are you reinvesting more than you initially expected?
Jim Young: Darrin, no changes in investment plans at the moment. Right now, at the halfway point, we think we're on track with those margins. As we talked about in the beginning of the year, clearly a drag on that are going to be acquisitions and those are performing as we'd expect. Event driven being a bit more favorable and as you said, generally speaking more margin accretive. We also have FX which when you roll it into the impact on margins, it is dilutive on margins. You're always looking at mix of revenue and if you've got, this quarter equity trades were down a little bit, so that revenue comes in, you know that's more dilutive to margin than obviously just bringing on high-margin equity trades or relative to net new business. A lot of factors. At this point, it feels like we're still pretty squarely staring at what we guided to at the beginning of the year.
Darrin Peller: Just a last question for me. I know it is still early, but any further evidence of success from the recent 2015 acquisitions you made? You're investing in them still this year, obviously, but we're always asked a lot of questions if the trade-off is going come of flat margins this year in favor of those deals. Are we seeing the fruit of those deals just yet or any evidence of it starting? I'll just leave it at that. Thanks, guys.
Rich Daly: Darrin, I had a bit of trouble hearing you, so I'm going to let Jim who I think may have heard you better.
Jim Young: I think I heard correctly, the 2015 acquisitions in the early returns if I heard it correctly which, I think all four and Rich can jump in at the end, here. I think all four are performing right where we want to be. Obviously we track, pretty closely, our business case for each of those. They are all on track. We've talked about some of the early headline successes of Direxxis with some name brand wealth management players and some early wins there. But right now, I would say, it is still early days, but each is tracking right to the business case.
Rich Daly: Darrin, from my feel about the business, last week I was out at the Matrix acquisition which was the old Wilmington unit in Phoenix. I put in front of the board a demo of Direxxis. There is no instant gratification out here, but let's just use those two as an example. You take the Broadridge brand and what we're doing already, then add on top of it better capabilities and larger plan activity in a world where retirement is going to be far more critical and the focus on efficient cost effective, bluntly low fee capabilities which we enable, is going to be more and more pressure on the markets and more and more pressure on providers to find those solutions, because it's going to be legally more difficult to provide high-speed plan solutions in the market. It feels great. Then you look at what we're doing in the wealth area where we're using our data and really cool technology that we put in here, that enable firms to do a far better job targeting the prospects they need to get in front of to make their FCs far more productive, far more efficient and have a far better reason to do business with that firm. Just those two examples and that is two of the four that we did last year feels very good. Again, there isn't instant gratification, there is a big of a drag as Jim pointed out, but when we talk about and I said this in the script and this is the proof point. When I talk about this management as thinking beyond next quarter and next year, that is absolutely the proof point and that is why when we say, we feel good about our ability to deliver top quartile total stockholder returns over any multiyear period, that is the way we believe is the right way to run the business is and that is what is behind statements like it. Not let just put out some fancy feel-good words.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale.
Peter Heckmann: Maybe a question for Jim. We saw an uptick in the distribution revenues this quarter and if I remember correctly, the Wilmington acquisition was going to add something around the lines of about $25 million to $30 million of distribution revenue. Is that seasonal at all or should we be thinking for the rest of year that the distribution revenues could be up 10% or 15%?
Jim Young: Two elements in there. You are right in that the Wilmington deal did come with half of it being distribution revenues, so you will see an uptick as that annualizes. But then remember, the other piece is we had a pretty healthy event quarter which really is the biggest driver of the spike relative to previous quarters and distribution or cost of revenues.
Peter Heckmann: We saw a pretty decent year-over-year uptick in notice and access. Is part of that being driven by Investor Mailbox and can we get an update on that initiative?
Rich Daly: Sure. The Investor Mailbox has evolved into digital play. You have the SEC EBIP which we call Investor Mailbox. You have [indiscernible] encouraging people to adopt taking E or looking to get our channel plays inlet live this fiscal year. I would still call it a continuing evolution where we're building a stronger value prop, so E continues to evolve. If you go back to what we said to the SEC in our last comment letter, if you continue to push information in front of people, that is the highest way to get people to look at things, whether it be in paper or E. If you change the default and require them to go look at something, you literally could go from 70% of the people looking at something when you put it in front of them. If you change the default, the data shows it can drop down to less than 1% of the people actually looking at something, so that is why we're saying it's not that popular with lawmakers and with consumer groups. What we put also in that document and this ties back to your question, Pete. If the SEC was to do nothing, in a couple of years, just by Broadridge's continued evolution of E, it would save more money than what the SEC was thinking they might be able to help fund companies save by going to notice of access, without losing the vast, vast majority of people looking at information right now, today. The answer here is going to be technology going forward and we feel really good about Broadridge and what we put in front of our customers versus what people who want to be us or even when we're competing or price negotiating on renewals, what people are putting in front of them. Because with E, we're going to enable the market to save money on proxy and those costs that the issuer paid. We're going to be enabling our clients to save money on statements conference prospectus. We're going to do it in a way that enhances the customer experience and we're going to be doing it with all of the data security and compliance, in alignment with client compliance and rules and regulations that the market takes great comfort in doing business with us. I kind of hijacked your question to point out, across the board, what we're doing in E and it's enhancing Broadridge, but continues to be, I will call it, a steady evolution, not a revolution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis of JPMorgan.
Stephanie Davis: A quick question on the Barclays win, I wanted to, how we should think about comparative sizing and if maybe you could see a faster ramp there given that the team has now experienced two of these transactions?
Rich Daly: Okay. Scaling is something we do for living. If you're doing $5 trillion to $6 trillion a day in settlements, you need to scale. You need to understand scale and you need to be able to execute. We believe that is one of the key reasons why APTP has been successful, in that you take two very strong players, you bring the best they have to offer and again, it's not a secret that the industry has been talking about the need to mutualize costs. It is also pretty interesting that a lot of things that were being talked about over the last 18 months or 2 years or 3 years, most of them have evaporated. APTP is live. Signing clients and converting clients is the heavy lifting. I'm not concerned about when we do that our ability to understand the technology and scale it.
Stephanie Davis: A follow-up on that, just giving your strong first half and reiterated guidance implies a bit of a slowdown in second half EPS. How much of this is conservatism versus some of the puts and takes like FX you mentioned in the prepared remarks?
Jim Young: As you know our growth on EPS can be a little uneven. If you look at our biggest earnings quarter, the fourth quarter, we were up something like 21% last year. As you look at the year-over-year growth, the comparables can be a little bit misleading. I think we're calling it as we see it right now. Clearly FX is a bigger drag than we anticipated, but we like our outlet. Obviously from the recurring revenue growth, we would expect a little bit of an uptick in the back half, so that is the core of our business and we see continued strength there. And the comps will be what they'll be, but we're kind of tracking to where we want to be right now.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Rich Daly: Thanks for your interest and participation. We're going to choose to have a good day, here. We look forward to seeing many of you on the ninth in New York City and again, I want to repeat that we're going to have Tim Gokey walk everyone through a little more detail on APTP, Barclays and where we're at this time. Thanks, so much. Talk soon.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Janesha and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to present any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian S. Shipman: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and Webcast for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. This morning I am here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are summarized on Slide 2. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2016 earnings results and fiscal year 2016 earnings results guidance exclude the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provided to investors offer a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Brian, and good morning everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4 with the key points we hope that you will take away from this call. We are off to a solid start in 2016 and we are positioned well for the rest of the fiscal year. Building on the momentum that we generated in fiscal year 2015, our performance was driven primarily by net new business as well as a healthy contribution from the acquisitions we made during fiscal 2015. I am pleased with our results. Given our solid first quarter and the confidence we continue to have in our business, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2016 guidance including recurring revenue growth of 10% to 12%, adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8% to 12%, and closed sales of between $120 million and $160 million. We closed $17 million of sales in the first quarter in what has historically been a relatively light quarter. You may recall that last year we closed two large deals that bolstered the first quarter sales figures a year ago and make comparison not all that meaningful. Importantly, our sales pipeline is very strong and growing which positions us to achieve our full-year closed sales plan given our solid start in the first quarter. In the past, I have talked about how the Broadridge revenue model has evolved and how we are no longer relying on market-based activities for growth. Strong closed sales growth remains an important element of our strategy and I'm excited about our growth potential over the long-term. I am pleased with how we are executing on our growth strategy and how our strategy has positioned Broadridge to achieve the three-year targets we set at our Investor Day last December. I am especially pleased with our sales and retention performance and our outlook for accelerated revenue growth in fiscal 2016. As a result, I'm as confident as ever that we will continue to deliver sustainable long-term, top quartile, total shareholder return over any multi-year period. Let's move on to Slide 5 which covers the financial highlights for our fiscal first quarter. Recurring revenues were up 10% in the first quarter, primarily due to net new business and a healthy contribution from the acquisitions we made during fiscal 2015. This growth is consistent with our full-year guidance. We reported adjusted diluted EPS of $0.33, 10% growth over the same period a year ago. The solid start to the fiscal year, coupled with our confidence in the business, leads us to reaffirm our full-year guidance, including recurring revenue growth of 10% to 12%, adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8% to 12%, and closed sales of between $120 million and $160 million. Turning now to Slide 6 and looking at the business highlights, at this early point I would say that the fiscal year is off to a solid start and we are essentially right in line with where we expected to be. We expected to be doing well at this point because we are executing against a strategy that is thoughtful and comprehensive. Foundational to our future success, we recently rolled out One Broadridge, a go-to-market approach that is a unified presentation of our full value proposition, leveraging our strong client retention, culture and market centric focus. As part of this, we have aligned our products with the four major client segments we service, asset management, capital markets, corporations and wealth management. One Broadridge is not just a marketing slogan, it is the result of 18 months of collaboration between marketing, sales and the business units to roll out a comprehensive approach to most effectively go to market. We are now able to better present Broadridge's offerings to our customers with a unified approach. These efforts are a direct result of listening to our customers' feedback related to simplifying the number of business units selling into their organizations. We continue to go to market with proactive consultant and thought leading strategies focused on the increasingly complex needs of our clients. This is critical because our industry faces extraordinary challenges that will cause a continued evolution for how firms operate. As we do more for our clients with a growing product portfolio, we become even more critical within their organization, demanding continued operational excellence from Broadridge for our continued success. Importantly, our expanding role in our client strategy and process improvement makes us much more successful during a renewal cycle because we are fostering deeper relationships with our clients as we become more critical to their business. Rest assured, we never lose sight that how important successful renewals are to supporting our long-term growth. Our revenue growth driven by client retention and sales performance over the last few years are a proof point of a value we deliver and the demand for our products in the marketplace. It feels great to see the momentum these long-term efforts have created. Our acquisition strategy has not changed. Only when it makes sense do we acquire new products and solutions through our tuck-in acquisition strategy. The successful execution of tuck-in acquisitions coupled with internal product development remains a core component of our growth strategy. The acquisition portfolio in aggregate is tracking to a 20% internal rate of return to date and is contributing meaningful recurring fee revenue and EBITDA to Broadridge. Integrations of the acquisitions we closed during fiscal year 2015 are on track and we continue to expect those new additions to the product portfolio to become more meaningful contributors over time. Most recently, we closed on Thomson Reuters Lipper's Fiduciary Advisory and Competitive Intelligence business unit, now known as Broadridge Fund Information Services. Its primary business includes 15(c) Board reporting, which helps fund boards understand and ultimately approve fund fees. This acquisition also brings products that complement the Access Data solution suite by helping mutual funds with sales intelligence and enhances their marketing efforts to find new clients. Integration efforts are on track with solid initial sales and market receptivity to Broadridge as the new owner. We also acquired TwoFour last year, now renamed Broadridge FX and Liquidity Solutions. This exciting addition to the portfolio provides software based front to back office solutions for foreign exchange processing and cash management to banks, broker-dealers and payment companies. That product is now on the Broadridge platform and we are selling this service alongside the broader product portfolio to large banks. TwoFour is exceeding our sales forecast and has a terrific pipeline. The Wilmington Trust Retirement Services acquisition was our largest deal in fiscal year 2015. It was a true rollup for us and its integration with Matrix is on track. Wilmington Trust added $50 billion of assets under administration and expanded capabilities in the market for larger 401(k) plans. It also increased our nonqualified plan capabilities where we see a growing need. This acquisition is off to a good start and is performing well. Finally, we acquired Direxxis in March of this year. The Direxxis platform provides unique analytic capabilities for wealth and asset management companies with increased marketing and sales effectiveness and has advanced social media tools built on a modular architecture. Within weeks of closing the acquisition, one of the top wealth managers in the world signed a large deal with us. They made it clear that they committed to Direxxis only after it became a part of Broadridge. This acquisition is performing very well as part of the Broadridge family. These acquisitions are how we are investing your capital to enhance growth at Broadridge. We also continue to invest in opportunities for longer-term growth and continued market leadership, particularly through the three key trends of mutualization, digitization and data analytics. Many of the investments we are making in these areas are still very early and won't begin to generate returns for some time, but the underlying secular trends in these areas are what give us the confidence to continue to pursue the opportunities in front of us and also ensure Broadridge's long-term relevance. These investments align with the initiatives and strategies of our largest clients. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jim, I'd like to give you a brief update on the SEC's proposed rules to require mutual funds to increase disclosure and to possibly provide funds the option of mailing a notice of the fund report's availability on a Web-site instead of mailing a complete report to those investors that have not enrolled in e-delivery. Let me repeat what we told you last quarter in that if this rule is adopted as proposed, we estimate that the economics of Broadridge would likely be neutral to slightly positive. I shared with you on our earnings call last quarter that Broadridge would be filing a comment letter, which we did file on August 11. Subsequent to that, we were given the opportunity to meet with the Chair of the SEC, Mary Jo White, as well as her Chief of Staff and separately with other commissioners and staff members. We remain confident that the SEC will ultimately reach a conclusion that best informs and protects investors in the marketplace while making the process more efficient and cost-effective through the use of technology. The SEC recently reopened this proposal for additional comments for an extended comment period through January 13, 2016 after the initial comment period closed in August. The potential rule change is still very much in a proposal stage and we would anticipate that it could take the SEC many months, possibly years, to finalize and adopt rules and to phase in their effective dates including the impact, if any, on mutual fund mailings. As anyone who has followed Broadridge knows, we are very experienced at successfully implementing regulatory changes. As always, we will implement effectively and efficiently whatever new policy the SEC ultimately determines to be best for U.S. investors and our capital markets. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James M. Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before reviewing Slide 7 and the details of our results, let me begin with some callouts. First, our Q1 performance, with 10% recurring fee growth, 7% total revenue growth and adjusted EPS growth of 10% in the first quarter, we are on track so far with our fiscal year 2016 plan with this relatively small quarter completed. As a reminder, the first quarter has historically accounted for less than 15% of full-year adjusted earnings. Based on the first quarter and our current outlook, we reaffirm our full-year guidance. Second, foreign-exchange. FX was a headwind in fiscal year 2015 and as we discussed on the last call is expected to continue to be a headwind in fiscal year 2016. We estimated that FX would be a drag to revenue and earnings growth by 1 percentage point for the full year. However, in the first quarter, FX had a greater impact than we anticipated with an almost 2 point hit to revenue growth about a 5 point hit to adjusted earnings growth. So we are watching rates closely. More current forward rates are reflected in our reaffirmed guidance. Third, debt levels. I will continue to update you on where we are given our stated plans to target a 2-to-1 adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio. With $734 million in debt as of September 30, we ended the quarter at an adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio of 1.8x, up from the 1.7x we reported last quarter. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter other than those from the use of proceeds from options exercised. Fourth, our income statement presentation. As discussed on our call in August, we have added an operating income metric to our income statement and will anchor our margin discussion and guidance on adjusted operating income where we add back acquisition amortization and other deal-related costs. You will see this new presentation in our first quarter 10-Q. Again, the goal is to conform more closely to the presentation of many of our peers and make it easier to understand our core operating performance. I will now review our first quarter performance in more detail moving to Slide 7. This table shows the components of our 10% recurring fee growth and 7% total revenue growth in the first quarter. Net new business contributed 4 points to recurring fee growth as we began to convert sales from our record closed sales in fiscal year 2015. Higher trading revenues from elevated volatility and increases in other miscellaneous revenue items in GTO, along with position growth in ICS, drove 2 points of internal growth. The fourth fiscal year 2015 acquisitions which closed in the second half of the year are still annualizing and contributed 4 points of the 10% recurring revenue growth. Moving down to total revenue growth, the 10 points of recurring revenue growth translate into 6 points of total revenue growth. Event driven was up 9% and added 1 point of growth. Growth in distribution revenue from increase in fiscal communications contributed 2 points of revenue growth. You can also see the continued impact of FX year-over-year, the 2 points of drag that I mentioned earlier. Finally, the adjusted operating income margin was 11.5%, up 10 basis points from a year ago. This margin performance is in line with our expectations and consistent with the seasonally lower first quarter revenue. We still expect the adjusted operating margin to be around 18.4% for the full year. Moving to Slide 8 and our segment results, in the Investor Communication Solutions or ICS business, recurring fees grew 10%. Acquisitions were the biggest driver accounting for 7 points. As a reminder, three of the four fiscal year 2015 acquisitions are in the ICS business. Those are: Direxxis, Wilmington Trust Retirement Services and Thomson Reuters Lipper's Fiduciary Advisory Competitive Intelligence Unit, now called Broadridge Fund Information Services. Net new business was the second largest driver as we continue to onboard recent sales. Internal growth was slightly dilutive to revenue growth on weaker post-sale volumes. Position growth contributed to the 10% recurring growth as mutual fund interims grew 6% and stock record growth was 2%. These growth rates are down from the full-year fiscal year 2015 growth rates of 8% and 7% respectively, recognizing the stock record growth matters most in the fourth quarter. Event driven revenues were up 9% on more equity proxy specials which refer to stockholder meetings outside of the normal annual meeting cycle and are usually driven by special events such as a merger or acquisition requiring approval of stockholders. We also saw an uptick in corporate actions communications on increased reorganization activities. The 10% contraction in earnings before income taxes reflects higher IT and other operating cost and the impact of the FY 2015 acquisitions which include the amortization expense associated with the acquisitions. As we discussed last quarter, these acquisitions will be dilutive to ICS' earnings before income taxes, which is not adjusted for acquisition amortization. GTO revenues grew 9% on healthy net new business as ongoing conversion of sales contributed 4 points of revenue growth. As I cited earlier in discussing Broadridge's overall results, higher trading revenues from elevated volatility and increases in other miscellaneous revenue items accounted for 4 points of internal growth in GTO. Equity trades were up 8% and fixed income trades were up 4%. As a perspective, these growth rates compare to 3% for the full fiscal year 2015 for both equity and fixed income trades. GTO earnings grew 17% on a 9% revenue growth and margin expansion of 130 basis points to 17.2%. Moving to Slide 9 and our guidance, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2016 guidance across all metrics. In closing, I will provide a bit of perspective on where we stand at this point in the year. Most importantly, we are very early in our earnings cycle. The first quarter has historically accounted for less than 15% of full-year adjusted earnings, and our first two quarters combined like past years are expected to account for less than 25% of the full year's adjusted earnings. Specifically to this first quarter, we benefited modestly from some market activities that may not repeat themselves, and as I mentioned earlier, foreign exchange rates appear to be negatively impacting earnings more than we anticipated, but we also see other market factors that generally remain positive. So as we consider these factors and the other risks and opportunities in our outlook, we believe we are on track to deliver our guidance including 10% to 12% recurring fee growth and 8% to 12% adjusted earnings per share growth. We also remain committed to our three-year objectives including recurring fee growth of 7% to 10% and earnings growth of 9% to 11%. Now back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap-up. I am pleased with our fiscal first quarter results. At this early point, we are essentially right in line with where we expected to be. As Jim pointed out, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first two quarters' earnings historically contribute disproportionately less to our full-year results than the second half of the fiscal year. We also continue to be well aligned with our three-year goals, which I assure you means that at Broadridge our leaders will always be looking beyond the next quarter and the next year. Recurring revenue momentum has continued, driven by net new business and healthy contributions from the acquisitions we made during fiscal 2015. Our sales pipeline continues to grow and our closed sales performance in the first quarter was solid. Going forward, we are well positioned for continued success and I am confident in our ability to execute on our growth strategy. We are not relying on revenue from market-based activities to fuel our growth. The benefits of our One Broadridge strategy are already being felt and we will introduce new products when client demand or when opportunity enables it. This will drive continued growth over the long-term. In pursuing the opportunities ahead of us, we have identified three major macro trends, mutualization, digitization and data and analytics, that we believe are both disruptive and transformative to the industry. Each of these brings unique challenges for our clients, challenges that Broadridge with its decades of experience and unique vantage point at the center of the financial services industry is well-positioned to address. To leverage these opportunities, we have utilized our strong client relationships to understand their changing needs. We also continuously invest in our products and capabilities, either by developing solutions in-house, through strategic partnerships or through acquisition. We are focused on continuing to add growth in our business across these three trends and we've been doing just that. Enabled by these key trends, we believe that there are multiple paths to achieving our long-term objectives. As I said previously, we remain confident in our business. That confidence coupled with the first quarter performance enables us to reaffirm our full-year 2016 guidance. For the long term, we also remain well-positioned to execute our growth strategy. Our performance enables us to have continued confidence in our ability to generate sustainable top quartile stockholder returns over any multiyear period. With that, I'll turn the call back to Janesha, the operator, and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Rich, could you provide a little bit more detail on the new business pipeline, where you see strengths from a services standpoint, and if you could give us nuance on large deal related demand, i.e., over $5 million versus more of the singles and doubles?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. David, as you and I have talked about in the past, one of the things that I do find so exciting is the traditional products have continued to hold their own, but because of the focus that we put on the emerging and acquired, that's really put us in a position now to have a broader product set that enables us to control our destiny without relying on the market based activities. So, the examples I tried to show just with the truck-ins from last year, the Direxxis deal was not insignificant in that we're talking about one of the largest, if not the largest, wealth managers on the planet, okay, is looking at this technology and what this technology will do to enable their [indiscernible] to be far more effective in getting in front of the right customers or the right potential customers to grow and drive their business. I've also tied together, Dave, how these pieces play off of one another when I tried today to talk about not only about the new business but the impact on the renewals. As we continue to do more for our clients, not only to help them and what we traditionally did in regulatory mandatory activities, but now helping them grow their business, the dialogs of a One Broadridge approach to go in there and show them the full suite we can use to help them be both – really a trifecta, more cost-effective, meet regulations better with more transparency, and then on top of that help them grow their business, has really given us great confidence. And then under the direction of Chris Perry where he is really tying all this together for us by that common go-to-market approach, I'm particularly excited by these activities. Now, Dave, the good news is, even though I'm really hoping to announce some larger deals and we have got some good activity with larger deals, and I'd say – when I say good, at least in line with anything in the past, all right, it's really all of these products though that give me the confidence that we can meet the guidance expectations but more importantly the long-term growth goals, because we are not relying on a single deal or a single big deal or a couple of big deals, it's a combination of a broad product portfolio broken out by the asset categories we talked about as well as within there, there are some deals that can actually on their own move the needle a little. So, I specifically said that the pipeline is as strong as ever. Before we say that, we actually go out and do the math, and Jim holds me accountable to that, and the math feels good in terms of that pipeline as well.
David Togut: Got it. And then shifting gears over to Accenture and your JV with them, where you stand with respect to the launch of the Soc Gen contract, and you've mentioned there is another signing you have out there, you haven’t named the client, but what's the timing on the second contract starting up as well?
Richard J. Daly: So in terms of the London activities, we are very close, and it feels great but let's be clear, doing transformative things like this are not for the faint of heart. Broadridge is an organization that uniquely has the capabilities to understand and execute something of this complexity. We are very excited to go live in London. The second client will be right in line or right behind that. And we think that there is a pent up demand of people looking to see that launch and see that launch go successfully. You have early adopters and then you have a market that we believe will be very intrigued by this, particularly when they see it live. So I'm very proud of what the organization did to successfully execute this where we're just about at the finish line.
David Togut: Understood. And then final question on investment spending, how should we think about investment spending flowing through the P&L as we go throughout this year, is it more back-end weighted?
James M. Young: This is Jim. It's probably slightly back-end weighted. We're trying to smooth that out, but if you need one direction, it would be more to the back half.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Donat: Just wanted to circle back one thing on the closed sales, Rich. I understand your confidence in the pipeline and reaffirming the guidance, but just when we look at the first quarter and think about your guidance for closed sales of $120 million to $140 million of the year were below that, but that's a typical seasonal factor for you, right, for your first quarter, is that a good way to think about it?
Richard J. Daly: Chris, you are absolutely right. The $120 million to $160 million in the first quarter is never going to be a great barometer for that. There have been I believe twice in our history where either we had deals that we had hoped to close in the fourth quarter drag in to the first quarter or we had an anomaly once early in the year as well I believe. But the reality is that as much as Chris Perry and Tim Gokey and I are looking at all the organization accountable, the summer is the summer, and even though I'm highly confident that our people are out there on the pavement every day, it's very tough to get the client to, one, agree to do the deal, and then two, get it through their organization, meaning legal, compliance, et cetera, in the summer months. So, there is a seasonality to that. Broadridge, for whatever reason, which Chris is determined to break and my cardiologist is appreciative of it, has always been a fourth quarter, or historically, very, very strong fourth quarter player. We certainly want to smooth out more over the last three quarters than historical. That is aspirational and I guess it's a medical aspiration as well.
Christopher Donat: Okay. And then just one question on the foreign currency exposure for Jim. Can you give us which like sort of your main currency exposure is on the revenue side and expenses? Am I correct that it's sort of euro, pound, Canadian dollar on revenue but Indian rupee on expenses?
James M. Young: Yes, Chris, you got it right, and probably in order more the Canadian dollar and the U.K. pound on a revenue basis. And then as you said, the rupee is big on expenses. In fact, it's probably some of the relief that we haven't gotten that often serves as a hedge and really hasn't proven to be in this period, but you got the currencies right.
Christopher Donat: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis of J.P. Morgan.
Stephanie Davis: Just a quick one on recent consolidation in this space, could you talk to any changes or any expected changes that you're thinking about the competitive landscape as this happens?
Richard J. Daly: Stephanie, as Broadridge has evolved to be providing far greater breadth of product, consolidation is something that historically has always had ups and downs for us. But if you look at the bulk of our revenue in the communications business, consolidation doesn't change the number of investors and has a relatively minor impact on the number of positions, because even when two firms consolidate they don't consolidate the accounts for a long, long time and in most cases if ever. So we don't think about consolidation all that much in the communication space. As Broadridge continues to prove that if you're going to mutualize costs, we really are the only one that has done that with any meaningful degree. So for example on our BPO, we have 31 firms on that platform right now. So, as I look at consolidation going forward, there is always the risk that a firm not on our platform will be the acquirer and they won't move onto our platform. But generally speaking, as we diversify the product set, if you are acquiring a firm that's relying on our apps and getting value from that, from the functionality we provide, there's a pretty good chance that we would be able to transform or transfer that functionality need to the acquirer as well. So I'll tell you, Stephanie, that right now I'm thinking far more as in every day including yesterday and including meetings yesterday about how Broadridge can play a lead role in utility type dialogs versus the traditional issues of industry consolidation because the bottom line is that consolidation is going to be driven by what's the bigger driver for us which is the need to take cost out because margins are down, spreads are down, capital constraints are brutal and the need to take the clearance and settlement process as we know it today and make it more efficient, I believe is a meaningful opportunity for Broadridge given the market position we have with the number of people in our BPO and the [indiscernible] activities and other activities we are doing around the rest of the globe, I think the things that would drive consolidation which is really the cost play still positions Broadridge very, very strongly as an entity to look at, including at J.P. Morgan.
Stephanie Davis: Always good to hear the utility [indiscernible]. As a follow-up to that, how is the recent acquisition of one of your GTO peers impacting your M&A pipeline? Are there any opportunities in that?
Richard J. Daly: We have a high regard for – I believe you are referring to SunGard FIS. Is that correct?
Stephanie Davis: That is correct.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. We have a high regard for the managements of both organizations. Their strategy is different than our strategy and we have a tuck-in view where we believe that getting the organization, getting it onto our platform, giving it industrial-strength reliability and going to market much stronger is a strategy that now is proven for us, and most importantly, we think it's a strategy that gives us long-term control of destiny without requiring a big bank transaction. The Direxxis example of where once we owned it, literally within weeks, that larger or the largest wealth manager in the world came onto our platform. So it's difficult for me to comment on their strategy. So I'm going to refrain on that. There is a lot of ways that people can create value. Our way is to be focused on tuck-ins and to continue to execute on providing more product and extraordinary service to our clients.
Stephanie Davis: All right. And one last one for me, I just noticed you stepped down organic, emerging and acquired growth this quarter. Could you walk us through the puts and takes driving that?
James M. Young: Stephanie, I think as you look at, as we've brought on acquisitions, obviously we've had lower growth. You should see the contribution from the new acquisitions that are annualizing that I talked about that contributed about 4 points of our growth. So there is no slowdown in these businesses. If anything, we're really watching it on the sales front where as Rich mentioned we are seeing a really nice uptick in emerging and acquired. So to the extent there is any perceptible change in growth rate on the E&A side, there's really not a trend to speak of. Again, as we look at the sales trend, we're very encouraged by the performance and the momentum there.
Richard J. Daly: As a follow up to that, we went from it being about 10% of our growth to – Jim, fine-tune if you need to – about 35% of growth now and we like the trend and we think the trend is going to continue, but it fits into not relying on market-based activity, okay. So I'm not here telling you, our dog ate the homework or something like that, but that we're going to control our destiny through creating product ourselves, and when the economics are there, the strategy is there and it meets that strong criteria we have, including the 20% IRR, to do that tuck-in acquisition.
Stephanie Davis: All right, thank you for taking my questions, guys.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: A question for you about the competitive landscape in the proxy world, I saw a couple of weeks ago that RR Donnelley extended their relationship with Mediant, and certainly RR Donnelley has a lot of scale. So how do you view the competitive landscape in that part of your business?
Richard J. Daly: Patrick, when you start something in an extra bedroom and it gets to be as big as what our communications business is, it's almost like protecting your children, you can never do enough. So on the one hand, my entire career, and nothing is going to change on that, I always remain in a state of healthy paranoia. Some people that work for me don't think it's all that healthy at times, but that's a matter of perspective. With that said, the communications business is a technology business, it's about taking digital to the next level. The scale of who can get paper into envelopes is from my point of view a relatively insignificant part of that business. There are so many things we do with over 10 million lines of code to make that process work, to make it compliant including SSAE 16s, including aligning with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, including being ISO-27001 capable from a cyber security certification point of view. I read about it. It appeared to me it being a relatively insignificant investment that was being made. Again, I'm not going to comment on a competitive strategy, we take competitors very, very seriously, but in order to successfully compete in this business, it has nothing to do with about getting paper in an envelope, which we're better at than anyone. It's about converting the 65% of that paper we did into a non-paper format. It's about providing voting results that enable activities like the DuPont election or the BofA elections within literally seconds of the polls closing for people that know exactly where their vote stands, and so it's going to be technology driven and going forward it's going to be digitally driven with things like Fluent and Inlet creating an experience for investors that's seamless into the other activities of their lives. So, I take competition seriously. Nothing is going to change based on who does what by putting paper in envelope. The future is going to be tied to digital and the future right now is who can protect customers' data better and no one protects customer data better than Broadridge.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it, appreciate that. And then a follow-up question from me on the GTO side of things, I guess given the market volatility spike that we saw during the quarter, I would have expected your equity trade revenue to be up maybe a little bit more. And conversely, I think we saw a really nice jump in your non-transaction other equity services revenue. What's going on there? Are you guys continuing to switch more people into non-transaction related contracts and that's kind of what we saw during the first quarter?
James M. Young: Patrick, this is Jim. On the trading side of things, obviously 8% was good growth on that side. As you know, we don't always track to other broader indices that you may follow. So given our historical trend, 8% was noteworthy. But keep in mind, we like this growth. As you know, we've transitioned more of our contracts to more fixed fee relationships. So we're moving some of the dependence on that trading volume, so a decent amount of growth. And on to your question about other equity services, there's a number of items going on. In particular, to give you a flavor, one of the things that Chris Perry and the team are doing are investing more resources against certain professional services engagements which both drive nice revenue growth at a higher margin, but also positions us more strategically with a lot of our clients. So we may be seeing some of that activity and that growth in other equity services.
Richard J. Daly: Patrick, I want to add one thing on top of that as well. When you're on a long-term journey to create sustainable value like we are, the way we reposition the business by moving more of the revenue to recurring as well as to take away the importance or to make less important the volatility up or down for our clients, this is really proving to be successful. And as much as I'd like a nice quarter's bump from anything, it's not going to matter in our ability to create long-term value and it's not going to change that ability up or down to create long-term value. So, where we position the business right now in terms of making the revenue and GTO more stable, as well as having very strong stability of the communications business, coupled with our focus on the long-term to drive more revenue through new products in the emerging and acquired area, is exactly where we want to be for the long-term. That's not to say that we could have – we would have at some point in time market activity that slightly downticks us, I'll always prefer to have it slightly uptick us, but in terms of our focus on commitment to create long-term sustainable value over any multiyear period, the way we positioned the business, although not perfect, puts us in a far better position to have a pretty straight journey path as long as we continue to execute to create that value sustainably over multiyear periods.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. As you heard in the first quarter here, it's business as usual at Broadridge. We are very excited where we are, we're very excited where we are versus the three-year guidance we provided you last December, we're very excited where we are as it relates to this year's guidance for fiscal 2016. We would really welcome the opportunity to meet with you on Monday, November 16 for an investor [indiscernible] at our 1 Park Avenue, New York City office. We will always welcome hearing your thoughts and comments and questions. At Broadridge, we really do feel good about where we are and where we are going. So it's pretty easy for us today to choose to have a great day. I hope you do the same. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Shipman - VP & Head, IR Rich Daly - President & CEO Jim Young - CFO
Analysts: Mike Landau - Evercore ISI Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners Stephanie Davis - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jenisha and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and FY '15 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Shipman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and FY '15 results. This morning I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust by now that everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentations that accompanied today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the investor relations page at Broadridge.com. During today's call we will discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are summarized on slide 2. We also encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on form 10K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our adjusted FY '15 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release and webcast presentation. Now, let's review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the fourth quarter and FY '15, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. So let me now turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide 4 with the key points we hope that you will take away from this call. To start, I am pleased with our performance for the fourth quarter and FY '15. Driven by recurring fee revenue momentum, mainly from net new business, the strong fourth quarter performance enabled Broadridge to achieve another record year highlighted by 10% growth and adjusted diluted EPS. Our FY '15 results and FY '16 guidance are consistent with the three-year objectives we presented at our latest Investor Day this past December. These three-year objectives include 7% to 10% recurring fee growth and 9% to 11% adjusted net earnings growth on a compounded annual growth rate basis. I am very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results which achieved another record year. The very strong recurring revenue closed sales results, coupled with our exceptional client revenue retention levels, highlight the value of that Broadridge is creating for our clients. The demand for our products and solutions remains strategically aligned with the growing importance of the key industry trends of mutualization, digitization and data and analytics. Growing the business organically remains core to our strategy and this strong performance is key to our future revenue growth. As part of our goal to achieve top-quartile total shareholder return over any multi-year period, we have stated that our priorities include a sound capital stewardship strategy, including a commitment to paying a meaningful dividend, the continuous reinvestment in the business through selective tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development, as well as the repurchase of our stock. During the fourth quarter we continued to execute on our capital allocation strategy by deploying $77 million to acquire the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters Lipper and we also repurchased $106 million of our stock, net of proceeds from option exercises. During FY '15 we deployed over $400 million of your cash on tuck-in acquisitions and the repurchase of our stock. It is the strength of our business model with its low capital intensity and high free cash flow generation that enables us to continue to pursue these types of compelling strategic opportunities. As we look ahead, our FY '16 guidance calls for an acceleration of recurring revenues which build on FY '15's strong sales performance and exceptional client revenue retention rates. Now let's move to slide 5 which covers the financial highlights of FY '15 and our FY '16 guidance. I am pleased with our FY '15 financial performance and how these results keep Broadridge on track to hit our three-year performance objectives as we move forward into FY '16 and beyond. Recurring fee revenues were up 6% and total revenues were up 5%. The revenue increases were driven by the contribution from net new business and our recent tuck-in acquisitions. Recurring revenue closed sales increased 15% to $146 million for the full year which represented another strong performance. Our exceptional client revenue retention rate of 97% is another proof point that we have one of the strongest brand names in the industry and our clients continue to place their trust in Broadridge which supports sustainable sales growth going forward. We're also well positioned to drive continued revenue growth with our strong backlog of recurring revenue closed sales being implemented. And with a strong pipeline, I remain very enthusiastic about Broadridge's ability to close new sales going forward. Our fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 21% to $1.40. For the full FY '15, adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 10% to $2.47. We continue to execute on our strategic tuck-in acquisition strategy which has successfully contributed to our growth. During the year we closed four tuck-in acquisitions with a total spend of just over $200 million. During today's call I will talk more about our most recent tuck-in acquisition, the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters Lipper. This transaction expands Broadridge's leading enterprise data and analytics solutions for mutual fund manufacturers, ETF issuers and fund administrators, adding new global data and research capabilities. Going forward our acquisition strategy remains unchanged. We will continue to target tuck-in acquisitions that complement existing Broadridge businesses and as always meet our criteria, including a clear strategic fit, a compelling growth profile, earnings accretion in about one year and a 20% IRR target. Our acquisition strategy has enabled us to increase revenues beyond our organic growth and create long-term value. I remain very pleased with the value we have created for our shareholders with our acquisition strategy. As we highlighted at Investor Day, we also plan to increase the levels of share repurchases. During FY '15 we repurchased $210 million of our stock, net of proceeds from option exercises. And in the fourth quarter, we repurchased $106 million of our stock, net of proceeds from option exercises. Additionally, this morning we announced that our Board increased our annual dividend by approximately 11% to $1.20 per share. We have now increased the dividend in eight consecutive years, representing an increase every year since we became a public company in 2007. Let's move on to FY '16 guidance. Our FY '16 guidance is consistent with the three-year performance objectives that we highlighted at our last Investor Day and includes the following, recurring revenue closed sales in the range of $120 million to $160 million; recurring fee revenue growth of 10% to 12%; total revenue growth of 8% to 10%; adjusted diluted EPS growth of 8% to 12%; and free cash flows in the range of $350 million to $400 million. I am confident that we can achieve these targets in FY '16 in the current market environment. I am very pleased with our sales and retention performance and our outlook for accelerated revenue growth. Over the course of my career, I have consistently chosen long-term revenue growth opportunities over short-term margin gains. We remain focused on the long term and we'll always pursue faster top-line growth when the opportunity is presented to us. Our outlook for FY '16 reflects that long-term philosophy. I remain confident that the revenue that we're adding in FY '16 has significant margin expansion potential in future years. Jim will further discuss our financial results and provide more detail on our FY '16 guidance in a few minutes. Let's move on to slide 6, where I will provide some more color around our recent tuck-in acquisition activities. The successful execution of tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development remains a core component of our growth strategy. The most recent transaction is another example of our strategy to target both assets that are complementary to existing Broadridge businesses and assets that we understand the execution risk to achieve our IRR goals. As I said, in June we completed the acquisition of the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters Lipper for about $77 million. Powered by Lipper data, this acquisition expands Broadridge's leading enterprise data and analytics solutions for mutual fund manufacturers, ETF issuers and fund administrators and adds new global data and research capabilities. When combined with our existing market intelligence and compliance solutions, we now provide a comprehensive view of fund flows across the globe, helping guide product development, marketing and distribution, as well as provide additional insights to fund boards of directors in support of their regulatory obligations. This new Broadridge solution will be offered through our investor communications segment. Let me extend a very warm welcome to the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters Lipper team, whose talents and expertise will make Broadridge an even more valuable business partner to the financial services industry. Let's move on to slide 7, where I will provide an update regarding some important business activities and regulatory developments. First, an update on mutualization. Broadridge's current and planned business solutions enable the financial services industry to address increasing regulatory pressures which are driving up costs and shrinking ROEs. Firms are reacting to these intense cost pressures and have a need for solutions to mutualize non-differentiating costs and capabilities. As I said at our most recent Investor Day, Broadridge is the proven leader in cost mutualization evolution and technology solutions for the financial services industry and this has been the case for over 50 years. There remains strong demand, as evidenced by our recent deal with Scottrade, where we're providing trade processing and investor communication services. The core GTO business has meaningful opportunities in front of it and we continue to have active dialogues with large financial services firms. Going forward, Broadridge is well positioned to play a meaningful role in the industry-wide utility discussions for both equity and fixed income processing. Utility-type dialogs have historically been long and, candidly, not very productive. Regardless of whether these efforts lead to a significant change in the industry's clearance and settlement business model, these discussions truly enable Broadridge to demonstrate its unique capabilities across a broader C-suite audience regarding the value that we would add to their firm and/or the overall industry. Next, digitization. As you already know, our investments in digital solutions have enabled increased investor engagement as well as reduced billions in postage costs for the industry. Broadridge will continue to lead with investments in this area and I am increasingly more optimistic about the digitization opportunities in front of Broadridge and the financial services industry. Going forward, we're building new industry solutions centered on two main themes. First, we're providing the underlying technology and services to enable financial services firms to create digital connections and relationships with their customers. Our research shows that for the typical full-service wealth firm, only one-fourth of their customers have signed up for their website with a username and password. And of those customers with a username and password, only one-half have elected e-delivery. This means there is an opportunity and need to create a digital relationship with the 80% to 85% of investors who still receive statements and other materials in the mail. We're executing against this opportunity to our Inlet joint venture which was formed last year and which is built on Broadridge's fluent platform. Second, we recognized the need to ensure that digital content is more engaging to the consumer. We have been building a new series of solutions in an effort to transform static one-way investor communications into interactive touch points within channels of the consumer's choice. By solving for consumer choice, we believe that we can help firms cross the chasm to create a better digital experience than many investors' current preference to receive paper documents. Being an industry leader in digital is one of the most important strategic initiatives for Broadridge. And the investments we're making should deliver real returns, given this truly transformative opportunity. Lastly, data and analytics. We have again expanded our data and analytics capabilities to internally developed and acquired solutions. Broadridge has unique data assets. For example, we have data on every beneficial equity position for every investor. This kind of data can add tremendous business intelligence for our clients. Additionally, we have added product and solutions through successful tuck-in acquisitions that further strengthen our relationships with mutual funds within the traditional investor communications business. For example, Access Data and Bonaire collectively grew by over 20% in FY '15. I talked earlier about our most recent tuck-in acquisition, the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters Lipper which provides compliance advisory and data-driven market intelligence services, expanding Broadridge's leading data and analytics solutions for mutual fund manufacturers, ETF issuers and fund administrators. Additionally, we have built a strong advisor solutions set through internally developed and acquired solutions, including Direxxis, Forefield and Emerald Connect which includes websites, real-time sales solutions, education solutions and client communication solutions for financial advisors. I remain enthusiastic about Broadridge's opportunities in data and analytics. Enabled by these key trends, we believe that there are multiple tasks to achieving our long-term objectives and to continue to generate top-quartile total shareholder return over any multi-year period. Next, our regulatory update. Recently the SEC proposed rules to require mutual funds to make new filings and to provide funds the option of mailing a notice of a fund reports availability on a website instead of mailing a complete report to those investors that have not enrolled in e-delivery. If this rule is adopted as proposed, we estimate that the economics to Broadridge would likely be neutral to slightly positive. As anyone who has followed Broadridge knows, we're very experienced at successfully implementing regulatory changes. Overall, we applaud the SEC's direction to enhance important mutual fund information. We continue to support, as we historically demonstrated, the advancement and utilization of technology in an effort to provide additional printing and postage cost savings efficiencies, while increasing investor engagement and participation levels. Broadridge will provide its comments to the SEC later this month, including that better savings and greater investor readership are available through digital communications and/or by implementing summary documents. Greater use of e-delivery and digital channels is occurring and requires no new rules. However, a summary report delivery option would require new rules. Additionally, we believe that this proposed rule as written would enhance the disclosures made by investment companies, with a couple of important caveats. First, the proposal does not provide any more electronic access than is currently available today. And second, if we use equity proxy notice and access as a benchmark and other empirical data as support, we would expect to see a drop in investor viewing of fund information under the proposed rule. As such, we believe that some modifications to the design of the proposed rule are needed. Again, we will be formally responding to the SEC's request for comment later this month. The rule-making is in a proposal stage and we would anticipate that it could take the SEC many months, possibly years, to finalize and adopt rules at the phase-in or effective dates for large and small firms. As always, we will implement effectively and efficiently whatever new policy the SEC ultimately determines to be best for U.S. investors and capital markets. Now with that, I will turn the call over to Jim, who will talk more about the financial results.
Jim Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before discussing slide 8 and the details of our results, I will begin with some call-outs. First, our Q4 and full-year performance, as a reminder, Q4 is seasonally our largest quarter of the fiscal year, accounting for approximately 55% of our full-year earnings, with proxy season falling in this period. In Q4 we delivered 7% recurring fee revenue growth and 5% total revenue growth, with healthy net new business additions and stock record position growth. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 21% to $1.40, as we comped an investment-heavy fourth quarter a year ago. Full-year adjusted diluted EPS grew 10% to $2.47 which was the midpoint of our original guidance range and consistent with the outlook we provided last quarter. Second, acquisitions, in the quarter we closed two transactions, the acquisition of the trade processing business of M&T Banks Wilmington Trust closed in April, as we discussed in our last earnings call. We also closed the acquisition of the fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit from Thomson Reuters in June for $77 million. This data solutions and market intelligence business is about a $20 million per year revenue business. Both acquisitions contributed very modestly to Q4 results. Overall, the four acquisitions completed in the fiscal year added less than 1 point of revenue growth and were slightly dilutive, less than $0.01, to adjusted diluted EPS for FY '15. I will add a bit more on their planned contribution to FY '16 when I cover our guidance. Third, other uses of cash, in addition to the $138 million in acquisitions in the quarter, we deployed $106 million, net of proceeds from options exercised, to repurchase approximately 2 million shares at an average price per share of $53.57. This brings our share repurchase, net of proceeds from options exercised, for the fiscal year to 4 million shares or approximately $210 million at an average price per share of $52.18. We began the fiscal year 119.5 million common shares outstanding and end FY '15 with 118.2 million common shares outstanding. Also, as Rich highlighted, our Board raised the annual dividend by 11%, from $1.08 per share from $1.20 per share. The implied payout ratio on FY '15's adjusted earnings is slightly better than the targeted 45% payout ratio we communicated a year ago. Finally, on the topic of uses of cash, the Board authorized additional shares available for our repurchase program, bringing the total to 10 million shares, consistent with our recent practice. This is largely an administrative item and does not represent a change in our approach to share repurchase. As has been our practice, we will continue to tell you about any share repurchase activity after the fact. Fourth, debt, as we've discussed, we believe a long-term leverage ratio, as defined by adjusted debt to EBITDAR of about 2 to 1, is an appropriate target, given our strong free cash flow, tuck-in acquisition plans, commitment to return excess capital to stockholders and commitment to maintaining our investment-grade rating. As of June 30 we had about $690 million of debt outstanding, including $165 million on our $750 million revolver. This level of debt equates to a debt to EBITDA ratio of about 1.2 times and to an adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio of about 1.7 times which accounts for leases. Fifth, foreign exchange, as discussed previously, FX movements accounted for a 1 percentage point drag on our revenue growth and earnings growth for both the quarter and the full year 2015. I will address FY '16 FX impacts when I cover our guidance. Sixth, we plan to modestly change our P&L presentation in FY '16. We will add an operating income measure and use this as a basis for margin discussions. More to follow on this in a few minutes. I will now turn to our results and then will conclude with an overview of our FY '16 guidance. Turning to slide 8 and our key financial drivers. Here you can see the components of our total revenue growth of 5% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Moving up to recurring fee revenue growth, we delivered a healthy 7% growth in the quarter. The largest component of this growth was net new business, accounting for 3 points. But both internal growth, with healthy position growth and the FY '15 acquisitions, contributed 2 points of growth each. As we move across to the full-year recurring fee revenue growth, we delivered 6% growth in recurring fee revenues which is in the middle of our original guidance range. It is important to note that our original guidance did not anticipate new acquisitions in FY '15, so we picked up an additional point of recurring fee revenue growth not contemplated in the full-year guidance. Otherwise, net new business came in a little lower than we expected due to delayed onboarding. Looking at the full-year total revenue growth, we benefited from notably higher event-driven activity. We originally expected that event-driven fee revenues would be flat to FY '14 levels. However, this revenue stream was up 11% to $173 million. Our full-year EBIT margin was 17.2% which represented an 80 basis point improvement over FY '14. Excluding the FY '15 acquisitions, the EBIT margin would have been about 17.4% for the year and would have been within our original guidance range. Our performance was, however, above the average annual margin improvement target of 60 basis points that we have communicated as part of our three-year objectives. Now turning to slide 9 and the performance of the segments, ICS executed another solid fourth quarter, where it earned nearly 40% of its revenues and 60%-plus of its earnings. In fiscal Q4, ICS posted 8% recurring fee revenue growth, fueled by strong net new business and also equity and mutual fund stock record growth of 6% and 7%, respectively. ICS recurring fee revenue growth was also boosted 3 points by the FY '15 acquisitions. Three of the four FY '15 acquisitions are reported in the investor communication solutions segment, Direxxis, Wilmington and the most recent, fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit from Thomson Reuters. In this important quarter, ICS also grew earnings before taxes 13% on the healthy recurring fee revenue growth and a nice uptick in event-driven revenue. For the full year, ICS grew recurring fee revenues 9%, where the largest contributor was net new business, with notable contributions from the emerging and acquired products, followed by internal growth. Total revenue grew 8%, as event driven-revenue was up 11%, driven by an elevated level of equity specials and contests. ICS met or exceeded the financial objectives we established at the beginning of the year after accounting for the FY '15 acquisitions. Moving down to GTO, GTO grew revenues 4% in the fiscal fourth quarter, with 3 points of that growth coming from net new business. Trade growth contributed modestly, with equity trades up 3% in the quarter and fixed income trades up 6%. Earnings before income taxes were up 87%, as we were comping a high level of investment spend in Q4 of FY '14. For the year, GTO revenues and earnings grew 2% and 1%, respectively. While the GTO business did meet the low end of our revenue growth objectives, it fell a little short of our earnings objectives after backing out the dilutive impact of the FXL acquisition. GTO experienced some delays in onboarding customers which drove most of the underperformance. But we also saw weaker trading levels than we had originally expected. As we take stock of the performance and the longer-term trajectory of the GTO business, we believe the onboarding shortfalls are timing and the revenue will be realized in subsequent periods. Further, GTO grew its closed recurring fee revenue sales by 19%, almost matching its record sales for a fiscal year. To provide more context for this performance, GTO contributed disproportionately more to Broadridge's 15% sales growth. So we assess the FY '15 financial performance in conjunction with the sales momentum and its strong performance over the past two years. Turning to page 10, I want to preview a modest change we plan to make in our income statement presentation beginning in Q1 of FY '16. We're introducing an operating income line in addition to the earnings before income tax line that we've always had. This operating income line will be before interest expense and income, other income or expense and earnings or losses from equity method investments. The goal is to conform more closely with the presentation of many of our peers and make it easier for you to understand our core operating performance. Further, adjusted operating income margin, where we exclude acquisition amortization and deal-related costs, will be the operative margin metric we guide to going forward. You will find preliminary views of this income statement presentation for FY '14 and FY '15 and by quarter for the last eight quarters in the appendix of the webcast. The segments will continue to be reported on an earnings before income tax basis. Now let's turn to our guidance on slide 11. As Rich noted, our guidance calls for an acceleration of recurring fee revenue growth from 6% in FY '15 to 10% to 12% in FY '16. Once again, net new business is expected to be the biggest contributor, with about half the growth coming from our previously closed sales and some from sales closed in the current fiscal year, offset by losses consistent with historical levels. Our FY '15 acquisitions are expected to contribute 3 points of recurring fee revenue growth. The balance of the growth is expected to come from internal growth, where we anticipate similar levels of position growth on the ICS side and lower trading levels, offset by other services on the GTO side. As we move down to total revenue growth, recurring fee growth is expected to drive the majority of the total revenue growth of 8% to 10% which is also comprised of event-driven fees and distribution revenues. Event-driven fees are planned to contract by $5 million to $10 million off of FY '15 levels, as we're planning for equity contests and specials to return to recent historical levels. Distribution revenues are expected to largely maintain the recent historical ratio to overall Broadridge fee revenues. Also, as noted on our last call, the Wilmington acquisition is expected to add more than $25 million in distribution revenues on a full-year basis. Rounding out total revenue growth, FX is projected to again be a drag on growth by about 1 percentage point which means the FX dollar amount shown in the segment reporting will be approaching double what it was in FY '15. Let's move down to adjusted operating income margin -- again, the new metric we're introducing. For perspective, our adjusted operating income margin in FY '15 was 18.5%. Our guidance for FY '16 is about 18.4% at the midpoint. The biggest driver of FY '16's margin being flat to down, is the acquisitions. While we anticipate that the acquisitions will be accretive on an adjusted basis in FY '16, they will be margin-dilutive for FY '16 by approximately 30 to 40 basis points, as we continue to invest in these businesses to achieve sales targets and product synergies. There are other discrete items impacting the margin a bit in FY '16 that we do not believe are indicative of the longer-term margin expansion profile. As for tax, we expect our tax rate to be around 34.8% for the full fiscal year. This brings us down to adjusted EPS growth, where we again are guiding to 8% to 12% growth, inclusive of 1 point of drag from FX. As Rich highlighted, this earnings guidance, coupled with our revenue outlook, is consistent with the objectives we laid out at Investor Day. With respect to free cash flow, we had another strong year in FY '15, with $365 million in free cash flow which included a $26 million tax refund from the Canadian revenue authority. Based on our low capital intensity model and similar levels of CapEx, we set a range of $350 million to $400 million of free cash flow for next year. Next, sales. We plan on new recurring fee revenue closed sales of $120 million to $160 million on the heels of a strong FY '15, with $146 million in recurring fee sales which was up 15% from FY '14. As you think about the phasing of our earnings over the course of the year, remember that earnings are heavily back-half weighted, with 75% or more falling in the second half. With that in mind, we anticipate our seasonally small Q1 adjusted EPS to be somewhere in the mid $0.20 per share range, recognizing that even levels of spend in investment over the year can sometimes distort the smaller quarter's results. Finishing up with the segments. ICS total revenue is expected to grow 10% to 12%, principally from net new business, but also from healthy contributions from internal growth and the three acquisitions in the segment. Again, event-driven fees are expected to be a drag on growth. The earnings before income tax margin for ICS is expected to expand only very modestly, to about 18.9% at the midpoint, with the impacts of the acquisitions magnified here. We expect GTO to improve its revenue growth to 4% to 6% as new sales are implemented and despite projected very weak trading volumes. Our margin guidance for GTO is for slight contraction to around 17.3% at the midpoint which accounts for a smaller contribution from high-margin trading revenue that will neutralize gains from the uptick in net new business profit. One final note on our guidance. Our guidance does not take into consideration the effect of any future acquisition, additional debt and/or share repurchases. We have assumed around 122 million diluted weighted-average shares for FY '16. In closing, we like the way we're positioned for FY '16 and beyond and look forward to updating you on our progress along the way. Now back to Rich.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 12 for my concluding remarks before we finally open it up to your questions. I am pleased with our performance for the fourth quarter and FY '15. Our strong financial performance was driven by recurring revenue momentum, mainly from net new business. As a result, Broadridge achieved another record year, highlighted by a 10% growth in adjusted diluted EPS. Our FY '16 guidance calls for the acceleration of recurring revenues which builds on FY '15's strong sales performance and exceptional client revenue retention rates. And our FY '15 results and FY '16 guidance keep us on the path towards achieving our three-year objectives that we presented at our latest Investor Day. These three-year objectives include 7% to 10% recurring fee growth and 9% to 11% adjusted net earnings growth on a compounded annual growth rate basis over the three-year period ending FY17. Recurring revenue closed sales results achieved another record year. The very strong recurring revenue closed sales, coupled with our exceptional client revenue retention rate of 97%, highlight the value that Broadridge is creating for our clients. The demand for our products and solutions remains strategically aligned with the growing importance of the key industry trends of mutualization, digitization and data and analytics. Growing the business organically remains core to our strategy and the strong recurring revenue closed sales and client revenue retention performance is key to our future revenue growth. As part of our goal to achieve top-quartile total shareholder return over any multi-year period, we have stated that our priorities include, a sound capital stewardship strategy, including a commitment to paying a meaningful dividend; the continuous investment in the business through selective tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development; and the repurchase of our stock. During FY '15, we deployed over $400 million of your cash on tuck-in acquisitions and the repurchase of our stock. As I look ahead to FY '16 and beyond, my confidence in Broadridge is as strong as ever. By any business standard, our investor communication business checks all the boxes that a CEO would look for, such as being recognized as a truly differentiated market leader, high recurring revenue growth, exceptional client revenue retention, low capital intensity and the ability to accelerate growth through tuck-in acquisitions and internally develop new product development. With an expanding product and solutions set, we remain well-positioned to enable the financial services industry to evolve effective shareholder communications with their clients to the next generation of secure digital communications. With the mutualization trends and the industry utility dialogues as an industry driver, I am confident on GTO's outlook as well. I want to echo some of Jim's comments about this business. As I look at the excellent performance we had in GTO in FY '14, I would have preferred to see that momentum continue through FY '15. Importantly, GTO grew its recurring revenue closed sales faster than Broadridge overall. Going forward, based on a robust and growing sales pipeline, GTO is expected to continue to be a strong contributor to Broadridge's recurring revenue closed sales performance. I remain confident GTO will continue to add to Broadridge's value creation capabilities over the long term. Our confidence in the business remains high, as evidenced by our FY '16 guidance which calls for accelerating revenues. And we plan to execute on the multiple opportunities in front of us to drive long-term performance to achieve the three-year plan we previously outlined to you. By executing against these opportunities, Broadridge expects to achieve our long-term performance objectives and maintain our trajectory to continue to provide top-quartile shareholder returns over any multi-year period. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to again personally acknowledge our highly engaged and talented associates. Our associates again enabled us to have record levels of client satisfaction. Our commitment to the service profit chain continues to prove that the most successful way to create long-term value is to have the most actively engaged and talented associates who consistently meet and exceed client expectations. I couldn't be more pleased with our associates' meaningful efforts and continued results and I am proud to be one of the 7400 plus worldwide associates of Broadridge. I will now turn the call over to Jenisha, the operator and we look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI.
Mike Landau: This is Mike Landau in for David. Could you comment on the amount of R&D investment spending executed in this quarter versus your internal plan? And how should we think about investment spending in FY '16 as far as quantifying the R&D spend and specific product focus?
Jim Young: Obviously we spent a lot of time talking about our discrete investment spending in FY '14. I think as we talked about in FY '15, we've got a big expense base of over $2 billion and are continuously investing in our business, so to make a specific call out on R&D just wouldn't be meaningful. And it's not how is it about managing every day the business because we've got various investments that range from resiliency in cyber security to new product development and data and analytics and the like. So there's no specific call out that I can give you other than to tell you that investment is a priority and we make plenty of room in our operating plans every year to continue to invest in the business.
Rich Daly: When Jim joined us, Jim looked at all the things that we do in Broadridge and helped me really get to the conclusion that doing call-outs of specific numbers, whether it be $20 million or $40 million, when we're spending over $400 million on technology a year. For example, this year we had investments that we made on things like cyber which differentiate us in the market, resiliency which again makes us the industry standard. We have the right level of investment in the business and one of the messages that we hope everyone takes away from this call is that we're having very strong growth. These investments we've made in the future are paying off, but we want to maintain the opportunity to grow. So I talked about a long-term philosophy of choosing top-line growth versus driving shorter-term views on margin growth and that ties into that investment philosophy as well. And so ideally I'd love to maintain the revenue growth, continue to invest in the business, but not have it be, except for dialogue or calling out exceptions, but just make it growing momentum across Broadridge, of investing in the business to create a more differentiated environment and an environment that we can continue to grow at the rate we're planning for 2016.
Jim Young: Michael, just one more thought on that as well. As you think about R&D, the way we approach new product development also includes tuck-in acquisitions. So if you look beyond the P&L and the overall cash flow statement, we deployed over $200 million on tuck-in acquisitions. Obviously there's further investment on top of that as we achieve those synergies and build out the business case for that. So it's important to look at it all-in. When we think about the overall level of investment, it's pretty significant, whether it's specific with tuck-in acquisitions or just normal everyday investment-type spend.
Mike Landau: And then as a quick follow up, can you update us on the progress and pipeline of potential new customer wins abroad?
Rich Daly: Okay. We all are pleased with the pipeline worldwide. I'm not going to provide this with digital accuracy right now. But my sense is certainly what I stated in the call about our confidence in the growing pipeline, including very detailed updates that I am participating in, we feel very, very good about. My sense is that I can't tell you specifically with digital accuracy that it's this percentage of growth internationally versus this percentage of growth here, that overall the pipeline is growing across the globe. And the recognition of our brand, we believe and are pleased, is growing equally across the globe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat if Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: I had one question on uses of cash and acquisitions here. I know you can't really guide to it, but would it be reasonable to expect a similar level of acquisitions in FY '16? And can you comment a little bit about what you see as opportunities to acquire? Is it the similar environment we've seen? Or has anything changed with expectations for potentially acquired companies and valuations?
Rich Daly: Sure. As we've always talked about, acquisitions does have the same predictability that you would have when you're putting together an operating plan to run the business. We laid out on Investor Day and overall target, one, recognizing that we had opportunities to use cash and that by taking our debt to EBITDA ratio up over the three years; we had about $1.2 billion that we could look at deploying out there. The fact that we did round numbers, one-third of that between tuck-in acquisitions this year, is purely a remarkable coincidence. So we would like to be deploying at about the same level we did this year, but the acquisition piece just doesn't have that predictability in terms of when deals fall, what the size of the deal or whether they will happen and/or not. As I've always said, we're not going to deviate from the criteria for the sake of doing a deal. We're pleased with what we executed this year. If we had a similar year next year, I would be very pleased by that. But it's not the same as talking about a sales target or talking about an earnings target. So I really can't tell you that with any degree of confidence, that you should expect the same acquisition number next year. I will tell you we have a desire to look for the type of transactions we've done. If we did more next year, I would be happier. Okay? I will tell you that I think the market for us has remained relatively consistent because we're not looking at the mega-deals; we're looking at things that are worth more under our umbrella. So our ability to close it at a price that is acceptable to the seller as well as a price that's attractive to us, because we believe under our umbrella it's going to be worth more, because it gets better brand recognition, we leverage or sales distribution channel and the deals that we've done all are great examples of that. We think that's given us a more stable pricing. We will not look to things that don't meet our strategic criteria. If we were, I would say probably the market is getting a little pricier out there. But those are not the deals we look at. Similar to what a private equity firm would look at or others who don't look to leverage a set of expertise. So I would like it to be more the same. We have the intent to execute across the three-year goals. Based on the success we had this year, we're confident that we're on a good path to execute across those three-year goals. But the acquisition part of those three-year goals could be slightly higher than what we overall desire, slightly less, because it's just not something that one has a digital accuracy on.
Chris Donat: And then on the debt to EBITDAR, it looks like is ticking up of a tenth of a turn, a quarter number. Is that a fair way to think about it increasing or creeping up over the next few quarters to get to that 2.1 adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio? Not jumping up, but working its way up slowly? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Jim Young: Yes, Chris, it's been moving up in that direction. Remember, the things that are going to drive that are going to be some of the acquisition activity and if we engage in more share repurchase that's going to drive that up. Obviously, from a free cash flow standpoint, the business generates a lot of free cash flow. So it's going to take some of these more significant deployments of cash to drive that up. We will monitor that and as you know, that's a trailing measure. So also the EBITDAR metric itself is going to continue to increase as well which will be a bit of an offset. I would expect, as I think about your question, Chris, that it could be a little bit lumpier as we deploy cash against various opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Jim, trying to confirm, from the four deals we're looking for somewhere around $100 million, maybe a little bit more than $100 million in annual revenue, with about $25 million being passed through. Is that approximately right?
Jim Young: Yes, that's a pretty good estimate, Pete.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. And then, I'm sorry if you said it, I may have missed it, guidance for weighted average shares for FY '16, did you mention that? Do you expect shares to fall? Or are you expecting, for your guidance purposes, are you expecting a flat share count?
Jim Young: We did. Pete, I mentioned about down to about 122 million weighted average diluted shares was what we've assumed.
Peter Heckmann: And then, Rich, could you comment on some of the scrutiny on mutual fund fees, distribution fees, that the SEC is looking at? Does that have the potential to impact any of your businesses in fund distribution? Or are there opportunities from the standpoint of increased disclosure or other reasons?
Rich Daly: Pete, I am not aware, related to what we do and what our clients engage us to be their agent for, of any dialogues around fees. Because that was all part of the PFAC activities that concluded with registrants, including mutual funds, saying we like what Broadridge does, we want them to keep doing it, we want them to keep deploying technology to make the process more efficient. Our comments on the SEC on what is, in essence, a disclosure proposal about increasing disclosure of fund activities, there's only about 30 pages out of, I think it's 400 or 500 pages that are related to notice and access activity. That is not talking about the distribution fees in any way, shape or form. So I really don't believe that's a topic on the table. As I said, as it relates to the recent proposal regarding increasing disclosure, there is a piece in there about notice and access. There's a lot of good data that we think we can share with the SEC. If the intent is to try to make the process more cost effective for registrants and investors alike, with technology and even summary documents, we think that there is a better way to save substantially more money, as well as not lose eyeballs but increase eyeballs viewing of documents which we believe that is very aligned with what the SEC's and the Commissioner and Chair's overall goals.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Yes, I was looking specifically at the scrutiny on 12b-1 fees to compensate broker-dealers for record keeping. I had thought that there was a business unit required Matrix or another that would generate a portion of the revenue stream from 12b-1 fees.
Rich Daly: What Matrix gets it is paid on basis points. All right? And it's a relatively low number. It really does versus other retirement or K options, really enable the underlying beneficial owner to have a much more lower cost of investing. I do believe that the dialogues that are going on actually will drive more people to a Matrix efficiency model versus some of the higher fee-cost models out there. So I regularly talk with clients about the need to look at Matrix versus some higher fee-cost products that are out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis of JPMorgan.
Stephanie Davis: I noticed that you guys saw a year-over-year decline in recurring revenue closed sales for the quarter. How much of that was delays versus a need to replenish the pipeline, given stronger large sales in the past two quarters? If you'd give us some color on how pipeline looks for 2016.
Rich Daly: Sure. So Stephanie, I will tell you that I and my cardiologist are extraordinarily pleased the way sales flowed this year. We've had some remarkable June -- fourth quarters from your point of view and from my point of view Junes and even last days in June in the past. So when we talked a couple of years ago about investing in the sales process, about bringing in very, very strong industry leadership, like Chris Perry, this is where we were hoping to get to. Now, that doesn't mean that sales are not going to be lumpy going forward and you really -- it's just not the nature of what we do, like a retailer where we can tell you based on last year what this year should be. I am very pleased at the $146 million recurring revenue total. I am very pleased at the way it flowed more naturally over the year. I can't guarantee that will continue. But if it did, I for one would be very, very happy. We're certainly looking to do everything we can to not have the fourth quarter rush that we've historically had every year since we have been a public company, with the exception of last year, obviously. You mentioned pipeline.
Stephanie Davis: Yes.
Rich Daly: Okay. As I said in the call, our confidence feels very, very good, including a growing pipeline. And not only that, but our process management around that pipeline is also, under the new leadership, is stronger than it's ever been.
Stephanie Davis: Consulting revenue model, it's working?
Rich Daly: Consultative sales, yes.
Stephanie Davis: Yes. All right, and then one other question.
Rich Daly: And Stephanie, we continue to invest in that.
Stephanie Davis: Good, good to hear. On the mutual fund side, I saw a little bit of a downtick versus my model levels, in recurring and event-driven. Is there any read-through from that and what's happening in the mutual fund space? Or is that coincidence?
Rich Daly: Mutual fund growth for us has been one of the strongest activities we've had. Although we always monitor these, the market itself, as you know, given your firm and the industry you follow, the market can have heating up and cooling off periods. It's far less noticeable in fund activity which throughout the financial crisis, positions continued to grow for us. As we go further into a world of from defined benefit to defined contribution and where more and more people need to plan for their future and not rely on others, funds still seems to be the vehicle of choice. So and that's why we make the investments that we're making in the mutual fund area overall, including our acquisition of the Wilmington piece for Matrix. So we feel overall very good about fund activity and about fund growth. We're right now are not reading anything into this as being systemic or for that matter, even that cyclical worth noting.
Stephanie Davis: Okay, good to hear. And moving on to that part about M&A, could you walk us through quickly how recent M&A has ramped and what's coming in ahead of or below plan?
Jim Young: The acquisitions completed, Stephanie?
Stephanie Davis: Yes.
Jim Young: Obviously we're very pleased with the way the portfolio is performing. You remember the last four came in basically January 1 on, so I would say everything is on plan, two of which closed in the fourth quarter. So it's too early to declare victory, although we're pleased with the pace of integration. Broadridge has developed a pretty good muscle in terms of how to bring these things on board and that's no small feat. It's hard to do. But I would say entering next year, we feel good with how we set up the operating plan relative to the business cases that we set out for these companies. But it's still early days for each of those new four acquisitions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rich Daly for closing remarks.
Rich Daly: Thank you. First of all, I want to thank everybody for their participation today. We know that this was a rather lengthy script that we shared with you. We didn't do it cavalierly. There was an awful lot of information going on about the strong activity that we had last year, the acquisitions, the strong revenue growth, lots of industry activities. And we want to be in a position by sharing that with you on the call, whether it be in the upcoming investor launch or as Jim, Brian and I go on the road to meet with Key investors, we're fully in the position in the full spirit of FD to be able to discuss our strategy, discuss these opportunities and truly share our enthusiasm about where we're and where we think Broadridge can go as we go forward. So with that, I hope to see many of you at the investor lunch on Tuesday, August 11 in New York City. Choose to have a great day. Looking out the window it's probably not going to be that tough to do. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. fourth quarter and FY '15 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard J. Daly - CEO, President and Director James M. Young - CFO and Corporate VP Brian S. Shipman - VP, Head of IR
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore ISI Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners LLC George Mihalos - Credit Suisse Christopher Donat - Sandler O Neill & Partners, L.P. Stephanie Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good morning, my name is Janisha, and I’ll be your conference facilitator. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference call. I’d like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers’ remarks. [Operator Instructions] I’d now turn the conference over to Brian Shipman, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian S. Shipman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter 2015 results. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust by now that everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are summarized on Slide 2. We also encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2015 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition, amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 3 and review today's agenda. First, Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the third quarter 2015, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Next, Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Finally, Rich will provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. So without further delay, let me now turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Good morning, everyone. Thanks Brian and welcome to the team. Brian is new to Broadridge joining us from Gartner. He spent four years as the Head of Investor Relations. Prior to Gartner, Brian was a sell side analyst for 14 years at Jefferies, UBS and Robertson Stephens. I’m excited to have someone of Brian’s caliber lead our Investor Relations effort. I’d also like to thank David Ng for his efforts and contributions and various investor relations roles over the years. Let's begin on Slide 4 with the key points we hope that you will take away from this call. To start, I am pleased with our financial performance in the third fiscal quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Our performance was led by recurring revenues, primarily growth from net new business, which has continued to provide momentum. I’m very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results, which built upon the strong first half start and continued through the third quarter. Growing the business organically remains core to our strategy and this strong performance is key to our future revenue growth. Seeing sustained demand for our products and solutions that are strategically aligned with the growing importance of the key industry trends of mutualization, digitization, and data and analytics gives me continuing confidence that we will achieve our three-year plan. As part of our goal to achieve top quartile, total shareholder returns over any multiyear period, we’ve stated that our priorities include a sound capital stewardship strategy, including a commitment to paying a meaningful dividend, the continuous reinvestment in the business through selective tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development, as well as the repurchase of our stock. In the third quarter, we executed on our capital allocation strategy by deploying $34 million on the Direxxis acquisition and we also repurchased $109 million of our stock. I’m particularly excited about our tuck-in acquisitions, which are accelerating our growth and creating long-term value for our stockholders. Going forward, you can expect that we will continue to focus on executing acquisitions that strategically fit and expand our product and solutions portfolio. In a few minutes, I will talk more about the recent Wilmington Trust Retirement and Institutional Services unit and Direxxis acquisitions, and how well they fit within Broadridge. Given our year-to-date performance, including a very strong sales results I am confident we will end the year with solid revenue momentum. We are also on track to achieve our guidance for the full fiscal year, which I'll discuss further on the next slide. So let's move to Slide 5, which covers the financial highlights for our fiscal third quarter. To reiterate, I am pleased with our third quarter financial performance and how these results keep Broadridge on track to hit our three-year performance objectives. Recurring fee revenues were up 5%, mainly from the contribution from net new business and enhanced by higher internal growth. Internal growth was driven by continued position growth in both equities and mutual fund interim communications. Total revenues were also up 5% with higher event-driven and distribution revenues. In the third quarter, our adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.47, which represents an increase of 7%. Year-to-date our adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.09 compared to $1.08 a year-ago, a modest increase from last fiscal year. Our full-year guidance had anticipated this quarterly phasing [ph], especially given the unusually strong start in fiscal year 2014. As we highlighted at Investor Day, we plan to increase the levels of share repurchases. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $109 million worth of our stock at an average price of $52.90 net of proceeds from option exercises. Finally, given the strong year-to-date performance driven by recurring revenue momentum, we are reaffirming our guidance of adjusted diluted EPS of $2.42 to $2.52, and we anticipate adjusted diluted EPS to be around the midpoint of our guidance range, representing about 10% growth for the full fiscal year. We continue to expect recurring fee revenue growth of 5% to 7% and total revenue growth of 4% to 6%. We also expect recurring revenue closed sales to hit the upper half of our $110 million to $150 million range, which would result in another record year. Turning to Slide 6, I want to underscore again that I am very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales performance, which has been very strong year-to-date. For the quarter, recurring revenue closed sales of $27 million were up 14%. Year-to-date, recurring revenue closed sales were $108 million, and increased 75% over the prior year and remains at record levels. Our clients continued trust in the Broadridge brand, supports sustainable sales growth going forward. Our exceptional client revenue retention rate of 97% is another proof point that we have one of the most trusted brand names in the industry. With a strong pipeline, I remain very enthusiastic about Broadridge’s ability to close new sales and we are also well positioned to drive continued revenue growth with our strong backlog of recurring revenue closed sales currently being implemented. Let's move on to Slide 7, were I will provide some color around our recent tuck-in acquisitions. The successful execution of tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development remains a core component of our growth strategy. Broadridge continues to live by very disciplined acquisitions standards. Any deal we announce has cleared a rigorous strategic review process and a disciplined financial analysis. We set a 20% IRR hurdle rate. We target EPS accretion in about one-year, accelerated organic growth and a healthy margin contribution. The most recent transactions fit our tuck-in acquisition strategy to target both assets that are complimentary to existing Broadridge businesses and assets that we understand the execution risk to achieve our internal rate of return goals. After the close of the third quarter in April 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of the trade processing business of the Wilmington Trust Retirement and Institutional Services unit of M&T Bank Corporation for about $61 million. To reinforce a couple of important points I discussed on last quarter's earnings call, this acquisition adds additional scale to our successful industry-leading Matrix platform, bringing about 35 new TPA relationships and adding approximately $50 billion of assets under administration or AUA. The combined Matrix entity now has approximately $300 billion of AUA, up from about $125 billion of AUA in fiscal year 2011 when we entered this market with the acquisition of Matrix. The acquisition will expand Broadridge’s suite of solutions for the growing qualified and non-qualified plan services market and the support it provides for third-party administrators, financial advisors, record keepers and banks. This acquisition further scales the power of Matrix’s open-architecture platform, and adds to Broadridge’s overall retirement offering which includes advanced retirement communications capabilities, advisor support and data analytics. It's great to add Wilmington Trust trade processing business and their highly skilled associates to the Broadridge team. During the fiscal third quarter in March, we acquired Direxxis for about $33 million. Direxxis is a well-known provider of cloud-based marketing solutions for wealth and asset managers. Direxxis build an innovative marketing management and automation platform, which enables wealth and asset management companies and insurers to manage and implement marketing activities efficiently across field offices and branch locations using consistent standards. The Direxxis platform provides unique analytic capabilities designed to increase marketing and sales effectiveness and has advanced social media tools and a modular architecture. The addition of Direxxis is the latest advancement in Broadridge’s strategy to build market leading solutions for financial advisors and expands upon our evolving and growing set of advisor facing product solutions, which already include Forefield and Emerald Connect. The advisor market as a whole is a natural extension of the communications business, which specializes in regulatory and customer communications for brokers and corporate issuers, as well as data driven solutions for mutual fund and retirement providers. This new Broadridge solution will be offered to our Investor Communication segment. Let me extend a very warm welcome to the Direxxis team whose talents and expertise will make Broadridge an even more valuable business partner to the financial services industry. We are truly excited about this new relationship and are delighted to welcome Direxxis’s highly skilled management team and associates to Broadridge. The integration efforts for both of these acquisitions are moving along as planned. Both acquisitions meet our criteria and we are excited by the prospects. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim, who will talk more about the financial results.
James M. Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before moving to Slide 8 and the details of our results, I’ll begin with some callouts. First, our Q3 performance. With recurring revenue growth of 5% for both the quarter and year-to-date, we are performing consistent with our guidance and expectations, which anticipated the tougher comparables in the first part of the year. Similarly, adjusted earnings per share growth of 7% and 1% in the third quarter and year-to-date respectively, reflects the unusually high level of earnings in the first half of fiscal year 2014 relative to our historical quarterly distribution. With our highest earnings and highest margin quarter of the fiscal year yet to come, we remain on track to deliver our full-year earnings per share guidance. Second, acquisitions. We’ve now closed three acquisitions this fiscal year, TwoFour, Direxxis and Wilmington for an aggregate investment of about $125 million. As mentioned previously, TwoFour is about a $10 million a year revenue business. Direxxis is a $15 million plus a year revenue business and Wilmington is a $50 million plus a year revenue business where about half this revenue will be recorded as recurring fee revenue and the other half will be recorded as distribution revenue. The distribution revenue similar to Matrix is primarily our client’s portion of shareholder servicing and 12b-1 fees and as such has no profit contribution. For FY15, these acquisitions will be dilutive to adjusted EPS by about $0.01. In FY16, we expect these acquisitions to be modestly accretive in the aggregate. Third, share repurchases. We repurchased a total of 2.4 million shares in Q3 at an average price of $52.90 representing $129 million. As Rich highlighted, $109 million of the $129 million was net of proceeds from the exercise of options. Again, this activity was consistent with the capital stewardship priorities articulated at our Investor Day. We expect to continue to both invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. With respect to returning cash via share repurchase, we will communicate any activity after the fact. Fourth, debt. We ended the quarter with an additional $105 million in debt. This debt is financed with our $750 million revolving credit facility with a current variable interest rate between 1% and 2%. As we’ve discussed previously, we’re targeting a longer term adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2x. Subject to a number of factors, we may refinance our revolver balance to a longer term instrument at some point in the future. Fifth, foreign exchange. As highlighted on our last call, FX continues to impact growth on both the top and bottom line. The FX drag on revenue growth was about a point for the third quarter and year-to-date. And again, we anticipate greater than a point of drag for the full-year. As it relates to adjusted EPS, EPS growth for the quarter and year-to-date were impacted by two point and one point respectively. For the full-year, we expect about a one point drag on adjusted EPS growth. And finally, full-year guidance. As Rich mentioned, in reaffirming our guidance, we expect adjusted EPS to be around the midpoint of our $2.42 to $2.52 per share guidance range for the full-year. This represents approximately 10% growth and corresponds to adjusted earnings before taxes growth of 12%. I'd like to highlight a few unplanned items that are having an impact on our 2015 results. FX will reduce adjusted EPS by about $0.04. Elevated commissions from what we’re anticipating will be a record sales year, come at a cost of about $0.02 and the acquisitions after accounting for purchase amortization and deal costs are another penny of dilution. On the other side of the ledger, our Q3 share repurchases should add about a penny for the year. So while there are always ins and outs in any given year, and we still have about 50% of our full-year earnings to come in the fourth quarter, these four items create an approximate net $0.06 unplanned headwind to adjusted EPS for the full year 2015. Now focusing on Slide 8, and starting at the top. This page shows the drivers or components of over 5% recurring and total revenue growth for the quarter. Again, recurring revenue closed sales is the dominant contributor to our growth with five points of growth as sales ramp and we onboard new business. Client losses of three points eat [ph] into this contribution and reflect a combination of losses contemplated in the beginning of the year and a bit of client turnover. Internal growth added another point as we saw continued strength in equity stock record and mutual fund positions, which grew at 12% and 8% respectively, and healthy post sale activity. Please remember that previous quarter stock record position growth rates are not necessarily indicative of the growth rate for the fourth quarter proxy season. On the global technology and operation side, trade volumes contributed very modestly with equity trades coming in flat to last year's Q3 and fixed income trades up 6%. Acquisitions accounted for two points of recurring revenue growth as we had a partial quarter of Emerald, which anniversaried in February and a full quarter of TwoFour, which closed on December 31, and a partial quarter of Direxxis which closed in early March. Moving down to total revenue growth, recurring fee growth accounted for three points of the 5% revenue growth. Event-driven revenue contributed two points of revenue growth and was up 25% year-over-year and up 12% year-to-date. All in, we are on track to deliver a revenue growth guidance of 5% to 7% for recurring revenue and 4% to 6% for total revenue. Finally, our EBIT margin was about 14% as we hit the higher margin second half of the year. As we discussed in previous calls, SG&A growth indeed slowed. These expenses contracted by 4% and are now up 12% year-to-date as a few one-time items are now behind us, and we begin to lap investments made in the back half of FY14. Now turning to Slide 9 and the performance of the segments. Investor Communication Solutions, or ICS, continued to perform well with 6% recurring fee growth driven by equal contributions from net new business, internal growth, and acquisitions. Internal growth contributed two points with a healthy position growth in both stock records and mutual funds, and also good post sale activity. Also the Emerald and Direxxis acquisitions, which are recorded in the ICS segment, contributed a couple of points of revenue growth. As a reminder, the trade processing business of Wilmington Trust will be combined with our Matrix business, which is in the ICS segment and will begin to show up in our financial results in our fiscal fourth quarter. ICS’s total revenue grew 7% in the quarter as we saw good beneficial mutual fund proxy activity, which drove most of the 25% growth in event-driven revenue. ICS’s EBIT grew 10% for the third quarter and 15% year-to-date with healthy contributions from a variety of products and with continued investments in the business. Global technology and operations, or GTO, revenues grew 3% as net new business contributed two points and the TwoFour acquisition contributed another point of growth. With trading volume growth modest, internal growth of the quarter was neutral to the businesses overall revenue growth. GTO continues to deliver solid sales results and is on pace for a record sales year where the benefits of these sales will accrue to fiscal year 2016 and beyond. EBIT contracted 7% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date on very tough comparables. As a reminder, GTO’s EBIT a year-ago at this time was up 83% year-to-date. That said, we expect GTO EBIT to grow for the full-year and contribute to Broadridge’s overall growth. I'm now on Slide 10. This page shows our current outlook which remains unchanged. Again, we expect adjusted EPS to be around the midpoint of the $2.42 to $2.52 range and we expect to be in the top half of the recurring revenue closed sales range of $110 million to $150 million. In closing, we are on track to deliver our full-year guidance. As Rich said, we are committed to our long-term financial objectives, which target over the next three years through fiscal year 2017 on a compounded annual growth rate basis, recurring revenue growth of 7% to 10%, total revenue growth of 5% to 7%, and earnings growth of 9% 11%. We are busy developing our operating plan for next year and look forward to updating you on our outlook for fiscal year 2016 on our fourth quarter call in August. Now I'll turn the call back over to Rich.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide 11 for my concluding remarks before we open up the call to your questions. I'm pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date financial performance, which was primarily driven by recurring revenues, including net new business gains and the continuation of favorable market-based activities. Recurring revenue closed sales remain at record levels, increasing 14% to $27 million in the third quarter and increasing 75% to $108 million on a year-to-date basis. Given the strong year-to-date performance, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance with $108 million in sales year-to-date. We expect sales to come in at the upper half of our guidance range of $110 million to $150 million, which would be another record. We also expect recurring fee revenue growth of 5% to 7% and total revenue growth of 4% to 6%. Finally, we anticipate adjusted diluted EPS to be around the midpoint of our guidance range which calls for $2.42 to $2.52 per share for the full-year. I am very confident that Broadridge will continue to leverage its equities and unique positioning to introduce and develop the next generation of product solutions to further strengthen our existing client relationships and expand into new opportunities in the years ahead. Changes in the regulatory environment have created intense cost pressures, which have challenged firms ROEs and are driving the need for mutualization of non-differentiating costs and capabilities. Broadridge’s solutions, such as trade and back office processing, including APTP our position to address these needs. Broadridge has the opportunity to reduce print communications and create new more efficient content channels that will allow financial firms to improve communications with their customers creating a win for both our clients and for Broadridge. I remain enthusiastic about our digital strategy, which has already taken out over 60% of the paper around domestic proxy communications and where we together with our clients have saved the industry about $1.5 billion annually. Our emerging digital solution like Fluent and Inlet, provide Broadridge with an opportunity to continue to lead in this area. Lastly, we believe there is significant opportunity for us in the area of data and analytics. By its very nature, Broadridge has unique data assets like our data on every beneficial equity position for every investor that can add tremendous business intelligence for our clients. Broadridge’s Access Data and Shareholder Data Services are two examples of how our solutions are focused on this opportunity working with our clients. The financial services industry continues to evolve driven by these secular trends of mutualization, digitization, and data and analytics. The Broadridge business model has also evolved from being an entity that simply relied on market-driven transactional volumes to one that is now highly resilient with a balanced portfolio and a reduced reliance on market factors. Enabled by these key trends, we believe that there are multiple paths to achieving our long-term objectives. By executing against these opportunities, we will enable Broadridge to achieve our long-term performance objectives and maintain our trajectory to continue to provide top quartile shareholder returns over any multi-year period. Our business model builds off of a strong and growing base of recurring revenues creating a high-level of predictability. Since we held Investor Day in December, our message has not changed. Broadridge remains committed to delivering top quartile stockholder returns over any multi-year period and we are on track to do just that against our current three-year performance objectives. We believe that strong sales performance, a successful tuck-in acquisition strategy, and returning capital to stockholders will enable us to continue to achieve our three-year performance objectives and continue to generate sustainable top quartile stockholder returns over any multi-year period. We were off to a great start towards achieving our three-year performance objectives, which include recurring fee growth of 7% to 10%, and earnings growth of 9% 11%. Our focus now is on a strong finish to fiscal year 2015 and planning for another solid year’s performance in fiscal 2016. Finally, I’d like to take this opportunity to again personally acknowledge our highly engaged talented associates. Their day-to-day drive and long-term commitment are the foundation of Broadridge’s culture and I remain extremely grateful for all of their efforts. I'll now turn the call over to Janisha, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Rich, and Jim.
Richard J. Daly: Good morning, David.
James M. Young: Hi, Dave.
David Togut: Good to see the 14% growth in recurring revenue closed sales in the quarter. My question Rich is, you outlined the three broad drivers of demand, but could you perhaps get a little bit more granular in talking about what drove the booking strength in Q3?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So Dave, what I really do love about this trend of mutualization is that this is what we’ve been doing forever. I'm not talking about just as Broadridge, and I’m not talking about when I sold my communications business ADP back in ’89. I’m talking about when Henry Taub founded the business in 1961, the Brokerage Group, not the Payroll business. And so, this unnatural extension in terms of all the products we have in fitting into that mutualization category. So I’d put that into the bulk of it. Now with that said, mutualization also applies to the communication space and we continue to have wins in that space where it’s just more efficient to outsource that. And we continued to add data and analytics capabilities and something -- a good example is our Bonaire acquisition. It’s something whereby that gave us both data and analytic capabilities, okay, as well as mutualization capabilities, it’s tied specifically to expense management, but its really slick rules based engine. So, Dave as you and I have talked about its not when you look back and you say, well this is a hot product or that’s a hot product. We have hot trends and a number of products a large, good effective number of products that fit into the hot trends. But in virtually every case, we’re enabling the client to outsource a non-differentiating function and in some cases giving them differentiation beyond what they already had. And in old cases giving them a lower cost and most importantly far better functionality with all of our data security capabilities which the industry continues to view as a benchmark whether it be for a vendor or an internal standard. So all in all it’s the products that moving in the right direction and one last thing Dave, that’s why adding this tuck-ins to take advantage of that overall brand halo the distribution channel and the trends, and getting these products to all level of industrial strength and data security also gives us momentum and confidence in these tuck-ins.
David Togut: Thank you, that’s helpful. Just shifting over to R&D, for the last couple of years Rich you’ve been highlighting a step up in R&D as you’ve seen a number of opportunities to accelerate investments in internal programs. Where you stand with R&D for the year? And how should we think about R&D beyond this year just quantifying investments?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. And Dave, we had an unusual year last year as you know, a very unusually successful year. And beyond beating guidance and adjusting guidance up, we also ramped up internal development. And when Jim joined us, we sat down and we said, we’re really where we should be. So given that we’re comfortable where we are, I’d say that we’re executing the year, and there’s always gives and takes, all right. And there’s always something that are not exactly what you anticipated at the beginning of the year. But all in all I’m very comfortable with the level of investment we have and that level of investment enabling us to drive to the three year objectives that we laid out. One simple example of we planned on more cyber capabilities this year and I’m sure when we’re done adding up everything for the year we’re probably going to have spent a little more than that we even planned on. Ultimately I view that as part of being in business. But I also I’m ecstatic that the things we’re doing and investing in the business whether it be product, resiliency or capabilities are all things that are further differentiating Broadridge to enable us both to retain the clients we have as well as attract new clients, because we really are a very safe place to do business with from a functionality, reliability, resiliency and security point of view.
David Togut: Thanks. Just a quick final question, on the balance sheet you highlighted that investor day an interest in lifting leverage, being more opportunistic on acquisitions and you’ve certainly done that in the last couple of months. Should we continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions or are you thinking about doing something larger in scale?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, Dave we’re six months about past investor day and I’d say we’re right on the line of everything we laid out, right down the middle of the fairway. So, I feel good about where we are. I have talked about this many times. Tuck-ins are things that we can generally get our hands around. Tuck-ins are things that we can dive into, we can integrate more easily. And so, again I’ll never say never to a larger transaction. I still can't think of one that I think that the risk is something that I would be comfortable with at this point in time or that the fit is completely comfortable. So, given the success we’ve had with tuck-ins, you should believe that it’s the success we’ve had that more than likely will drive us to stay on that same path and we certainly feel good about the transactions we announced in this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann.
Peter Heckmann: Good morning, gentlemen.
Richard J. Daly: Hi, Pete.
Peter Heckmann: Hi. Jim, could you give me the shares outstanding at the end of the period. I’m not sure if just the weighted average that SKUs, it looks like shares increased sequentially despite a pretty significant buyback?
James M. Young: Yes, so it’s a $125 million weighted average diluted at the end of the period and what you’re observing is, some activity of exercise of options that happened in the December quarter as well as in the March quarter and then think about the share repurchase coming later in our third quarter. So, the waiting isn’t really showing up yet, which show up more in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Peter Heckmann: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, can you comment on event driven bookings. It looks like for the first half, event driven bookings were up about 45%, good quarter for event driven revenue. Rich, do you think we’re seeing an uptick in mutual fund activities that, that could be sustainable or do you attribute it just to one or two or three fund families that had to do the proxy?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, the answer though is going to be, kind of sort of yes to all of the above. All right, so what do I mean by that. When event driven went down post the crises, the data and the studies we did without site consultants and ourselves said that although it was unlikely particularly with a lot of the Boston funds reincorporating the Delaware. It was unlikely that we would average between 20% and 22% of fund positions going forward. It seemed just based on the normal mortality of fund directives that we really should be in the 15%, 16% range, and yet for years we were below that. Until the year is over, because the answer that kind of sort of yes, is a couple of funds will always drive this for the larger funds and depending on what quarter they fall in, it will look like either slightly ahead, slightly behind for where we were thinking we’re going to be for the year. So this is one of these things where unlike proxy season and Broadridge overall well we know, the majority of our year and earnings are going to happen in the last quarter. This is something where it’s going to be driven by the timing of those boards and when they decide to go to market. With all that said, we believe for a long time that the mid-teens is about where the mutual fund activity should be. If we had to guess right now, it kind of looks like that maybe what we’re tracking for this year. And so, I do believe that the data says that on average that’s where we should be going forward. But it will very unlikely be, so if you want to pick the midpoint 15% or mid-teens, it’s very unlikely it will be 15% a year every year. So it could still be 10% or it could be 20% but its likely more to be closer to that midpoint separating out any other anomalies. We like the event driven revenue. We like it because it grows with fund positions. We like it because its good revenue that fits very well into our relatively fixed cost infrastructure of the communications machine and so, we are particularly pleased this year to be back to average.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos.
George Mihalos: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start off on the new sales side, again those continuing to be very strong. I think year-on-year you’re up something like 74%, 75%. Rich, is there any reason why you won't eclipse the $150 million mark you have out there for new sales for the year or is that just timing? Is anything different in the pipeline? Just any color you could provide there.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, George it is 75% and we are very pleased and I jokingly say, my cardiologist is very pleased. Because for whatever reason we always seem to be back ended on the sales and this year we started right out of the gate strong. We had a record, first half record year-to-date where we are right now. Timing always comes into play. To me the most important thing is, is what you heard me say earlier today, we’ve got a lot of product that aligns with what the industry needs. And so, larger deals this year have certainly helped us. We’ve got lots of things that fit into I’ll call it the blocking and tackling category as well and so, even at this point I can't tell you with certainty what the number will be at the end of the year and I can't tell you with certainty, if it would be above or beyond the high end of that range. And I’m never going to raise guidance on anything unless there are no guarantees but unless I can say with a high level of certainty. We feel good about sales, but its not the year, we feel good about sales momentum overall and what it means to our three year objectives we laid out on investor day and George that’s what's driving this management team. If there’s an opportunity to do something in this plan that we think enhances our ability to deliver a number next year and beyond, you should expect us to do that rather than jamming something into this year even given the fact that it is so much fun if and when you ever get to beat guidance to announce it.
George Mihalos: Okay, great. I appreciate that color. And then maybe just to switch gears a little bit. Jim, on the GTO side, on the margin side, how are you thinking about long-term margin expansion within the GTO segment? And I think if I’m not mistaken, you said it will be EBIT, absolute EBIT accretive ’15 over ’14. Did I catch that correctly?
James M. Young: That right, George. We continue to be very happy with the GTO performance especially as we see the sales growth and the sales growth that Rich was just talking about, GTO is every part of that story. Specifically to your margin question year-to-date sitting at 17.8% and which is very consistent with kind of the outlook we provided in the beginning of the year which was mid 17%, so we think with the type of revenue growth that we’re looking at, that long-term that GTO will continue to be part of our margin accretion story. So we don’t have specific guidance but absolutely a part of the overall Broadridge margin accretion story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat.
Christopher Donat: Good morning, gentlemen.
James M. Young: Good morning.
Richard J. Daly: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Donat: So, Rich I know you already answered one question by saying you never say never to a large acquisition or about a large acquisition. Just because it’s in the press this week with SunGard potentially considering an IPO, potentially considering the sale. On your potential appetite for a very large acquisition, can you put that in context of you’re willingness to, I mean; you already mentioned you don’t see anything that has the fit or the risk that you would like. Also even your willingness to extend your debt to EBITAR ratio above two times. Is that sort of you won't go above that or is that more flexible for the right unique opportunity?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, I’m going to stick with and you should not read anything into this. At 61 years old, if I think about all the things I said I would never do when I was 18, never say never is a life philosophy for me as much as it is a business philosophy. Let’s stick though to the real key thing of, why Broadridge is Broadridge. We laid out in Investor Day clear three-year guidance. We think we have the opportunity to create shareholder value heading down what is a reasonable path with understandable risk opportunities and challenges and that we can execute against that and create top quartile shareholder return over that period of time. If we were going to look at a transaction and a transformative transaction, I don’t know how I could easily say to our shareholders what I just said to you about the path we’re on right now. So, no one has every presented any large transaction, and look I see my fair share of bankers and I have a very high regard for them. But one, they show me and here’s the core synergy number. I say, wow that’s a great number. Tell me how you get to it. And if it’s well, there’s got to be $200 million of benefit in there. That doesn’t fit on normal strict criteria of understanding the financial risk et cetera, et cetera. When they say there’s got to be product synergy I say, great. I love product synergy. When they come in there’s got to be tax benefits. I say, I love tax benefits. And by the way, even on the tax benefits I often walk away very unsatisfied at the answer. And so, if we’re as focused and one would even argue [indiscernible] as we’re on a tuck-in. It’ highly unlikely that we would be able to get to the level of comfort we would need to on something that would completely derail our three year plan and create an entirely new model. Now, if we were a business that was saying, we have to transform where we are to another place. We don’t have the growth in the markets we’re serving. We don’t have the products we need to go forward. That would be an entirely different story, but that’s not the Broadridge story. The Broadridge story is, on Investor Day we laid out a plan, that we believe is tangible, is understandable and is executable. And you should be leaving this call thinking that’s what our intention is to do. We’re always interested in ways to create greater value, but we’re not -- we have no need to create any significant amount of risk particularly given the huge market opportunity we have right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Davis.
Stephanie Davis: Good morning, Rich. Good morning, Jim. Thank you for taking my question.
Richard J. Daly: Stephanie.
Stephanie Davis: You have been achieving really solid new sales in the past few quarters. How much of that is driven by the new sales force investments versus maybe better execution or a better selling environment?
Richard J. Daly: You don’t want to add in there the brilliant vision of the CEO, Stephanie?
Stephanie Davis: Yes, of course, a brilliant vision of you, Rich.
Richard J. Daly: I’ll start with that and Jim you can go in there as well. I’m very pleased with the momentum of sales. I’m very pleased with the momentum in the sales organization, and I’m very pleased with the changes in the organization in particularly Chris Perry joining us as the leader of these revenue activities. That momentum is going to continue to build. But we laid out clearly we wanted to transform and this starts when Tim Gokey was doing double duty for us and Tim identified a need for us to have more consultive approach. And so, Tim started those efforts. Chris is doing double duty on those efforts. But I particularly on some of the larger transactions and some of the larger dialogues we’re in, the investments that we made in sales, one would say we’re getting a very good return on. And as we all know, when you make an investment into something intangible like that, its normally pretty difficult to say whether you’re getting the return that you’d hope to get or not. In this case it’s not difficult. Its pretty clear we’re getting a pretty nice return and we fully intent for this momentum to continue and that also ties to product management, that also ties to ensuring that we have more product whether it be building or acquirings with tuck-ins to drive to the market and take advantage of our brand distribution channel and the industry’s need to mutualize non-differentiating cost and create better functionality through vendors they can trust.
Stephanie Davis: Good. Good to hear on the recent large transaction win, just on that topic. Could you give an update on the Accenture Post-Trade Processing deal?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. It is a transaction that the world is watching, certainly the international world. The operations piece has gone live. The processing pieces are taking a little longer than originally hoped. It is very complicated. One thing about Broadridge, they’re usually very clearly. So in terms of the processing piece, it’s our technology and Broadridge has been at this for 50 plus years, I’ve been at this for 25 plus years. We have never not successfully completed a conversion and we’re well on the path to doing that. This was to some degree uncharted waters because of the new nature of what we’re doing in Europe, Asia, the Middle East et cetera. And having an announced second transaction 2016 is going to be a pretty big year for all of this activity and the dialogues that we’re still having with entities out there as they watch to see these transactions go live and as they recognize with their pressured ROEs and the need to mutualize cost, non-differentiating costs of this nature. We think that this, the timing and the importance of this utility is going to serve Broadridge, Accenture and our clients extraordinarily well. It has been a lot of work and I think its work and by the way it’s been a lot of work in this cost related to that work. But as work and cost that we think also adds to our confidence as we look at our three year objectives as we go forward.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Ana Alexander.
Niamh Alexander: Hi. This is Niamh Alexander. Thanks for taking my questions. And if I could just look back to the GTO business no gentlemen I think I’ve asked -- we’ve discussed this in the past. But with respect to your international customers in the U.S., I think that’s been just traditionally a big part of your business. We’re just hearing more about these international banks and the capital markets business is pulling back more like Deutsche Bank and Barclays and RBS, and they just seem to be pulling back a lot more and in the capital markets area. How should we think about maybe some risk to your processing business there? Are you pretty comfortable with what you have and the closed sales that you’ve got it covered with the guidance?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, there is the ROE pressure, as well as the regulatory pressure need is clearly driving lots of activity for us, at the same time they are going to be forced to look at their business models. In terms of certain aspects of the business high frequency trading and other I’ll call it program activities where there has been risk that has been flushed out. Those businesses historically have not contributed significantly even though we do the processing but processing that doesn’t require asset servicing beyond it where it nets out at the end of the day, are those type of activities really provide pretty low revenue and low contribution to us. There have been many times during these calls, questions from clients who are in these businesses saying, see our trading volumes are down, why aren’t your trading volumes down? And its not that the trading volume wasn’t down, it was that the revenue we were getting from those trades was less made -- far less of a revenue contribution than the percentage of trades that represents and that’s why we actually in our trading and GTO had revenue that at times seen counterintuitive to volumes being down at our clients. With that said, taking more the functions out which is then clearly part of the sales of this year, that same activity that’s putting pressure on them in these businesses has made them more willing even if they’re already using our technology on an ASP model to say you know what, let me become one of your outsourcing clients as well because I have to find a way to lower cost. Because it’s both a revenue challenge in terms of what the regulators are allowing them to do, as well as the cost challenge of running the business all of which nets out to the same ROE dialogue. So in my perfect world, I wish that everybody who wanted to outsource and their volumes were going up simultaneously. Historically there has been a less of a willingness to outsource or mutualize cost when everybody’s volumes are going up and everybody is making more money. So, I don’t think we’ll ever have the perfect environment but right now the environment of people’s willingness to shed activities to us is about as high as I can recall it being in my carrier and they’re still going to need things to do to be in business. So I just don’t see them getting out of equities or fixed income on a complete basis and the pieces that they’re likely to do going forward we anticipate being the pieces that we do get paid the full fees for which require all of the asset servicing and the other activities. Not perfect, but it’s been something we’ve been living with really since the financial crises.
Operator: And I’m showing that we have no further questions at this time. I’d now turn the call back to Mr. Daly. End of Q&A
Richard J. Daly: All right. Well, first of all thank you for questions and certainly thank you for your participation. I got to find my date here for our Investor Day. So on Tuesday, May 12 in New York City we’re going to have our Investor lunch-in. Jim, Brian and I look forward to meeting with you hopefully at that lunch-in or if not, in the near future, and again thanks so much. Choose to have a great day. We’re certainly going to do that here at Broadridge.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Michael Hart - Evercore ISI, Research Division Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Junisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to David Ng, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you, Junisha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. The news release we issued this morning and slide presentation that accompanied today's earnings webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks, so please refer to our 2014 Form 10-K for a discussion of some of the risk factors related to any forward-looking statements. Our non-GAAP earnings results and guidance exclude the impact of acquisition, amortization and other costs. We believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 3 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the quarter and year-to-date of fiscal year 2015, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4 with the key points we hope that you will take away from today's call. To start, I am pleased with our financial performance through the second fiscal quarter. Our performance was led by recurring revenues, primarily growth from Net New Business, which is continued to provide momentum. I am very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results, which built upon the strong Q1 start and, again, reached record levels in Q2. We have seen good demand for our products and solutions consistent with the industry trends we described at our Investor Day in December. Growing the business organically remains core to our growth strategy, and this strong performance gives us more confidence in and visibility into our future revenue growth. We are executing against our tuck-in acquisition plans that we also discussed at Investor Day. These tuck-ins add both size and scale to existing businesses and strengthen our position as a key provider of mission-critical solutions to the financial services industry. Broadridge continues to leverage our strong sales channels with new offerings that help our clients reduce cost and enhance our ability to drive growth. To this end in January, we announced our agreement to acquire the trade processing business of M&T Bank Corporation’s Wilmington Trust Retirement and Institutional Services unit, which complements and expands our industry-leading Matrix platform. And in December, we closed the tuck-in acquisition of TwoFour Systems, a provider of real-time foreign exchange solutions for banks and broker-dealers. In a little bit, I will talk more about these acquisitions and how they fit into the Broadridge portfolio. The strong results for the quarter and first half of fiscal year 2015 solidly place us on track to achieve our guidance for the full fiscal year. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2015 guidance as we head into the seasonally stronger second half of our fiscal year, which historically represents over 75% of Broadridge's annual earnings. Our full year expectations are aligned with the 3-year financial objectives we recently communicated during our Investor Day in December. During our Investor Day, we covered 3 key value creation themes including: one, our TSR performance. Broadridge has been a top quartile TSR performer since becoming a public company, and we aim to continue to be a top quartile TSR performer going forward over any multiyear period. Two, capital stewardship. Our priorities to enhance TSR through capital stewardship include a commitment to a meaningful dividend. They also include the successful execution of tuck-in acquisitions and internal product development as a component of our growth strategy. We also highlighted an enhancement to our capital stewardship, in that we are committed to increasing targeted levels of share repurchases by more effectively using our debt capacity. And three, the final theme I will highlight now. Our 3-year growth objectives. We are targeting a recurring fee CAGR of 7% to 10% and an earnings CAGR of 9% to 11%. If you have not done so already, I encourage you to review the Investor Day 2014 materials, including an audio replay, both of which can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let's move on to Slide 5, which covers the financial highlights for our fiscal year 2015 second quarter. I am pleased with our second quarter financial performance. Recurring fee revenues were up 7%, primarily due to the contribution from Net New Business and enhanced by higher internal growth. Internal growth was driven by continued position growth in both equities and interims. Total revenues were up 10% with higher event-driven and distribution revenues. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.32 compared to $0.25 a year ago. This was an increase of 28%. Year-to-date, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.62 compared to $0.64 a year ago, a decrease of 3%, which was clearly anticipated in our full year guidance given the unusually strong first quarter and first half performance last fiscal year. The solid first half of this fiscal year coupled with what we continue to see leads us reaffirm our full year guidance incurring -- including recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%, adjusted diluted EPS of $2.42 to $2.52, recurring revenue closed sales of $110 million to $150 million and free cash flows in the range of $320 million to $370 million. Next, I will cover closed sales performance on Slide #6. I am very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales performance, which has been very strong year-to-date for Broadridge in fiscal year 2015. For the quarter, recurring revenue closed sales of $49 million were up 111%, which represents a record second quarter result. Year-to-date, recurring revenue closed sales of $81 million were up 112%, also a record result. The quarter's results include a contract with Scottrade to provide both trade processing and client communication solutions. Our sales pipeline remains robust with very good momentum. There is a lot to be excited about here. Historically, our first half closed sales represent a smaller percentage of the full year results, so I'm very pleased with our strong recurring revenue closed sales performance and remain very enthusiastic about Broadridge's ability to execute on closing pipeline transactions. We continue to make good progress with our jointly launched Accenture Post-Trade Processing platform or APTP, as it is referred to. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, in November, APTP signed its second client with a targeted go-live date during fiscal year 2016. We have completed the first technology rollout, the Société Générale operations, including infrastructure and support services. Trade processing is expected to go live in London during fiscal year '15 and in Paris during fiscal year '16. We continue to see strong interest from a variety of firms who see tangible opportunity to benefit from lower cost and better execution with our communications, operations and technology solutions. We feel good about our pipeline and are excited about our opportunities going forward. Broadridge continues to be well positioned in the marketplace to be the vendor of choice. Let's move on to Slide 7 where I will discuss our recent tuck-in acquisitions. In January, we announced our agreement to acquire the trade processing business from Wilmington Trust, a subsidiary of M&T bank. The transaction is expected to add additional scale to our already industry-leading Matrix platform and expand our solutions offering and client mix in the growing retirement services market. This acquisition is expected to add approximately 35 new third-party administrator relationships and approximately $50 billion of assets under administration. Post-closing, Matrix is expected to have approximately $300 billion of assets under administration. Our new clients from the acquisition will be able to capitalize on the capabilities and power of our open architecture platform and gain access to Broadridge's retirement communications and data analytics offerings. Although our current Matrix business model and this acquisition are very similar, there are client profile differences allowing Broadridge to further engage a growing retirement services market. Matrix today serves primarily small- and medium-sized plans through a mix -- a client mix of trust banks, TPAs and plan sponsors. M&T bank's trade processing business caters to medium and large TPAs, advisers and plan sponsors. Additionally, the business we are acquiring services nonqualified plans, including stock plans, Taft-Hartley or union plans and deferred compensation plans to name a few examples. While we have some of these types of plans today, this acquisition provides us with a deeper presence in this space, and therefore, the opportunity to leverage the combined expertise of the teams in Colorado, Arizona and Delaware for further growth. We expect this acquisition to close late in the third quarter of this fiscal year or the beginning of the fourth quarter, and we will update you further post-closing. During the quarter, we completed the -- also, we completed the tuck-in acquisition of TwoFour Systems for approximately $32 million. TwoFour Systems is a provider of real-time foreign exchange solutions for banks and broker-dealers to address the rising demand for advanced foreign exchange and cash management technology among financial institutions. Broadridge will integrate TwoFour's technology with our reconciliations and matching technologies, and we rebranded the offering as Broadridge FX and Liquidity Solutions. This new Broadridge solution will be offered through our Global Technology and Operations business. Let me extend a very warm welcome to the TwoFour team, whose talents and expertise will make Broadridge an even more valuable business partner to the financial services industry. We are truly excited about this new relationship and are delighted to welcome TwoFour's highly skilled team of associates to Broadridge. From a financial perspective, we expect this acquisition to be accretive in fiscal year 2016 on an adjusted diluted EPS basis. These transactions clearly illustrate 2 key features of our successful tuck-in acquisition strategy. The acquisition of the trade processing business from M&T Bank is a bolt-on to an already successful Broadridge business, serving a larger portion of the retirement services market. We can quickly integrate the business and realize the value of the combined operation with relatively low risk. The acquisition of TwoFour Systems presents an opportunity to add an important capability to create a compelling product proposition for existing and prospective clients who have a need to integrate the front-to-back office with straight-through processing for FX, exchange traded futures and options, medals, interest-rate derivatives and money market instruments. This product solution is a wonderful compliment to the existing suite of processing, technology and BPO services Broadridge already provides for a wide array of banks and broker clients. We believe these transactions align very well with our expertise and should be further evidence of our commitment to deliver innovative, technology-driven solutions that help financial institutions grow their business and enhance profitability while helping to minimize risk and increase resiliency. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, who will talk more about the financial results.
James M. Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before moving to Slide 8 and the details of our results, let me begin with some callouts. First, with Q2 and Q2 year-to-date revenue growth of 10% and 6%, respectively, we are on pace to achieve our full year guidance of 4% to 6% total revenue growth, especially with the tougher year-over-year revenue comparables behind us. Adjusted EPS grew 28% in Q2 and was down 3% for the first half, which was largely in line with our previous direction on how the distribution of earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, would fall between the first half and the second half of the year. So we reaffirm our full year guidance for adjusted diluted EPS of $2.42 to $2.52 representing 8% to 12% growth, again, with tough first half year-over-year EPS comparables behind us. Second, as Rich highlighted, we posted another quarter of strong sales, now up 112% for the first 6 months of the year. Similar to our commentary a quarter ago, we can expect some very modest revenue benefit in this fiscal year from new sales, but we maintain our revenue guidance. With respect to our recurring closed sales outlook, the strong first half numbers position us well to achieve our targeted range. We had meaningful contributions from large deals in the first half, and we have a good pipeline of large deals. That said, the timing of these large deals can be difficult to forecast precisely, so we maintain our range of $110 million to $150 million. Third, foreign exchange. Foreign exchange has been a drag of about 1 percentage point on revenue growth year-to-date, and we expect about a 1 percentage point drag on revenue growth for the full fiscal year. This is embedded in our revenue guidance. As a reminder, our FX exposure is largely from the Canadian dollar and the pound sterling. Our FX expense -- exposure to the Indian rupee has helped to mitigate the net impacts of FX a bit. That said, FX will still negatively impact earnings growth by about a point for the full year. Fourth, tax rate. We recorded a 32.8% rate for the second quarter, which translates into a 6-month year-to-date rate of 33.9%. This lower rate compared to our base rate of 35% is a function of a couple of discrete items, primarily the legislative reinstatement in December of the federal R&D tax credit for calendar year 2014. We now expect our tax rate for the full year to be about 34.5% or about 50 basis points lower than our previous guidance. And fifth, and finally, acquisitions. As Rich discussed, we purchased TwoFour for about $32 million on an all-cash transaction. This is about a $10 million a year revenue business. We have incorporated TwoFour into our outlook, but the impact will not be material to the results for this year. Neutral on a non-GAAP EPS basis and about $0.01 dilutive on a GAAP basis. Our outlook does not include any assumptions about the impacts of the pending acquisition of the trade processing business of M&T Bank Corporation’s Wilmington Trust Retirement and Institutional Services unit. We'll update you on any impacts on the earnings call following the close of the transaction. Now focusing on Slide 8 and starting at the top. Recurring fee revenue grew 7% as Net New Business once again contributed the majority or 4 points of that growth. Internal growth added another 2 points with mutual funds interim positions growth of 8%, while stock record positions grew 7%. Also, equity trades were up 9% in the quarter. Finally, rounding out the recurring fee growth, the Emerald acquisition, which will anniversary in February, contributed another point of growth. Moving to the bottom of the page. Total revenues grew 10% with half of that coming from recurring fee growth. Low margin distribution revenues were up 16% reflecting higher event-driven activity versus the prior year. Recognizing that the second half contributes more revenue than the first half, our Q2 year-to-date recurring fee and total revenue growth of 6% is right in line with our full year guidance of 5% to 7% recurring fee growth and 4% to 6% total revenue growth despite the drag from FX. The Q2 and Q2 year-to-date EBIT margin of 10% was in line with our expectation and puts us on track to achieve our full year margin target of 17.4% to 17.8% with the seasonally higher second-half margins to come. Once again, we had abnormally high sales, general and administrative expense growth of 18%, reflecting increased levels of investment in the business including sales capabilities. As well, we had a higher performance based compensation expenses, which are a result in part of the sales commissions associated with the 111% closed recurring sales growth in the quarter. Again, the high SG&A growth rates for Q2 and year-to-date are not representative of the expected full year growth rate for this line item. Now turning to Slide 9 and the performance of the segments. ICS posted another quarter of double-digit recurring fee growth, 13%, with contributions from both solid Net New Business performance from our emerging and acquired products and healthy positions growth. Event-driven revenue was up versus the prior year, driven by equity proxy specials, around beneficial equity and mutual fund proxy activity. Additionally, the Emerald acquisition, which does not anniversary until February, accounted for 3 points of the 13% growth. As a reminder from Investor Day, we have formally renamed our Securities Processing Solutions or SPS segment Global Technology and Operations or GTO. GTO revenues grew 2%. We continued to post strong recurring closed sales in GTO and strong revenue growth from new sales. As we had expected, a few losses in fiscal year 2014, primarily as a result of platform rationalization, are dampening revenue growth a bit. We also saw strong internal trade growth in equities of 9%, which is offset by lower support activity. Let's move on to Slide 10. This is a slide we have not included in the past and represents a summary of the key metrics that Rich and I use to discuss and measure performance. We think this format can be helpful in communicating our current outlook succinctly and more efficiently than we did previously across several slides. To orient you, the column on the left here shows the outlook we provided at our last call in November and then our current outlook on the right. Again, we are reaffirming full year guidance and have updated 2 metrics. As I noted earlier, we now expect our tax rate to come in closer to 34.5% for the full year given discrete tax benefit I mentioned earlier. Given the strong performance year-to-date in the ICS segment, we have increased the high-end of the ICS revenue growth range by a percentage point to 8%. All else holds. As a reminder, our outlook includes the very modest impacts from the TwoFour acquisition. We do not include acquisitions that have not yet closed, including the pending acquisition of the trade processing business of M&T Bank Corporation’s Wilmington Trust Retirement and Institutional Services unit. In closing, we remain committed to the growth and capital stewardship objectives we outlined at our Investor Day. To reiterate, over the next 3 years through fiscal year 2017 on a compounded annual growth rate basis, we are targeting recurring revenue growth of 7% to 10%, total revenue growth of 5% to 7% and earnings growth of 9% to 11% before taking into account additional interest expense associated with our targeted increase and our leverage ratio. With respect to capital stewardship, we remain committed to targeting a 45% dividend payout ratio on the prior years adjusted net earnings. Further, we are targeting the increase, our debt levels, to about 2:1 debt-to-EBITAR ratio over the next couple of years. In doing this, we anticipate being able to fully fund our tuck-in acquisition plan and increase our level of share repurchases. As always, we will tell you about share repurchases after the fact. The dividend and share repurchases should yield about 3 to 4 points of total shareholder return through fiscal year 2017. One last note before I hand the call back to Rich. We repurchased approximately 220,000 shares for about $10 million in Q2 using proceeds from the exercise of stock options. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide 11 for my summary wrap-up. The year-to-date financial results, including the solid second quarter results and strong sales performance, is reflective of continued momentum in the business and our ability to execute on our long-term strategy. In addition to the solid financial and strong sales performance, we announced 2 tuck-in acquisitions, which clearly illustrate 2 key features of our successful tuck-in acquisition strategy: with M&T, we're hitting scale through a bolt-on to an already successful Broadridge business; and two, with TwoFour, we added important capabilities to create a compelling product proposition for existing and prospective clients. We believe both of these transactions align very well with our successful tuck-in acquisition strategy and commitment to deliver innovative, technology-driven solutions that help financial institutions grow their business, enhance profitability, minimize risk and improve resiliency. We are now in seasonally stronger second half of our fiscal year. Our sales pipeline remains robust, and client revenue retention is expected to remain at exceptional levels, giving us a very high level of confidence in the business. Given our first half results and the continued momentum in our business, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2015 guidance. The expected full year results are aligned with the 3-year objectives we communicated at our recent Investor Day, which we held this past December. We will continue to focus on driving recurring revenue closed sales performance to deliver strong recurring revenue growth. We will also continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions that meet our strict criteria, and we will continue to invest in developing products internally. Broadridge has very disciplined tuck-in acquisition standards. We target a 20% IRR threshold, EPS accretion in about 1 year, accelerated organic growth and a healthy margin contribution. You can continue to view our tuck-in acquisition strategy as targeting both relatively low-risk acquisition candidates and businesses that are complementary to existing Broadridge businesses. As we look at the range of potential tuck-ins, we see an opportunity to deploy about $400 million to $600 million on tuck-in acquisitions over the next 3 years. We believe our sales performance, tuck-in acquisition strategy and capital stewardship commitment, including paying a meaningful dividend and increasing share repurchases, will enable us to continue to achieve our 3-year objectives conveyed at Investor Day and continue to generate sustainable top quartile stockholder returns over any multiyear period. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our highly engaged and committed associates. Our associate dedication to client satisfaction, which is fueled by their genuine interest in the Broadridge business and overall brand strength, has enabled Broadridge to transform into what it is today, a resilient business that is poised to take advantage of the large market opportunities in front of us. I continue to be extremely grateful for their day-to-day drive and long-term commitment. I will now turn the call over to Junisha, the operator, and we look forward to your questions. Junisha?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut.
Michael Hart - Evercore ISI, Research Division: This is Michael Hart on the line for David. First question is on your incremental investment spending in addition to the M&A you discussed for 2015. Do you expect it to be more first half or second half weighted? And what are the major areas you're targeting?
Richard J. Daly: Well, before I let Jim go more specifically around that in cash and everything related to it, just like large transactions, M&A activity is not something that we have the ability to say at the beginning of the year, "Here is the way it's going to flow quarter-by-quarter." Generally, transactions almost always take longer than I want them to take to get the closing, and candidly, we look at a number of transactions. And given our strict criteria, there are transactions that at a point in time I have a very good feeling about, but as we go through due diligence or as we look at the synergies or as we look at the fit, it actually becomes less attractive and it falls off. And again, we have a strict criteria, it includes what we're willing to pay. So there are transactions that we would have loved to have done, but for whatever reason, we couldn't justify the price that it ultimately traded for. So I do believe looking at -- on a 3-year basis, where if you saw more happening in a given period of time versus less happening, I think it's more because of the subjective nature of getting deals identified, vetted, due diligence and closed, not that you should be reading an acceleration during the short term or deceleration during the short-term as a deviation from what the commitment we believe will be able to achieve overall over the 3-year period. Jim, you want to add anything to that?
James M. Young: Just on a -- in the fiscal year itself, I think as we said at the outset of the year, very light in the first half was our plan, and we generally follow that despite some investments in various spots like digital and Fluent and some of our emerging products. But largely, as we talked about -- investment will be concentrated in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Davis.
Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a couple of questions here. My first question is with regards to the timing of the added leverage you mentioned, maybe the next few years with regards to its timing. Can you kind of help us understand the puts and takes that will make this happen in the, let's say, the next 6 to 12 months versus maybe 1.5 years out?
Richard J. Daly: I'll give you the overall view. There are 2 things that are going to drive that. The tuck-in acquisitions and share repurchases. One of the things that we remain in the same position on is we're not going to be announcing, other than what we intend to achieve over the 3-year period, with a short-term view on share repurchases, so we will remain committed to telling you that we did it in the quarterly call in a quarter in which we did it. So depending on the timing of that activity that is going to be driving -- okay, as well as the timing of acquisition closes, that's going to be driving when that increase leverage will happen and or not.
Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And given the strong performance year-to-date, can you help us understand maybe the puts and takes that gets you to the low and high end of the revenue and recurring fee revenue guidance ranges? It's kind of hard to imagine given the recurring nature of business it falling towards the low end.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. And again, why don't I give you a couple of thoughts there and then, I'll have Jim come in as well. So the -- we are pleased with the financial results to date, and I'm very happy with where we are. We need to keep in context of a couple of things, okay? In the prior year, the first half was up 83%, all right? And the current year, it's a very good year. We're actually behind 3% on a year-to-date basis, and -- but if you look at the last 2 years, first half, we're still at a CAGR of 33%, so the business is performing anyway you look at it going back 2 years far better in the first half than we previously were performing. The most important thing to remember that was even with that strong first half performance, the first half is still about 25% of the full year, so very pleased with where we are. By the nature of our business model, there's an awful lot that needs to have happened in the second half. So even within guiding you within the range, given that the bulk of the profit, okay, about 75%, still needs to happen, and you talk about a range that's a range of growth between 8% and 12%, relative to all the variables out there that we control and don't control, okay, the range of 8% to 12% is not a huge spread in terms of the running of the business. So the more important thing -- and this is why we are very pleased with Investor Day and why we're very pleased, and I emphasized that message today, is that, I recognize the world we live in and I recognize the way we get graded in the world we live in. But for a long-term investor, what we laid out over a 3-year period, all right, and that 3-year guidance we provide in Investor Day, we believe is the right way for people to look at the business. So again, whether we came in at the high-end of the range this year or at the midpoint, all right, the fact that we believe we have a solid plan with criteria that will get us to top quartile performance, and multiple ways to get there, we believe is the most important message of our Broadridge, okay, versus a $0.01 or $0.02 up or down in the final range of the year. Jim, any other thoughts?
James M. Young: Just to add maybe more on a philosophical level, which is we do our best to convey what we're seeing and how we're approaching the balance of the year every time we speak to you. When we obviously go through a rigorous process of looking at risks and opportunities at any given time, and so we're doing our best to convey that. And I think the most important point was the one that Rich highlighted, which is in a business where back-half earnings are so heavily weighted. There's just not enough in a year through 6 months that can give you that tangible evidence to point to, to say, necessarily move one way or the other on guidance.
Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then one quick one. Can you talk a little bit about the TwoFour acquisition, maybe the opportunity and the FX base and how long you guys and BJ [ph] have been looking at it? And finally, would this expand the international presence given the global ubiquity of the FX market?
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I'll break that into 2 pieces. So we've had a desire to logically expand the portfolio offerings we have for 2 very solid reasons: one, the obvious, more product in a strong brand with a strong sales channel feels very good and right. The next one is though that is no question, given the challenges our industry has, vendor management, particularly with things like the responsibilities around data security and cyber security, are giving our clients, in particularly, our large clients that are managing hundreds if not a 1,000-plus vendor relationships, the need to recognize they'd be far happier managing fewer, larger, more qualified vendors, particularly because of the risk around data security and cyber security and the regulatory scrutiny that they're under on vendor management. Given that, we are rated so high across virtually all clients on our reliability and the commitment we've made to data security and cyber security, including our alignment with the NIST framework and our ISO 27001 capabilities, this became a more compelling need we believe, for a lot of clients right now, this would be a very add -- easy added extension. By using Broadridge, even though they might have an offering that's working fine today, but when you factor in those other risks that I added around vendor management, we believe that will serve us very, very well, so we're excited about that opportunity. Our client mix going to the international view, it's more that we're servicing global clients, and so we hope we can expand their footprint by the relationship we have with global clients, who are doing business with us here and doing business with us in Europe, Asia, et cetera as well. So -- but the focus was first on the product expansion and taking advantage of what we believe is going to be a marketplace that's going to be looking more to Broadridge not just for capability but also life is easier for them and with their regulators when they're managing less qualified vendors versus more vendors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I have one question about the guidance and the commentary around the foreign currency headwind to growth being about a percentage point. Since you're not really changing it except for the ICS part, are you not changing it because you gave us a wide enough range that the foreign currency headwind is wiggle room? Or is there some offset that you've had either with closed sales or the acquisitions that's now effectively embedded in the revenue growth guidance?
Richard J. Daly: I'm going to give you a business view, and I'm going to let Jim get to the specifics of this. Look, I like you, listen to CNBC and the sound bites on the radio, and so FX has affected businesses, okay? From my point of view, FX has affected our business. The good news is that we've got momentum in the business that has enabled us to not be sidetracked by this. And so the momentum in the business that I commented on multiple times during the call is the message and -- with good momentum, you can take a hit or 2 in places and still stay on course, and that's really what I believe, from a business point of view, from my chair as CEO, is what we've experienced. Jim, why don't you get to the specifics of the question now.
James M. Young: Yes. Chris, I mean, you summarized it well, which is we've got a point of headwind growth. Obviously, there are other puts and takes on the momentum that Rich described, and you highlighted ICS as one of the areas that's got good strong growth year-to-date, which gave us a little bit of confidence. That said, had I thought we would have a point of headwind on that, I would have been concerned. But as Rich said, we've got a balanced business with other parts performing well, and so it's again not changing our outlook.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just away from ICS with GTO. Can you remind us how much sensitivity you have around higher volume -- or higher, say, trading activity and processing on fixed income? It's not as -- I think in the -- before your tenure, Jim, it was more sensitive to swings in activity, but that's been dampened over time by, I guess, floors and caps. Can you just remind us if you expect much change in revenue with any higher trading activity?
Richard J. Daly: Yes, so let me start. We continue to evolve the business to being a fee-driven business versus a volume-driven business, all right? And so if you ask me what I'd rather have, higher trading volumes and lower trading volume, the answer is pretty easy for me. And if it happens like it did last year in the first quarter, because it's versus -- in the first quarter, low margins, relatively speaking and low earnings, relatively speaking, it can give us an interesting impact. If it happens in the fourth quarter, it kind of gets lost in the source type of thing. So I almost put that in the same category that -- the way we just described FX, all right, in that, there are so many moving pieces to the business, Chris. It's a very balanced portfolio. Even with the strong momentum we have, there's a knit or 2 here or there that's actually operating a little weaker than what we thought. There's more than enough to offset that in other pieces, and without -- I'll give you one last context because you've been following us for a very long time. Without, I'll call it, the headwinds of the past, okay, the worst market correction since the depression. We believe the business has flexibility to manage these activities, all right? And so as we go forward, we are consistently focused on adding product and adding new revenue sources whether it'd be through tuck-ins or building it ourself, all right, so that as these things continue to occur--I don't care if it's fixed income trading volumes or mutual fund interim volume--things will go up and things will go down. But if we keep adding new revenue sources, we think we're going to be able to maintain the path we're on without, I'll call it, serious headwinds from the marketplace.
James M. Young: And Chris, I think specifically to the fixed income trading, if you were provided a metric in the past, I'll try to reconcile that with you offline. But roughly speaking, it's -- last year, fixed income trading proper was about a $57 million revenue stream. So if you think, a point of growth on a full year basis, you're talking certainly well south of $1 million closer to $500 000. And if you're thinking about first -- a quarter or 2, obviously that the dollars get more material. And as Rich said that the business is just more balanced and not really a function of the trade growth and especially on the fixed income side.
Richard J. Daly: And 2 additional things related to that because, one, that's related to the trading part then there's all the other fees that we get from our fixed income relationships, which doesn't vary; and two, we've already experienced that even when the fixed income activity from our clients' point of view, because their revenue models very different than ours. So volatility and trading shows up in volatility in their revenue far more directly than it does with us because, I believe, in the past, there was some surprise when our clients were reporting earnings changes because of fixed income activity being down. As Jim just pointed out, it didn't have an effect on us that required any dialogue in explaining on results at that point in time.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Peter Heckmann.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to see if we could get any bracketing for modeling purposes on the M&T/Wilmington pending acquisition? Would it be fair to say, if we looked at kind of more normal acquisition -- or your more normal target acquisitions, that we would consider revenue in maybe the $50 million to $75 million range?
Richard J. Daly: Yes, because that hasn't closed yet, we're going to be reluctant to go beyond the details we provided. I will tell you though that the most important thing is, for me, anything that can feel like a roll up fits into the lowest category of risk, and this has strong roll up-type attributes. It also gives us the ability to expand the client base that we're servicing in this great retirement services market. Retirement services market has been the one steady piece forever because regardless of what's going on, people are still having those deductions made and those assets still needs to be managed. So we also gave you a view of the AUA that we are getting and we gave you a view of where the AUA is going to and we also gave you a view of AUA when we acquired Matrix, so with all of that, you kind of can get a pretty good sense, I'll call it, within bread box sizing, all right? I would put this though into a tuck-in that is close to hitting the bull's eye that we're looking for. This is it. And I will also tell you that Gerry Scavelli, the leader of this business, and I personally have been chasing this transaction for a very long time.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. Would you expect any regulatory review of the transaction or any other hurdles around trust or custody that may make the transaction take longer to close than expected?
Richard J. Daly: Look, there is a regulatory review process that we have to go through. We understand the process. We have the right management team. We have an extraordinary management team in Matrix, and so I'm viewing this as--it's difficult to say the exact number of days, okay? But right now, I'm not viewing this as a high risk, but with regulatory activity, it's never over until it's over. But we announced late third quarter, early first quarter -- I'm sorry, late third quarter year -- early fourth quarter of the year, and probably the late third is a desire. The early fourth is probably more of the likely reality, all right? But when it's closed, we'll tell you, all right? We'll likely issue a press release on that at that point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Niamh Alexander.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: This is Kyle Voigt stepping in for Niamh. Just had a couple questions. Just one on acquisitions. So given that you've -- just on the TwoFour deal and announced M&T deal, should we be thinking about you being on the sidelines now for a while and digesting these for next couple of quarters? Or are they small enough that you could still look to be acquisitive in the near term?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I think you're going to need -- you just broke up a little, Kyle. I apologize. If you could repeat that.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just given that you've done the TwoFour deal and announced the M&T deal, should we kind of think about you being on the sideline and digesting these deals for the next couple of quarters? Or are these small enough that you could still look to be acquisitive?
Richard J. Daly: Thank you. I didn't hear the word digesting, I apologize. The answer is no, but we could be on the sidelines because we're not changing our criteria, all right? And so there could be a transaction that -- because it's happened multiple times, that at a moment in time, I'm feeling very good about and then we either wind up being outbid or we wind up saying, "You know what? We're sticking to our criteria, and it's just not quite there." So -- but we have added resource to this activity. I am pleased with the deal flow we're looking at. I'm pleased with the fit that we're looking at, and we've kind of been identified out there as a high quality buyer of these tuck-in transactions and high quality in that we layout the criteria very clearly for the potential acquisition to see. In some cases, we're so -- we're a desired buyer, in that we've actually gotten initial exclusives in looking at these. And so if we're going to achieve the goal of $400 million to $600 million over the next 3 years, we're going to work harder every day to make this happen.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, Rich. And then just had one more, maybe for Jim. So on the SG&A expense, it's up 10% quarter-over-quarter, 18% year-on-year. I know you said the growth rate should be indicative of the growth rates in the second half of the year, but then also that investment spend should be back-half weighted, so I'm just trying to parse out. Could you give any color on how much of that sequential increase in SG&A was related to higher commissions from the strong closed sales? Or -- and then how much was the higher investment spend in the quarter versus the first quarter?
James M. Young: Sure, let me just give you some broad way to think about it -- I just -- I want to make sure you heard what I said, which is the growth rate in the first half won't be indicative of the full year rate. And so commissions, I think, we called out. Commissions -- you may have posed the question -- I'm going to give you actually year-over-year because I don't have sequential handy. But for the first half, commissions were in the neighborhood about $5 million, up year-over-year. So that's one part of it, and obviously, the -- some of the investments we talked about. So that sort of what's going to drive some of the growth. Hopefully, we'll get back to you in talking about continued high commission expenses in the second half. But more importantly, as we look out on the year right now, as you recall last year, we put a lot of money to work in the second half. So as we increase any levels of investment in the second half, we're going to have the comp of the prior year. So again, those growth rates will certainly come down on the SG&A line.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, and another comment as well. So first of all, there is nothing that would make me happier than as we reported earnings, and let's assume within the range, but it was down $0.03 from where it would've been because record commissions in the second half as well. There's nothing that could give anyone more confidence, including me, in our 3-year objectives than accelerating the sales activity that we're planning on achieving during the 3-year period, so we are very, very top line-focused. You remember me telling you both on the call as well as in the luncheons that we have made investments in sales performance activities, and we are at a place now where we think we're at the right level of investment. And if anything, we're fine-tuning that investment, and the results, I believe -- early results are very good and -- but it gives me great encouragement, particularly under the leadership of Chris Perry, to take this process that we have, fine-tune it and take it to the next level, so that particular expense feels great. The other thing I'll comment is that fits right in line with the momentum in the business, so whether it'd be offsetting some SG&A, 1 year versus the next year, whether it'd be offsetting commissions, whether it'd be offsetting FX, it's a really nice place to be where these things can happen, and we're not explaining it as a but. We're expanding it as okay, yes, it's there, but there was more than enough good business momentum to offset it. So that when I talked about being pleased or very pleased on sales, that really is the key as to where -- rather than just saying nice words, that really is the foundation, and I believe very solid foundation, to the bases of the sentiment we're sharing with you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Stephanie Davis.
Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question about investment spend. How do you shake out in Q2 relative to plan? And now that we're approaching the second half of the year, could you give us some color on the areas of focus?
Richard J. Daly: I'm going to make an overall comment, and then move it to Jim. So in the beginning of the year, we told you that -- in particularly on digital, we believe we have really unique opportunity. We really touched base on that in our Investor Day as well, okay. For the year that was the one that was identified at the very beginning of the year. Commitments were made at the very beginning of the year, and we're absolutely in line with those commitments, maybe even slightly ahead because of some opportunities that we have there from a technology point of view. So we're very pleased with Inlet. The progress Inlet is making, and the multichannel build out is progressing, we think, very well, okay? With that, I'll let Jim comment on the balance of it overall.
James M. Young: Sure. Stephanie, so the timing relative to the first half, I think we told you at the outset, it was going to be light in the first half, so it's pretty consistent with light, and obviously, much more planned for the second half as we did last year. So the vast majority is really second half spend.
Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And should we think of it as an even 3Q to 4Q cadence?
James M. Young: That's probably a reasonable way, maybe probably tilting a bit towards Q4, but in that ballpark.
Richard J. Daly: And from a business point of view, we -- just like our tuck-ins, this has the same disciplined process, all right? And so Tim Gokey has been literally, every day, including yesterday, meeting with our line leaders and reviewing the status of where they are on their plans as it relates to this activity. And this is part of where I emphasize beyond the tuck-in product expansion, it's the investment in the product opportunity we have as well. And you should think that it's a very disciplined build-versus-buy mindset all tied to that 3-year view of the revenue growth we want to control to control destiny on that 3-year view.
Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Good. Good to hear. One quick follow-up for me. You guys just announced the $0.27 quarterly dividend. It implies the 2% dividend yield. I realize that's no fault of your own due to the run up of the stock, but it is below your 3% to 4 yields commitment. Could you talk to how you got to this dividend? And what do we take to get to the 3% to 4% level?
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I'm going to turn it over to Jim, but remember the dividend is part of that yield level. You've got the repurchases in there as well. But Jim, go ahead.
James M. Young: That's exactly, right. So one, obviously, Stephanie, as you recall that, that was a number that we looked at over the 3-year time frame. So as we maintain our payout ratio, we think we can obviously maintain yields. And as Rich said, I think we are clear in that share repurchases will be an important part of that policy. And so, even if we're at the 2-point level, we think it's very feasible that share buyback contribute at least another point in that time period.
Operator: I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Junisha, thank you. So first of all, thank you for all participating today. Jim, David, and I look forward to meeting with you, and we're certainly hoping that you'll find the opportunity to participate at our upcoming investor lunch. That's going to be at our 1 Park Avenue office on Tuesday, February 17. And so as I look out the window, I see some flurries out there, but it's feeling pretty warm and sunny in the beautiful headquarters conference room in Lake Success. Choose to have a great day. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore ISI, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: You may begin your conference.
David Ng: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge Quarterly Earnings Call and Webcast for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now, everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. This news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risks. These risks are summarized on Slide 2. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2015 earnings results and fiscal year 2015 earnings guidance excludes the impact of acquisition and amortization and other costs. These costs are significant, and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 3 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now let's turn -- I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 4 with the key points we hope that you will take away from this call. First, we had a solid start to the year with results that were consistent with our expectations. Building on the momentum that we generated in fiscal year 2014, our performance was driven primarily by Net New Business. I am satisfied with our results, particularly given the comparison to strong event-driven trading and trading support activities in the first quarter last year. This year's first quarter solidly places us on track to achieve our guidance for the full fiscal year. Additionally, I am very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results, which reached record levels in the first quarter. In the past, I have talked about how the Broadridge revenue model has evolved and how we are not relying on market-based activities for growth. Strong recurring revenue closed sales growth remains an important element of our strategy, and the fact that they reached record levels for the quarter, provided an unusually strong start to our sales goals for the fiscal year. Given our first quarter results and the confidence we continue to have in our business, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2015 guidance. Before I talk about our financial highlights, I want to take a few minutes to discuss how our growth strategy is supported by continuous reinvestment in the business. At Broadridge, we categorize investment into 2 buckets: one, recurring revenue -- I'm sorry, recurring run rate investments that support our current operation in infrastructure needs; and two, investments in our future growth, including some strategic initiatives as to which the timing of execution allows us some discretion. Focusing on the latter, we believe that investments in new and existing products, technologies and sales capabilities will lead to greater recurring revenues and scalability. As a result, our revenue and revenue growth have become increasingly less dependent on market-based activities and thus, more predictable. Also, given our ability to pace the execution of some discretionary investments, we can reduce the impact of market volatility on our results. Additionally, as a result of our efforts in this area, our earnings growth should be sustainable over a multiyear horizon as we lay the foundation for greater sales and efficiencies. I really like the confidence these efforts have added to our ability to deliver on our guidance commitments. During the prior fiscal year, we highlighted for you an increase in discretionary investments in our business. Given that these discretionary amounts do not capture the entirety of the investments we make in our business and the long-term nature of our commitment to investing in the business, we do not plan to provide regular updates on our discretionary investment levels going forward. That said, 1 quarter into the year, nothing has changed relative to the plans we have previously communicated. We remain committed to investing in growth opportunities that should provide a long-term benefit for our stockholders. I am very pleased with how we are executing on our growth strategy and our ability to elegantly plan for both the short term and long term. Accordingly, we continue to have confidence as we target sustainable, long-term, top-quartile total shareholder return over any multiyear period. Let's move to Slide 5, which covers the financial highlights for our fiscal year 2015 first quarter. I am satisfied with our first quarter financial results, which were consistent with our expectations. Recurring revenues were up 4%, primarily due to Net New Business, which we define as recurring revenue closed sales less recurring revenue client losses. Our internal growth was flat overall with positioned growth in both equities and interims offset by lower trading volumes and trading support activities. We reported non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.30 compared to $0.39 a year ago. GAAP diluted earnings per share decreased 26% -- to $0.26 from $0.36. The decrease in EPS was consistent with our expectations and the direction we provided in the last call. In considering our revenue performance, remember that last year's Q1 was unusually strong, driven by elevated trading and trading support activities, which created internal growth across both segments, as well as higher event-driven mutual funds proxy activity. I'd now like to make a quick comment about the current market environment. Recent history has clearly demonstrated that markets can fluctuate up and down. As we experienced weaker-than-anticipated trading and trading support activities during Q1, I was pleased that our planning approach to rely less on market activities and more on the activities within our control was both timely and effective. Of note, the market activities in Q2 for the month of October improved and were stronger than what we experienced in Q1, which adds even more to our confidence for the full year. The solid start to the fiscal year, coupled with our confidence in the business, leads us to reaffirm our full year guidance at this time, including recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%, non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.42 to $2.52, GAAP diluted EPS of $2.29 to $2.39, recurring revenue closed sales of $110 million to $150 million, and free cash flow in the range of $320 million to $370 million due to our low capital intensity and a great free cash flow business model. Next, I will cover closed sales performance on Slide 6. A highlight of the first quarter was our record recurring revenue closed sales performance of $32 million. Historically, our first quarter closed sales contribute the smallest amount to our full year results, as it is generally more difficult to schedule meetings and close new business during the summer months. So I am very pleased with our strong recurring revenue closed sales performance and our ability to execute on closing pipeline transactions. The quarter's results include 2 deals with values over $5 million each. Even with this performance, our sales pipeline remains robust and growing with very good momentum. We continue to make good progress in our emerging and acquired product portfolio and our jointly launched Accenture Post-Trade Processing Platform or APTP, as it is referred to. We expect Société Générale's London operations to be fully implemented and to be processing on the APTP platform during Q3 of this fiscal year. In October, APTP signed its second client with a targeted go-live date during fiscal year 2016. Going forward, we expect the regulatory environment to only become more complex and restrictive. The value proposition for all of our solutions including APTP remains centered on the most relevant initiatives our clients face today: the mutualization of non-differentiating functions and costs. Broadridge is well positioned in the marketplace to be a vendor of choice. Currently, we have strong interest from a variety of firms, based on our capabilities, to mutualize their communications, operations and technology cost structures. We feel good about our pipeline, and are excited about our opportunities going forward. We also continue to invest in our go-to-market capability. In September, we hired Chris Perry as our President of global sales, marketing and client solutions. Chris comes to Broadridge after holding senior executive and sales leadership roles at Thomson Reuters. With over 25 years of experience in banking, brokerage and financial information services, Chris brings unique and valuable experience to Broadridge. The executive leadership team and I are excited to have him here and look forward to his contributions. We are off to a solid start to the fiscal year. We are executing on our strategy as reflected in our sales performance and investments to further enhance our long-term growth. As I have previously said, we are not relying on market-based activities for growth. As a result, Broadridge is a very different company today compared to when we became a public company almost 8 years ago. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim, who will talk more about the financial results.
James M. Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. As we move to Slide 7, let me begin with some call-outs before going through our results in more detail. First, Q1 came in where we expected, with contributions to full year revenue and EBIT consistent with the distribution we shared with you along with our fiscal year 2015 guidance on the August call. This performance, coupled with our current outlook, enables us to reaffirm our full year guidance for fiscal year 2015, including recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.42 to $2.52. Second, as Rich highlighted, we began the year with strong recurring revenue closed sales including 2 larger deals, both of which are anticipated to convert within 12 months. While we can expect some very modest revenue benefit in this fiscal year from these sales, we do not see any impact as of now to our full year revenue guidance. Third, despite the tough compares from a year ago, and a relatively weak trading and trading support activity in Q1 of fiscal year 2015, recurring revenue and total revenue were up 4% and 2%, respectively, with healthy top line growth in the Investor Communication Solutions business. Further to the strong compares, Q1 fiscal year 2015 EBIT and earnings growth were heavily impacted by sales, general and administrative expenses, which grew 25%. This growth was a function of some discrete items, which I'll cover in a bit, and should not be considered in any way indicative of a trend or run rate growth. Finally, contributions from internal growth led by market-based activity were neutral and consistent with how we approach planning for the year. Now focusing more specifically on the data on Slide 7. This should be a familiar layout to you. It shows the components of our 4% recurring revenue growth and 2% total revenue growth in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015. In addition, you can see the strong performance last year, that we grew over 11% recurring revenue growth and 10% total revenue growth in Q1 fiscal year 2014. In particular, you can see 4 points of internal growth a year ago, which is a result of 14% equity trading volume growth, very strong trading support activity, including post-sale fulfillment and healthy position growth. As you move further down the Q1 FY '14 column, you can see the 2 points of total revenue growth from event activity associated with Mutual Fund Proxy services. All of this is helpful perspective for understanding our Q1 fiscal year 2015 performance. You can see mutual contribution from internal growth and the drag on growth from event-driven activity in the quarter. Net new business continues to be the biggest driver of our performance in the quarter, and on a projected basis, for the balance of the year. And again, we expect event-driven revenues for the full year to be flat year-over-year. Below the revenue section, you will see the contraction in Q1 non-GAAP EBIT margin and non-GAAP EPS compared to a year ago. As I mentioned above, the real driver here was the growth in SG&A expenses. This anomalous growth in SG&A expenses was the result of several factors including: higher commission on the 100-plus percent increase in closed sales, which is an expensive driver we happily accept; other increased performance-based compensation expenses; and impacts from investments in our sales and marketing capabilities, largely in the form of people that began a year ago. Also, we revalued a contingent obligation related to an acquisition, which resulted in a credit in the prior year period. These items alone represent the majority of the $0.09 decline in non-GAAP EPS. Therefore, we don't expect this level of SG&A expense growth in the remaining quarters. In closing out on the overall Broadridge financials, we reiterate our direction on how to think about our revenue and EBIT distribution across the fiscal year, where approximately 40% of annual revenue and about 20% of related EBIT should fall in the first half. Now turning to Slide 8 and the performance of the segments. ICS posted solid recurring revenue growth of 10%, matching fiscal year 2014 levels, and total growth of 4% with the event-driven drag amplified [ph] on ICS's results. 5 points or half of the recurring growth was from Net New Business with continued momentum for new closed sales. Another 3 points of growth came from the Emerald acquisition, which will anniversary in February 2015. Internal growth contributed the final 2 points. Looking at the drivers of internal growth, Q1 stock record positions grew 7%, which was consistent with fiscal year 2014 growth, recognizing that this driver is not as meaningful to our Q1 results. It is, however, directionally positive. Mutual fund interim positions grew 8%, which was even with our fiscal year 2014 Q4 rate. ICS Q1 fiscal year 2015 EBIT contracted 7% year-over-year with less high-margin event-driven activity and impacts from some of the SG&A items discussed earlier, including higher sales commission expenses. Moving down to SPS. Revenue here contracted 2%. While Net New Business was slightly positive, overall trade volumes were flat, and trading support activity was down from Q1 fiscal year of 2014. As Rich highlighted, and we discussed on the last call, we are not counting on much contribution from internal growth for the full year. And no longer-term extrapolations can be made from current period trading volume levels. With respect to EBIT, the revenue contraction combined with higher sales commissions related to the strong Q1 sales performance and continued investment in sales capabilities, resulted in a 20% contraction in SPS's EBIT. In closing, I'll offer a few odds and end. First, as you may have seen, Broadridge amended and extended its existing revolving credit facility in August. This transaction enabled us to secure attractive rates, pricing and credit availability. The revolving credit facility was extended with a new 5-year maturity out to August 2019. We also upsized the revolver from $500 million to $750 million. There are no specific uses for the additional room on the revolver other than to support Broadridge's future growth and provide additional funding and financing flexibility. Second, consistent with our capital stewardship commitments, we repurchased 15 million or approximately 350,000 shares using proceeds from exercised options to offset the impact of dilution in the first quarter. Third and finally, please note that certain discrete services that were previously reported in our Securities Processing Solutions segment are now reported within the Investor Communication Solutions segment. This was done to reflect organizational changes made in fiscal year 2014, with the goal of further aligning and enhancing our portfolio of services. This action had the effect of moving approximately $14 million of revenue and negligible EBIT from SPS to ICS for fiscal year 2014. Further, we updated our segment guidance numbers to reflect these moves. For avoidance of doubt, this has no impact on the consolidated reported results or the fiscal year 2015 guidance. With that, back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap-up. I am satisfied with our results. The first quarter places us solidly on track for the full fiscal year and demonstrated that our strategy to be less dependent on market-driven activities is working. As Jim pointed out, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first 2 quarters earnings historically contribute disproportionately less to our full year results. Recurring revenue momentum has continued, driven by Net New Business. Close sales grew nicely and our sales pipeline continues to be robust. Going forward, we are well-positioned for continued success and in our ability to execute on our growth strategy. We are not relying on revenue from market-based activities to fuel our growth. The benefits of our strategy are reflected in our first quarter performance. We remain confident in our fiscal year 2015 guidance. The solid start to the fiscal year coupled with our confidence in the business leads us to reaffirm our full year guidance. With respect to capital stewardship, nothing has changed. We remain committed to our priorities, which include paying a meaningful cash dividend, investing in our business, pursuing tuck-in acquisitions and making opportunistic share repurchases, all enabled by low capital intensity and a great free cash flow business model. Broadridge is well-positioned to achieve sustainable success over the long term and in our ability to execute on our growth strategy. Our performance enables us to have continued confidence in our ability to generate sustainable, top-quartile stockholder returns over a multiyear period. I look forward to seeing you at our second Investor Day, which is planned for December 11 this year in New York City. At that time, we'll provide you with a view into the multiyear growth trajectory of our business, the market dynamics driving our industry and how Broadridge is positioned for success. You will also have the opportunity to meet our senior management team, comprised of experienced leaders running successful businesses, operating in large and opportunity-rich markets. It will be an insightful event, and I hope you can join us. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our highly engaged and committed associates, who have enabled us to deliver consistently strong performance and continue to generate ideas to generate the business forward. We are a different company today compared to when we became a public company almost 8 years ago. At our Investor Day on December 11, you will learn more about the opportunity that will enable us to transform Broadridge again as we go forward. We continue to add new talent and invest in our associates worldwide, knowing they will produce outstanding results for our clients and stockholders. I'll now turn the call over to Benita, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions. Benita?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Just to start off with -- you called out the 114% growth in new recurring closed sales in the quarter. Any themes in terms of the types of business, nature of services provided behind those two $5 million wins? And if you could give us a sense of the sustainability of the strength you saw in Q1?
Richard J. Daly: Sure, David. Well, first of all, it's always great to have a stronger start than looking to catch up. We've historically had very strong finishes to the year. And as I said, the summer months just by the nature of getting things scheduled and meetings to occur in the summer makes the first quarter traditionally the weakest quarter. With that said, specifically to your question, the sales were evenly broke -- where the large deals would be in both segments. And -- but we saw good momentum across both segments, not only for the 2 large transactions over $5 million, but pretty much in terms of all of the activities. So the investments that we made in product, the investment that we've made in our merging and acquired, along with cost mutualization being a theme that's driving activity for our industry overall, is what I would attribute it to. Timing is always 1 quarter versus the next quarter can be interesting. It feels great to start strong like this, and we're looking forward to a strong year.
David Togut - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Understood. Could you also comment then on the $40 million in investment for this year in terms of how we should see that allocated among quarters? Was it high or low in Q1, relative to plan?
Richard J. Daly: Well, one of the things that we wanted to do this year was kind of close out the dialogue we had last year, where we increased the discretionary part of investment into the business, based on the very strong start we had last year. And then in our planning process this year, what we felt great about, and I really mean feel great about, is that we now made that a regular part of our planning cycle, which just, given the market environment activities up until last year, we never had that added flexibility. So even though nothing's changed, and what I meant by that, so I said, even though we're not going into the details of the $40 million. But I said, with all that said, nothing's changed from what we shared with you in our original guidance on our year-end call. That $40 million is activity that really requires the business units to submit their plans, because people compete on their ideas for capital. It goes with the same criteria as our acquisitions do. We're looking for a strong return targeted about a 20% IRR. We're looking for the viability of execution. We're looking to make sure that the talent that we need to execute these ideas is there. And so the bulk of that would generally be executed in the second half, right? We're still on course to do that. The great thing here, David, is though, that if you look at the way our revenue rolls out, if you look at the way we close Net New Business, and when it turns into revenue, we're using this for 2 things. One, we're using it to accelerate our growth, and we expect to do it in the majority of years. However, if the market activity was to get squirrelly and decline, it gives us the ability to make our guidance commitment, which we take very seriously, without altering the long term of the business. And I think for our investors and the people like you who follow us, give you the ability to have more confidence in our ability to not only grow over a multiyear period, but to meet our commitments with more confidence in any given year. So the fact that, that $40 million is not all the investment we're making into the business, the fact that it's not all of our capital activities that we put into the business -- the reason we highlighted it last year is because we were unable to do that because of the increased earnings, operation and potential that we had last year. We made it an increased recurring activity for this year to keep that flexibility in the business, and to keep the added growth opportunity in the business. But for us to be sharing that activity versus all the activities, we think is out of context. Now what we're really looking forward to at Investor Day is you hearing all the activities that we're investing in, across both segments, in order to give you the confidence we have in our future opportunities to grow.
David Togut - Evercore ISI, Research Division: That's very clear. Just a quick final question for me, Rich. It looks like recurring fee revenue growth for the first quarter of 4% was a little bit below your FY '15 target of 5% to 7%. Is that just a function of a difficult comparison? Or are there any other drivers behind that?
Richard J. Daly: Well, I'm going to comment overall and I'll let Jim go into the numbers. We saw the summer months, in particularly August, which you guys see as well, as it was slightly slower activity. I specifically wanted to comment that certainly October was not slightly slower activity, and was actually pretty good market activity. So that's again why we feel so great the way we put together the plan. Our plan didn't anticipate the need or didn't need market activity in the first quarter. And our Net New Business enabled us to deliver the results we delivered. October, we saw some nice market activity. I'd love to see that continue. And if it does, we'll feel even better. But if it doesn't continue, we have every expectation of delivering on our guidance commitment. Jim, why don't you comment more specifically?
James M. Young: David, it's Jim. You hit it on the head. Obviously, just largely a tough compare given the strong performance in Q1 of last year. And then as we look at our drivers, we plan for about 4% to 5% of net new business for the full year, closer to 3% in Q1 of '15. So as we bring on a lot of the deals that we signed throughout the year, we'll edge up to that number. So a combination of that internal growth that you referenced and then as we grow into our sales wins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Rich, I wanted to ask you a question. I saw -- congratulations on winning the second customer on the Accenture post-trade processing platform that I've been reading more since you highlighted it about shared utilities, and I wanted to ask on -- another company in the space that recently announced an additional shared utility for derivatives post-trade processing. And I want to ask you if you felt that was just an affirmation of the business case for shared utilities in the securities processing industry? And based on what I've read about the Accenture platform, it doesn't appear that, that would be a competing platform, is that correct?
Richard J. Daly: David, our platform does not include derivatives at this point in time, in terms of the exotic product nature. And yes, we don't -- there are a number of people that have viewed this as a strong opportunity. And of course, mutualization in our industry, particularly given the pressure that the largest of firms are under on their ROE returns. So we feel that the momentum continues. These are not quick closes. We were particularly pleased to hear in Accenture's last earnings call for their reaffirmation by referring to -- that they were investing in the leading post-trade services platform, which is Broadridge. So we particularly like that quote. We think that we are the only proven solution out there. We are the only solution that has real volume on it. In our case, it's extraordinary real volume. So we feel good where we're positioned. These remain long dialogues.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as regards the bookings in the quarter, that is a good start. But if I remember correctly, you had announced the Fidelity deal that closed in July, and you'd announced it on the prior call. I guess based on my estimates of the size of that transaction, that was a good chunk of the bookings for the quarter, isn't that correct?
Richard J. Daly: Yes, Pete. I apologize, we didn't communicate it clearly. Fidelity was in our fiscal '14 fourth quarter. So we announced it on the August call, but Fidelity is not in the first quarter results. So we had a very strong fourth quarter and followed by a very strong first quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Mihalos with Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Rich, I wanted to go back to the pipeline of new business as it relates to new sales. You mentioned 2 deals north of $5 million. It seems more and more you're able now to sign some of these more -- I'll use the term elephant-like deals going forward. How does the pipeline look now for you in terms of these larger deals versus, say, 2 years ago?
Richard J. Daly: George, I've consistently reported that the pipeline is growing, and that is absolutely the case. We -- I mentioned on the call specifically about Chris Perry joining us, and he's a true professional. I believe he had at one point in his career 3,500 sales associates reporting to him. I know that number is directionally correct. And -- so he has dove much deeper into our pipeline activities. And so having a strong pipeline is a good indicator as we go forward. We expect that number to continue to grow. We have struggled with what metrics in that to share with you, other than my directional comments. And I hope at some point in time in the future, we'll actually be able to share a little bit more detail. What I don't want to do is provide detail that you have to be us to understand. So -- but directionally, there's no question. We feel good about the pipeline. And just by the pressure our industry is under, without -- it goes without saying that the pipeline is growing.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just to sort of be clear. Is it fair to say though that you are seeing larger deals in the pipeline than perhaps what you've seen historically?
Richard J. Daly: George, I'd say that's fair, but I'd also say that over the last 2 years, we've had lots of dialogues with large deals. We're still having some dialogues with some of those same large deals. So I don't want to give you an indication that I believe that every quarter we're going to be doing 2 large deals over $5 million, right. Although nothing would make me happier than to do 2 or more large deals every quarter.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then just last question for me. Should we be expecting you guys to sort of ramp-up the repurchases throughout the course of the year? I know you mentioned several different capital allocation priorities, but maybe a little bit of help how we should be thinking about that as the year progresses?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Well, George, my policy on repurchases has been very consistent. We absolutely recognize that we want to use our shareholders cash to create shareholder value for them. We have a unique situation in that, given the importance of what we do in the marketplace. That importance is recognized by our clients, by us being a solid financial investment grade because they are outsourcing to us, as you heard with these 2 large deals as well this quarter, mission-critical activities to their organization. So they take comfort, and they have a need to be very confident in our financial future. With that said, we absolutely, as you saw in our year-end call, are committed to paying a meaningful dividend with a meaningful payout, and that's what led to the increase we implemented and announced at the year-end call. Tuck-ins are a priority; I did not announce a tuck-in this quarter, right. And I would have loved to have announced a tuck-in this quarter. But nothing has changed there either, which is our criteria to do a tuck-in remains at a very high level. It needs to make strategic sense. It needs to be -- make more sense under Broadridge's umbrella than a private equity umbrella, and therefore, it needs to be able to give us a 20% IRR without any crazy terminal value calculation or things of that nature. As we continue to generate cash, we believe that Broadridge itself is a very good value. And if we weren't able to do tuck-ins at a level, and I emphasize tuck-ins, at a level, that we believe was with in line with what we wanted. We also believe that Broadridge is a good value, okay, given our confidence in the future. But we will never be telling you when we will be doing share buybacks until after we do them, right, because we don't want to create any front-running-type opportunities out there. So when I say nothing's changed, our philosophy around this has not changed. Our commitment to using cash because of our confidence in the future is as high as it's ever been to create shareholder value because the one thing with Broadridge that has been remarkably consistent since the spin, including the financial crisis, is our ability to create strong free cash flow consistently every year since we've spun.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to ask, I guess, one more clarification question on the pipeline for closed sales. With the comment that both -- Rich, you said that you describe the pipeline as being robust and growing. So with $32 million flowing out of the pipeline this quarter, is it safe to say that a similar amount has flowed back in as far as potential new business in the early stage of the pipeline?
Richard J. Daly: Chris, it is absolutely a growing pipeline. So that means whatever we close is more than exceeded by what we're adding. I'm highly confident to making that statement. The strong start is something, as I put, I'm very pleased. You guys know me for a long period. I use the term very pleased sparingly, all right. There's no question, I'm very pleased. As a matter of fact, my cardiologist is very pleased. So it's a great start, all right. And -- but think about the product growth that we've created, and I really mentioned -- I wanted to mention this on George's. Think about the product growth we created. So there were deals in that sales and recurring revenue closed sales number that weren't products 3 years ago, right? There are things related to the acquisitions out there. There are things related to the emerging products we created, all right. And at Investor Day, you're going to get a better view, although given all the irons we have in the fire, a 3- to 4-hour Investor Day presentation still won't be adequate. But what you will be hearing from the leaders of the businesses is they're confident in their ability to control their destiny without relying on market activity. And so it is going to come down to Net New Business, and we've been making investments for quite a while. It's nice to see the great start to the year. What will matter is the overall sales results for the year, which we remain confident in achieving our guidance. And there's no question though that if we had done more than $32 million based on the product we're adding, the acquisitions we've done, the Broadridge brand growing in the marketplace and this whole cost mutualization theme that is putting lots of pressure on all of our clients that get rid of and reduce non-differentiating costs, it puts us in a very strong position. I want to add one other thing to why our pipeline is more credible than most companies' pipelines. We have made and continue to make and have always made strong investments in cyber security as well. And our industry right now has reached a heightened level of focus on their own cyber security and the cyber security of those they do business with. And we're still 1 of 9 entities, I believe, it is in financial services overall, that has an ISO 270001 certification. It's not an easy thing to achieve, all right. It separates our fact and position from our competitors' hearsay. So it's things of that nature that also give us added confidence in why doing business with Broadridge is a better choice. Even though we may not be the lowest cost, we are clearly the best value.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just shifting gears a little bit. I wanted to ask a question about some -- a major set of new stories this past quarter has been around investment manager changes at PIMCO and Janus, and there's tens of billions of dollars sloshing back and forth between different mutual funds. Does any of that have any implications for your event-driven mutual fund proxies? Or any other types of distributions? Or is it -- does it not trigger the kinds of activities that are good for Broadridge?
Richard J. Daly: Chris, it's a great question. I'm not going to -- PIMCO is something that generates market activity. By the way, the markets going up and down the way they did -- I'm sorry, down and up the way they did in October, certainly generates a lot more market activity. Things that generate market activity are good for us. I particularly like things that generate market activity positively. So a market going down generating market activity is not positive long term in terms of investor confidence. A market going down and up is a little tougher to call, but I don't call it negative in any way. So when people decide that they want to be out of a specific investment, all right, that will create a transaction, okay. And if that money, which in most cases it does, goes into another investment, that creates an offsetting transaction. So if somebody hypothetically went out of a fund and into a new fund, okay, we'd have one trade if it was done through a client of ours, we'd have one prospectus fulfillment prior to the transaction, and then we'd have the same recurring revenue around the recurring communication requirements under the regulations. What often happens, Chris, is when people, whether it be go from one fund manager to another, or from one class to another, equity to bonds or bonds to equities, what we see is that they often hold part of the original investment and then go into another investment. And what that does, it generates the trade, it generates the prospectus around the trade, but it doubles the recurring revenue around the asset servicing because it went from 1 fund position to 2 fund positions. So the one thing that's been a really neat recurring revenue growth driver around here has been mutual fund position growth, and that remains true today. I don't think the PIMCO situation dramatically added to that activity, although it's I'm sure part of a net add.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Stephanie Davis on for Tien-tsin. ICS saw solid margins in the quarter despite the event-driven softness. So what sort of contribution margins are you seeing from the emerging and acquired businesses?
James M. Young: Stephanie, yes, ICS on the new businesses typically carry a higher margin. I don't think we've cited an exact margin, but if that business runs at a margin -- as you recall our guidance is in the 17.7% to 19.3% range -- forgive me, that's for SPS; for ICS kind of in the mid-18% range. Those new businesses are much higher than that. You can think of them almost 2x of that -- that may be a bit generous, but much higher margins on the new businesses that are in that ICS portfolio.
Stephanie J. Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Good to hear. And is there any other color you can share on the international pipeline?
Richard J. Daly: The APTP transaction is the thing that, as I pointed out in the past, really was a game changer for us internationally. By being partnered with Accenture, we went from having a relatively small sales force covering everything outside of North America, to now we have the Accenture machine, which is regularly in every financial institution around the world, including outside of North America, consistently presenting the opportunity for APTP at these organizations. What we have found in some of these dialogues is, when we've brought into the dialogue as the processing expert in the APTP transaction, it's enabled us to discuss some of our other offerings, whether it be Broadridge City Networks, which is a reconciliation product, Bonaire or other type of transactions. So part of that growing pipeline that we've discussed reasonably at length in the Q&A today is also tied to some of our international opportunities.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Richard J. Daly: Well, Benita, thank you. And -- so Jim and I want to thank all of you for participating today. We do look forward to meeting with you in the near future at our upcoming investor launch on November 11 and hope that you will join us for our upcoming Investor Day, again, which will be held in New York City on December 11. So it's a little cloudy, drizzling here in beautiful downtown Lake Success, 2 blocks outside of the New York City tax district. But right now, inside of Broadridge it's a pretty sunny day. We're certainly going to choose to have a great day. We hope you do as well. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James M. Young - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Stephen Searle
Operator: Good morning. My name is Janesha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone for the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to David Ng, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you, Janesha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 results. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Young, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now, everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risks. These risks are summarized on Slide 1, and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors we face by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2014 earnings results and fiscal year 2015 earnings guidance, exclude the impact of acquisition and amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of any non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for fiscal year 2014, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Jim Young will then review the financial results with further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. Now I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, let me just take a minute to officially welcome Jim Young to the call. As you all know, Jim joined us from Visa as our Chief Financial Officer in June. I'm very pleased to have him here and look forward to working with him going forward. On the same note, I'd like to thank both Mike Liberatore, who served as our acting Principal Financial Officer and Dave Lisa, who served as our acting Principal Accounting Officer. Mike and Dave did a tremendous job. The executive team and I would like to thank them for their hard work, dedication and value to the organization during this CFO transition. I am pleased that Mike will remain on the finance team as a Senior Vice President, reporting to Jim. Among his duties, Mike will stay involved with the investor community. David will resume his prior responsibilities as our Corporate Controller. Let's begin on Slide 3 with the key points we hope that you will take away from this call. To start, we recorded another fiscal year of record results, with strong execution from both business segments, which has positioned us very well for continued strong performance into fiscal year 2015. Fiscal year 2014, during which both businesses contributed to the top and bottom line. This included growth in our emerging and acquired product solutions. The positive impact from slightly favorable market conditions and improved productivity. In addition to these record results in fiscal year 2014, our accomplishments were aligned to our long term growth strategy, which included the completion of 2 strategic tuck-in acquisitions, meaningful investment into the business, primarily focused on the 3 macro trends. A successful recurring revenue closed sales year highlighted by the June close of a large transaction with Fidelity Investments. And the introduction of new solutions to address our clients' evolving demands. The next key message for you to hear is that our fiscal year 2015 guidance demonstrates our commitment to be a sustainable, top quartile performer, with a clear focus on successful execution on the activities within our control. Our projected non-GAAP earnings growth of 8% to 12% is expected to originate from Net New Business, which we define as implemented recurring revenue closed sales, less client losses, continued successful execution of our 2014 acquisitions and further productivity improvements, essentially all the activities that are within Broadridge's control. We are not relying on the same level of growth from market-based activity that we experienced in fiscal year 2014, as these revenue drivers are not within our control. This holds especially true for the less predictable trading and trading support-related activities. We would rather be viewed as slightly conservative as opposed to being in a position, where we would have to explain a negative outcome that is outside of our control. Regardless, I view the current market conditions as a slight breeze at our backs versus a steady tailwind. Even if the market conditions are slightly weaker than we planned, our guidance range should remain within our reach. Given the success and importance of investing in our growth through our emerging products, we have included in our guidance approximately $40 million of investments, which is slightly higher than last year's investment levels. Big picture. I view, our fiscal year 2015 plan as the strongest plan we have ever compiled. Our plan strikes the right balance between earnings growth and an appropriate level of investment into the future, and does not depend upon market-based activities for growth. As a result, Broadridge is well-positioned to achieve its guidance. I am very pleased with how we are set up for fiscal year 2015. We remained steadfast in our continued commitment to build stockholder value through effective capital stewardship. This includes paying a meaningful dividend, investing in our business, pursuing tuck-in acquisitions, and emerging and engaging -- excuse me, an opportunistic share repurchases. We can execute all of the above while maintaining our investment-grade rating. Broadridge's capital stewardship capabilities have and will continue to create meaningful stockholder returns. Let's move on to Slide #4, our fiscal year 2014 highlights. I am very pleased with our financial results. Recurring revenues were up 9%, and total revenues were up 5% versus the comparable period in fiscal year 2013. Both revenue results are new highs for Broadridge. The revenue increases were driven by Net New Business and internal growth, influenced by slightly favorable market conditions. Due to the operating leverage generated from higher recurring revenues and the actions that we have undertaken that have improved productivity, we have another record year in earnings per share. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased by approximately 20% to $2.25 from the prior year. The GAAP diluted earnings per share increase was at 25% to $2.12. We achieved a strong earnings growth, while continuing to position our business for future success. During fiscal year 2014, we are fortunate to have had the ability to invest $34 million in initiatives to leverage the 3 key macro trends that are impacting our industry. They are: The digitalization of investor communications; cost or capability utilization; and intelligence created from our unique data. Jim will be covering these investments in a little more detail. We had another record year in recurring revenue closed sales, which were up 5% to $127 million from $121 million last year. In June, we closed a transaction larger than $5 million per year with Fidelity to provide ICS Outsourcing Solutions, including prospectus delivery, statements, confirms, and other transaction-reporting solutions. We are looking forward to working with Fidelity and converting this transaction into revenues on a timely basis. The strong momentum from the year-end sales performance has carried over into fiscal year 2015. In this July, we closed another transaction larger than $5 million per year, with a major global bank to provide BPO and outsourcing services across both of our business segments. The value of this deal will be included in our fiscal year 2015 [ph] sales pipeline remains robust with multiple sales opportunities. As I mentioned previously, during fiscal year 2014, we continue to invest in our business to ensure we are well-positioned for the future. The expansion of our emerging and acquired portfolio remains an important part of our success. Our most recent advancement in this area came in June, when we, along with Pitney Bowes formed Inlet to increase digital adoption. Inlet is an Internet -- interactive technology platform that will make it easier for companies to electronically distribute statements, bills and other documents to consumers through their selected channels. Inlet enables businesses to send communications to consumers at destinations consumers frequent, such as cloud drives and online banking sites. Ultimately, this will create savings for our clients and enable them to expand their digital footprint. We are rolling out Inlet capabilities to multiple market segments served by Broadridge, including brokers, mutual funds, 401(k) providers and corporate issuers. Our clients have reacted positively to Inlet. We are engaged with them in active dialogues. This is a medium to long term play, but we do anticipate having charter client live on the platform in fiscal year 2015. What is particularly exciting about our expanded digital capabilities is that they are creating additional benefits already. First, we are looking to aggressively grow our digital solution set and believe we are well-aligned to help financial services companies attack the estimated $20 billion they spend annually on print and distribution costs. Second, having a differentiated digital solution set is already helping us win more print and mail outsourcing opportunities. Finally, it is another tool to help us maintain our high client revenue retention rate, as we integrate Inlet and other unique solutions into our core service offerings, even proxy. Fiscal year 2014 also sourced continue to execute on our strategic tuck-in acquisition strategy, which has successfully contributed to our growth. During the year, we completed the acquisitions of Bonaire and Emerald, allowing us to expand in key targeted markets and diversify our differentiated product offerings. The success of both Bonaire and Emerald are excellent examples of how we are able to leverage our brand and distribution channels. In fiscal year 2014, our acquisition portfolio contributed approximately $220 million in recurring fee revenues and $75 million in EBITDA, representing another solid year of growth. Going forward, our acquisition strategy remains unchanged. And we will continue to target tuck-in acquisitions that have a clear growth profile and returns that add to revenues and are accretive to margins and earnings with an expected 20% internal rate of return. Again, our acquisition strategy has enabled us to increase revenues beyond our organic growth. I remain very pleased with the results and opportunities provided by our acquisitions. As I mentioned earlier, in fiscal year 2014, we continued our commitment to our capital stewardship program. I've already talked about our acquisition activity and the milestones we achieved. Today, we announced that based on our strong free cash flow generation and confidence in the business, we are increasing our annual dividend by approximately 29% to $1.08 per share. We have now increased the dividend in 7 consecutive years, representing an increase every year since we became a public company in 2007. We have also increased our target dividend payout ratio to 45% from 40% of the prior year's non-GAAP net earnings. We've told you that a meaningful dividend is a key aspect of our capital allocation strategy, and we will continue to demonstrate this. Jim will provide his perspective on Broadridge's capital stewardship philosophy. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 1.9 million shares, which brought the full year amount to 2.9 million shares. This activity lowered the remaining share count available for repurchase to 3.8 million shares. Yesterday, the board authorized an additional 6.2 million shares to be available for the repurchase of Broadridge common stock. With this latest authorization, the total available for repurchase is 10 million shares. This authorization should be viewed as prudent practice in order for us to execute on our capital stewardship program and does not indicate a change to our policy. Historically, we have consistently requested for the board to authorize additional common stock share repurchase authorizations, when the amount remaining under the current authorization dropped below 5 million shares. Now let's turn to Slide #5 to discuss our fiscal year 2015 guidance. We anticipate recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7% and non-GAAP earnings growth of 8% to 12%. Similar to our fiscal year 2014 original guidance, the core of this recurring revenue growth will be from net new business, with approximately 60% of revenue from sales already sold and being converted to revenue. Our guidance range assumes a nominal contribution from internal growth as Broadridge intends to grow, based on what we control and not rely on revenue from the less predictable market-based activity components to fuel our growth. With that said, I still believe that the market conditions that gave us benefit in fiscal year 2014, in particular the uplift in trading support and trading-related activities could potentially reoccur. We are simply not banking on it. One item we are banking on that is in our control, is our exceptional client revenue retention rates, which is expected to remain at 98%. Investing in our long-term growth remains an important part of our growth strategy. The success we have realized from investing in our own growth for our emerging products has proven to be a differentiator for Broadridge. We will continue to invest into E&A activities. We have included in our guidance approximately $40 million of investments, which is slightly higher than last year's investment levels. These investments will be vetted and approved in the first half of fiscal year 2015 and are generally executed in the second half. However, we will not make all of these future investments until time proves that achieving our full year guidance is more certain. For fiscal year 2015, we expect recurring revenue closed sales to be in the range of $110 million to $150 million. Fiscal year 2015 is already off to a good start and our sales pipeline remains robust and provides us with more opportunities to execute on closing large deals. Going forward, we have decided to no longer distinguish between core and strategic deals, which are our sales over $5 million within our guidance metrics. The more important metric is when sales, small or large, core or strategic, will convert to revenue. A prime example of this is the recent Fidelity deal. Fidelity is a strategic deal that is expected to be implemented within 12 to 18 months. Any large deal that will take several years to implement, we will highlight separately. And finally, free cash flow is expected to be in the range of approximately $320 million to $370 million, which will enable us to continue to focus on our capital stewardship program. Broadridge has always been a strong generator of free cash flow. Overall, our momentum and our plan for the year, give us more confidence than ever to achieve the growth goals. We believe, our fiscal year 2015 plan sets a path to solid revenue and earnings growth, while maintaining the flexibility to increase investments into the business without dependence from market-based activities at last year's level. Today and going forward, we have greater control over our growth from Net New Business, and the success of our emerging and acquired product portfolio. This approach not only provides us with multiple ways for Broadridge to drive results, but enables us to continue to execute on our clear strategy for growth. This plan coupled with the dividend increase, positions us well to deliver another year of top quartile performance. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, who will go into more detail about fiscal year 2014 and our fiscal year 2015 guidance.
James M. Young: Thank you, Rich. Good morning, everyone. It's a privilege to join Rich and this high-caliber management team, and all of the deeply committed and engaged associates at Broadridge. To start, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on the business. Before taking this job, I did a lot of due diligence on the company. And my first 6 weeks have affirmed many of the special attributes that drove me to Broadridge. First, leadership position. Broadridge is a trusted and vital partner to many of the largest financial services firms in the world. Second, importance. This is a business whose core products and services are woven into the fabric of the capital markets and their mission-critical processes. Third, opportunity. Broadridge's brand and track record give it permissions to expand the sets of services and products it offers. And the company is successfully doing this today through a series of focused and carefully-calibrated investments. And finally, as a result of all this, strong and resilient free cash flow. The combination of growing and predictable recurring revenue and low capital intensity has enabled the business to demonstrate a clear capacity to generate stable and significant free cash flow. Further, the company has proven itself as good stewards of shareholder capital and committed to delivering strong and sustainable total shareholder return. I'll come back to this topic at the end. Turning to our results. I will review our fiscal year 2014 performance and provide some more specifics on our guidance for next year. I will start with a few call outs on the year before turning to the details on Slide 6. This fiscal year 2014 revenue growth of 9% and total revenue growth of 5% came in as projected last quarter at the high end of the increased revenue guidance provided in Q2. Our recurring revenue growth, even without the healthy contributions for market-based activities was robust. Both ICS and SPS performed well and contributed to a record performance, inclusive of the significant investments we made in both businesses. With respect to these investments, we successfully put to work $34 million, with particularly heavy spend in the fourth quarter. To close out the reporting on these monies, the distribution of the total spend was as follows: $12 million in ICS; $16 million in SPS; and $6 million at a corporate level. Finally, non-GAAP EPS growth of 20% for the year landed us at the high end of our range, which had accounted for this level of investment. Let's turn to Slide 6 for some specifics. All commentary here will be on the full fiscal year 2014. I'm on the first yellow stripe on the page. Total recurring revenue grew 9%, outpacing our guidance range of 7% to 8%. The driver of this outperformance was internal growth, specifically higher than anticipated stock record growth in the proxy season, and earlier-in-the-year contributions from interim communications and trading and trading support activities which, of course, include post-sale fulfillment. Excluding internal growth, our recurring revenues grew 5% on the strength of our Net New Business, and were in line with the high end of our range. This healthy level of recurring revenue growth, translated into 5% total revenue growth, also at the high end of the range. Greater operating leverage and strategic productivity initiatives continued to expand non-GAAP EBIT margins. They were up 160 basis points in fiscal year 2014 to 16.4%, largely in line with the low end of our guidance, given the heavy back-end loaded investment. To put these investments in further perspective, the margin expansion year-over-year, would've been close to a full 3 percentage points without them. Finally, we picked up some additional discrete tax benefits in the fourth quarter, which brought our full year effective tax rate down to 33.6%, below our guidance of 35.7%. The strong revenue performance, margin improvement and the tax benefits all contributed to our 20% non-GAAP EPS growth, even with the significant investments. Moving on to our guidance. Still on Slide 6, at the far right. And I'll start with revenue. Our guidance again calls for recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%, and total revenue growth of 4% to 6%. Looking at the buildup of the range, you can see that the recurring growth ranges track very closely to what we saw in fiscal year 2014, with similar contributions from Net New Business about 4 to 5 points of recurring growth. The major call out, as you compare fiscal year 2014 to our guidance range, is the absence of a material contribution from internal growth, which contributed a full 4 points last year. As I have learned in assessing our plan and drivers, the 4 points of internal growth in fiscal year 2014 are the largest contribution for market-based activities we have seen since the spin over 7 years ago. Therefore, it is prudent to assume a contribution level more in line with recent historical norms, with the understanding that we can't control the market activity variables. The plan relies on the strong closed sales momentum we have achieved. As Rich mentioned, approximately 60% of the growth in closed sales recurring revenue is expected to come from business we closed in prior years and are now converting. In addition, the Emerald acquisition completed in February will contribute another point of growth. As a reminder, we don't include in our guidance any assumption about future acquisitions. For total revenue growth, our guidance anticipates a bit more lower margin distribution activity than we saw in fiscal year 2014, which is expected to yield another 1 to 2 points of total revenue growth. Rounding out the revenue picture, event-driven is expected to be flat to fiscal year 2014. This, coupled with recurring revenue growth, results in a 4% to 6% total revenue growth range. Again, assuming no major tailwinds nor headwinds for market-based activities. Non-GAAP EBIT margins. We anticipate further expansion from 16.4% in fiscal year 2014 to 17.6% in fiscal year 2015, at the midpoint of the range, as we continue to benefit from operating leverage and productivity improvements. Importantly, this margin expansion contemplates greater investment levels than those in fiscal year 2014. Our plan calls for investment in the neighborhood of $40 million. We are committed to reinvesting in our business to generate more organic growth, while still applying Broadridge's disciplined approach to investing, high hurdle rates and clear accountability. Just a word on how we plan to deploy these investment dollars. We will closely monitor our performance over the year, especially in the first half and pace out the investment accordingly. As Rich said, we will carefully vet our investment opportunities before proceeding. This approach ensures good discipline and gives us good flexibility to deliver on our guidance. In the future, I look forward to providing you a more macro perspective on how we think about and plan investment in the business. Finally, please note that we are guiding to a 35% tax rate for fiscal year 2015. This should give you a clear sense of how we built our plan and arrived at our guidance of non-GAAP EPS growth of 8% to 12%, where an EPS range of $2.42 to $2.52. One final thought on guidance as you develop your models. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, please remember that we posted very strong earnings in the first half of fiscal year 2014, driven in part by strong market-based activities. As a result, we are anticipating the first half of fiscal year 2015 to have tough compares on a year-over-year basis. Fiscal year 2015 should be more in line with the historical distribution, where approximately 40% of annual revenue and about 20% of related EBIT fall in the first half. And within the first half, we might expect to see more of a 50-50 split of revenue and EBIT between Q1 and Q2. Turning to Slide 7, in ICS. The ICS business continues to perform well with stock record growth of 8%, and mutual fund position growth of 11% in fiscal year 2014. You will see though, a downshift in the recurring revenue growth from the 11% in fiscal year 2014 to the 6% to 9% in our fiscal year 2015 guidance. This is a function of the key internal growth assumptions we discussed earlier and is magnified here. Again, the plan calls for tempered expectations in line with recent historical norms. Generally, ICS guidance anticipates slight acceleration of recurring revenue growth from Net New Business, and the expansion of non-GAAP EBIT margins by another 70 to 100 basis points, with more investment planned as highlighted earlier. Turning to Slide 8, in SPS. In fiscal year 2014, SPS improved its non-GAAP EBIT margins to 17% through a series of strategic productivity initiatives, which yielded more than 4 points of margin expansion from fiscal year 2013. We anticipate more modest expansion to about 18% in the midpoint of our range in fiscal year 2015, even with the increased levels of investment. For fiscal year 2015, we are projecting 3% to 4% recurring revenue growth from Net New Business, driven by sales, for which over 70% has been closed and is currently being converted. This nets to 2% to 4% total recurring revenue growth after accounting for an anticipated slight drag for market-based activities. Before turning it back to Rich, I want to give you my early perspectives on capital stewardship. Broadridge has consistently and clearly communicated its capital stewardship approach, including its priorities, in order, paying meaningful dividends that we have increased every year since becoming a standalone public company, making organic investments, executing tuck-in acquisitions and using excess cash to buy back shares opportunistically to offset dilution and reduce share count. All of this, while maintaining long-term investment-grade, debt ratings. I fully endorse this approach and the philosophy that we return excess cash to shareholders, predictably via dividends, all the while keeping our eye on the most optimal ways to deliver top quartile, total shareholder returns. Specifically, regarding our dividend and targeted payout increase. I have invested significant time analyzing our historical and projected free cash flow, including sources and uses to understand the flow-through from net income, and the resiliency of our free cash flow. It is from this analysis and vantage point that I am very pleased, that we are increasing our targeted dividend payout ratio to 45% from the 40% communicated last year. On a technical note, we continue to define this ratio as current dividends divided by prior year, non-GAAP net earnings. On this basis, we'll be a bit above our target payout ratio in fiscal year 2015, with our newly announced increased dividend. In making this move, we remained steadfast in our commitment to be great steward of our investors' capital, while still having the flexibility to achieve our other priorities and position the company for further growth. With that, back to Rich.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. It's great to have you on the team. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap up. To summarize, I am very pleased with another year of record operating results. We have our strongest momentum ever going into 2015. And I am excited about our value creation prospects as we continue to focus on the strategic execution of our long-term strategy. Our recurring revenues continue to provide us with a solid foundation on which to build. The sales pipeline is expansive and growing, and we have already closed a large transaction for fiscal year 2015. And we expect to maintain our exceptional, client revenue retention rate. Our growth model is based on activities we can control with a focus on the contribution from recurring revenue closed sales. Today, we have more control over our growth, which is provided by Net New Business and the success of our emerging and acquired product portfolio. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance is reflective of a lower contribution to our growth from the favorable market-based activities over what we experienced in fiscal '14. We believe this is prudent. We will continue to invest in areas of the business that provide strategic growth opportunities and are in line with the 3 key macro trends. It is through our disciplined investment execution in new, emerging and strategic tuck-ins that we are closer to our long-term goal of achieving top quartile returns, regardless of normal market fluctuations. We remain committed to our capital stewardship program, which prioritizes paying a meaningful cash dividend, investing in our business, pursuing tuck-in acquisitions and engaging in opportunistic share repurchases. Our confidence in the business remains higher than it has ever been. And Broadridge has never before been better-positioned for the long-term than we are today. With the completion of 2 strategic tuck-in acquisitions, significant ongoing investments in the 3 primary macro trends, a successful recurring revenue closed sales year, punctuated with the June close of a large transaction with Fidelity Investment, and the introduction of new solutions to address our clients' evolving demands, we are well-positioned on our journey to achieve sustainable top quartile stockholder returns going forward. Finally, as we close out another year, I'd like to again take this opportunity to personally acknowledge and thank our extraordinary associates. I am extremely proud and grateful for their continued contributions to the success of Broadridge. Our associates' very high levels of publicly recognized engagement and extraordinary talent enables us to be one of the top service providers in the industry. Their commitment, day in and day out, provides us with great value that we bring to our clients and stockholders. I'll now turn the call over to the operator, and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Rich, can you comment on the 10% position growth within corporate proxies in the fourth quarter? I guess 8% for year, that 8% for the year, that's a very strong number. Can you talk about some of the things that may have contributed to that number? And what type of position growth would be embedded in your guidance for '15?
Richard J. Daly: Sure, Pete. We were certainly pleased with the activities. The market, certainly, was strong last year. And so having 8% overall for the year, versus, as you know because you've been following us for quite some time, that's a pretty nice increase over slightly above being flat, okay. So we look at that and said, it felt great. That's part of the market base activity we're not relying on next year. So you should look at the 8% overall for the year being 3% in what we're thinking about for '15.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then similarly on the event-driven side. The $153 million guide that you're providing for fiscal '15, is about 10% higher than kind of what you've guided to, on average, for the last 3 or 4 years. Do you have a little bit more visibility to near-term event driven? I guess I would've assumed that $153 million would have been closer to $140 million in terms of a guide.
Richard J. Daly: I'm not exactly sure where you are right now. But we're viewing event-driven as being flat next year. So that -- so there may be pieces that are getting us to a slightly different place in this dialogue. But you should view event-driven overall as being relatively flat. Jim why don't you comment on that as well.
James M. Young: Yes. Just to confirm in our buildup, contributing 0 points in growth, relatively flat year-over-year, similar in '14 low levels, have been prior periods where it has produced a little bit of volatility. But again -- and the way we're building the year and looking out of what we can see, relatively flat.
Richard J. Daly: Right. So actual numbers to actual numbers, you're looking at Jim.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it, I can see the numbers here on Slide 17, I think.
James M. Young: $156 million going to $153 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Very nice to see the 29% dividend increase.
Richard J. Daly: Well, we've been consistent in our views of the importance of capital stewardship and the first part of that for us has always been pay a meaningful dividend.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So with the payout ratio continuing to increase, Rich, and with your former parent now having a payout ratio of approximately 60%, my question is, how high can you comfortably take the payout ratio and leave yourself enough cash for acquisitions and share repurchase?
Richard J. Daly: Yes, David. The comparison to ADP is something that, for purposes of this, given the difference in our business models, I don't think will be any basis for what we do going forward. With that said, the thing that has been consistent for Broadridge from Day 1, is the consistent strong generation of free cash flow. So -- of the things that I'm confident in, it's tough to find one that I have more confidence in than that, investing in the business has proved to be very good for our stockholders. We intend to continue to do that. When Jim and I sat down, which was really from the first day he got here and started to talk about what would be the right thing for the board to consider, right. When we went through this, creating that meaningful increase in no way inhibits our ability to invest in the business for growth. So as we gain more comfort, okay. We will consider dividend increases going forward. Right now, we believe we've gotten to a very good place with the 45% trailing payout ratio. And when we reached the same conclusion that it will have no impact on our ability to grow, we would consider it going forward but we've got a full year ahead of us, David. So we feel good where we are. And that will always be a high-priority dialogue of consideration every year at Broadridge.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Understood. It seems there's a little bit of a shift in your thinking on investment spending from the March quarter call. I thought back then you were signaling that $10 million was definitely ongoing. There might be a little bit of a dividend, i.e. some significant portion of the $33 million might come back to shareholders this year. So my question is, what really changed in your thinking over the last few months, such that you would actually increase the investment spending this year versus FY '14?
Richard J. Daly: Well Dave, I don't really believe there's been a shift. What was very clear of what we spent last year, we knew that about $10 million was going to convert into run rate, particularly as it related to our digital activities, right. And remember in March, we still have to get through the most significant quarter, right. And on top of that, then we need to create our plan for the following year. Our absolute desire, and I believe I said on more than one occasion, if '15 got to repeat '14, where we create an acceptable plan that gives us a clear ability to deliver top quartile returns for stockholders, invest in the business to fuel more growth, control destiny, right, and not be dependent on market activities, that would be the perfect place for us to be. But we, because of the onetime investments we made last year, we were confident of our ability and that's what we shared after our third quarter, are confident in our ability to create a good '15 plan, because we had that onetime spend which didn't have to repeat to have a successful '15. We're really in the best position right now because we have investment which would fuel future growth. We've proven to be good executors of investing in products on our own, beyond the top guns, all right. And we're not relying on market activities. So what I also said back then was if we were forced to repeat this year, and have a stronger year, that will be terrific. What we don't want to do is be executing well and but because of something outside of our control, come back and say, "Gee, could've, would've, should've, it didn't quite get where we want it to." So this is the strongest plan we've ever presented to the street because we have multiple ways to get there. We're not dependent on market activities at the levels from even the prior year, right. If those levels were to repeat, okay, which would be anybody on this call guess as good as mine, okay, that will be a high class problem to have. And unlike last year, we already have the investment level on the business that we think is about right for us to manage going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If we look at your outlook for next year maybe specifically focusing on the trade revenues, it seems you're sort of looking at flattish volumes. Is that a fair way to think about it or maybe you can give us a sense of the banded range that you're thinking about in your guidance?
Richard J. Daly: I'm going to have Jim comment and I'll give you the business perspective behind that.
James M. Young: Yes, on the trade volumes, on balance flattish is fair. It's a deceleration in -- let me just rephrase that, it's a deceleration in growth, for sure, probably a little bit better than flattish on balance.
Richard J. Daly: And George, given what you do for a living, you have a better perspective on this than I do. Will the market slightly correct, are we just taking a breather, are we going to go to the next level? We don't run the business spending a lot of time thinking about that. We run the business spending the vast majority of our time looking to drive this to the next level in terms of product, all right, and identifying tuck-ins that meet our very, very high criteria. So I'm very pleased, as I just mentioned to David as well, that we're now positioned that we really can put together a plan with the revenues within our control. Last year they made a great contribution and it wound up enabling us to raise our guidance, enabled us to have a very strong results of 20% earnings growth on a non-GAAP basis, 25% on a GAAP basis, right. And if this revenue is to continue at the same levels, it would give us benefit beyond what we have in our plan, that we experienced -- at the same level that we experienced last year. But if you go on a month-by-month basis, if you go on a day-by-day basis, this really is a prudent place for us to be. And we'll certainly, every quarter, give you a view on what we experienced and will reflect that in our numbers as we go forward for the year.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's great color. I can tell from a vantage point, no one is terribly excited about volumes here. So I appreciate you're incorporating that in. And just looking at the outlook for ICS, which is again very strong, I think you're talking about a range of 6% to 9% growth in the recurring revenue. That's up a little bit from, I think, where you guided initially last year. I think you came out with a range of 6% to 8%. So I'm just wondering what sort of a contemplated in the higher range, is it just distribution or something else, perhaps?
Richard J. Daly: I'll make a couple of comments and I'll turn it over to Jim for a little more detail. We're starting -- even though we took stock record down from last year, all right. We're starting at a better place than we started last year, okay, with the 3%. The emerging and acquired, that being our biggest segment, that being our most successful segment, that segment has gotten higher percentage of our investments. And those investments are paying returns. So there's not a product that I want to call out here and say, wow, look at this and look at that, but as we dramatically increased our products over the years, and more than doubled them since we've spun, you get $1 million here, you get $2 million there, you get $3 million here, before you know it, you're starting to talk about real money. So that's -- it's the strategy that's enabled us to create a slightly better range at the get-go, all right. And what I really like is we have multiple ways to get to that range of growth.
James M. Young: And George, just to quantify a couple of those points. As you pointed out, there is a good acceleration in the total revenue growth and it's really a function of the strong -- 2 things: one, really the strong recurring revenue growth, in particular a little bit of uptick in the net new business, which is exactly how we want to make our money. Obviously, continued contribution from the Emerald acquisition. And then finally, as you look at that total revenue growth, we had a little bit of drag from some anomalous activity in the event driven areas that go away. But bottom line is very strong recurring revenue growth driven by net new business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to ask one question about the pipeline. Rich, you described it as robust in the prepared remarks. I'm just wondering if you can help us think about how it compares to a year ago at this time and where that looked? And then maybe coming up with 1 case study with the recently signed Fidelity sale, give us a little color maybe on how long it took from initial discussion to closing that one?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. As far as the pipeline goes, it's -- we are very pleased with it, and we believe it's as strong as -- or stronger than it's ever been. And it's pretty easy to feel that way as you're adding product. And as you're seeing good market interest in that product, added to all the opportunities that are there and that we continue to measure and monitor in our pipeline management. So bottom line, pipeline continues to improve. We've invested a lot this year, George, in sales capabilities management that's been part of some of the investments we did, part of some of which that are going to be run rate going forward. And we really would like to see, beyond all the strong momentum we have, the sales results numbers continue to improve, even at a higher rate than they improved last year. A lot of work, a lot of variables. But that will remain a priority for us. Now let's talk specifically about Fidelity. We believe that the investments and they're long-term investments, okay, or at least medium-term investments that we're making in digital, are paying dividends already. Because across our industry, when we share with people how we're going to enable higher digital adoption rates by focusing on the consumer and what they're looking for, we're getting more interest in our overall communication strategy. So we believe that irrespective of any particular client and virtually every client, that's putting us in a stronger position to talk about how we can partner with them and enable their communication strategy to not only be effective today as their customers are receiving it, but really position them without having to make the investments we're making, to take it to the digital age that we're all going into. But financial services, because of regulatory requirements is naturally lagging. We believe our investments, give them the ability to see a future for them, meeting regulatory requirements, specifically meeting the formats their customers want, all right. Whether it be cloud drives or social media or et cetera, all with the data security compliance and meeting all the regulations they need. So we're very, very excited about Fidelity. It's a traditional transaction, all right. But we certainly would like to believe that our commitment, not only to be the best at this that there is today but the investments that we're making in technology to enable it to be a fabulous customer experience going forward, certainly influenced their decision and influencing other dialogues we're having in the marketplace. The last part you asked was how long was the dialogue? You could say it was 6 months, you could say it was 30 years, okay. Certainly there was lots of activity, but I've been in this dialogue with Fidelity for at least 30 years.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Got it. And then on the same topic, was Fidelity a prior customer or this is all new?
Richard J. Daly: No, Fidelity we've had -- we have a meaningful relationship with Fidelity already which we're very, very proud of. And we're delighted to expand that relationship and we have every intention of exceeding our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Niamh Alexander of KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: If I could just touch on the Securities Processing segment. We've kind of expected it slightly better, although I know the volumes industry-wide has been weak. You're less volume-sensitive. Now taking on board that your guidance, you're clearly seeing that you're not expecting growth in our guidance, we're kind of expecting more of the same, and we're trying to be very conservative here. But historically, haven't you kind of really helped a lot of the international brokers over -- get moving in the U.S., and I'm just -- I guess I'm a little concerned that outside of just market trends, there might be maybe a bigger decline in that group, if that particular group is pulling back more severely than others in the U.S. right now. Is that something you've also taken into consideration and then have any of your customers there, have you seen any kind of outside pull back on some of those customers?
Richard J. Daly: Neve, when we look at this, and we've done a lot of work with our strategy group on this, the pullback that they're doing, generally has less to do with the cash markets and more to do with other markets, all right. And so although I will tell you that in the third quarter in particular, when lots of the headlines were coming out, I had pretty significant -- well, I had concerns about what did it mean. When we got behind the covers, it's -- there's one constant that will be there which is change, but the cash markets seemed to be a place that everyone is staying more committed to, all right. And they're getting out some of the, I'll call it trickier, more volatile markets, the ones that are requiring more capital requirements for them. And although candidly I was disappointed for years, we weren't a bigger player in some of those markets, right now I'm probably not at all that disappointed that we didn't make huge bets in those markets. So now that's the color and the candid thinking on my part. Now let's go back to where you started. There will be things that turn out different than we planned on, without question, right. There's so many moving parts in this plan. That's why we looked at this and said, let's talk about what we do control. We have a very high confidence in the revenue that will convert, the closed sales that will convert to revenue this year, all right. We have a very high confidence in our sales pipeline. We have a very high confidence in our E&A activities, all right. When we look at those items and we put market activity at a lower level than it was last year, okay, which is one of the first times we've ever been able to put that in our plan, we look at the investment level we're putting into the business. We know that it's a lot of work to spend the money the right way. And therefore, even if we wanted to spend it today, we have a lot of work to do before we can spend it. As the year plays itself out, all right, we still have the option to hold back some of that investment if what we think was hopefully conservative turns out not to be conservative. So we're going into this year with multiple paths to make our plan. More importantly, we've already made investments in the business. It's highly unlikely we're not going to make good investments into the business again this year. That all adds to more controllable activity, which all adds to us more than likely being in a better position to create an even stronger plan next year with more control of our destiny, recognizing that if our clients shift their business models, okay, I expect it to be that in the cash markets and not that our clients say, you know what, we decided to lock our front door and not proceed in business any longer. That I put into the highly unlikely category.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough, Rich. I mean can I ask, like, with respect to the extra spend, every company should be investing for growth and typically, there's a bit of a lead time to getting the revenue but are there any specific examples you can give me of where last year's specific investments in product or an element of a product is starting to drive some additional revenue already or you have some visibility into getting that revenue?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. A, it's a great question, let's go back to the conversation we I just had on Fidelity. We made this investment, all right. Fidelity, the product is being developed. The product is being rolled out. We're looking to have clients, charter clients running transactions through here in '15, all right. So you could say what return did you get from your investment last year, this year? You increase your run rate. However, now let's go to market, and this is something that we are very, very firm on, people do business with people who are committed to the future as well as today. When we go in as part of any product presentation and demonstrate, this is where we're going to be, from a digital point of view, here's the arrangement we're entering into. Here's what we're doing with Amazon. Here's what we're doing with Pitney Bowes. That clearly differentiates us in a meaningful way. This was not a cost play by Fidelity. This was -- where are we today and how we do it best, okay. And they do a very good job today. And where are we going to be tomorrow and how does it get executed best? Move the investments that we've made into product, all right. Our clients have an enormous amount of demand on them from a regulatory point of view before they even get to a product point of view. So in our Bonaire acquisition, we've seen some very neat returns on that acquisition because their reconciliation capabilities are extraordinary. They've saved many clients significant amounts, one example would be exchange fees, okay, into the 8 digit range, where by reconciling what they actually did to the fees that were charged across the ever-growing execution points of markets, all right, it's an impossible reconciliation unless you have a very strong capability. So the reason that we were able to create the plan we created is because the investments, as you say, every business has and made over the years, because of the strong return we've gotten, we think it's appropriate to ramp it up and you're absolutely right in believing that you should see a stronger return going forward. I would say that for fiscal '15, most people should be able to check that box, very firmly because if you look at this plan and the quality of this plan, we're lowering market activity, we're raising investment, all right, and we're starting out with the strongest starting points that we start with a plan and if market activity continues, we've already got the investment level where we wanted on day 1, which is different than where we were last year. So it's a very good place for shareholders to be and I would call that overall, a very good return on the investments we've made in the past.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask on the -- just on the market-based activities, just some of this math. In the final analysis, how much did market-based sort of upside contribute to fiscal '14, both on revenue and earnings?
James M. Young: So Tien-tsin, this is Jim. Roughly if you think about the 4 points of contribution from the internal growth last year, you can think about that as about $60 million, in that range, coming through a relatively high margins, think north of 60%.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So the 4%, yes, I caught that. But I guess some of that could also be viewed as normal but would you say that's sort of above and beyond normal or sort of how you quantify that, that 60% or the 4%? That's what I was trying to reconcile.
James M. Young: When we look, again, I think we talked about the recent historical norms. Our long-term CAGR has been about kind of a 0 contribution from this. So a little bit up in some years, a little bit down in some years. So we do think about sort of flat being the norm and for being obviously, an extraordinary contribution this year -- this past year.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I understand. And the [indiscernible] is always a scary thing to count on. That's why I wanted to clarify. The last one is just to rehash the quarterly comments for fiscal '15, I get the tough comps commentary on the first half but also I just wanted to make sure that we're layering in the incremental investment as well as that was more 4Q heavy last year, so how would that lay in for fiscal '15 throughout the quarters?
Richard J. Daly: Tien-tsin, before Jim answers that, let me comment again on what you talked about on the market-based activities, because when we look at this it's -- okay, so what would it mean if it repeated? And with so many products and Jim pointed out appropriately, it contributed to a high margin rate. But if that revenue was to -- if it was to be an exact repeat or close to an exact repeat which is highly unlikely, but let's say market-based activities are up and about the same level as last year versus what we put in our plan, you should be thinking, it could be another $0.15. So what's fabulous is to have stronger market activity and be able to put together a plan, where you say, gee, is it going to reoccur? Because if you look at our 5 -- 7 years as a public company, a plot point of 1 is not a good way to draw a line on what the activity is going to be. So but if it was to repeat, it's $0.15, round numbers. Now to be able to put together a plan for the next year as strong as the plan we put together, with the investments we have in it, and not rely on that $0.15, is why I'm saying, without question, this is the strongest plan we've ever created.
James M. Young: And Tien-tsin, Jim, just come back to your question on the quarterization [ph], really the investments spend will have a similar profile in terms of timing. Remember, as heavily second half, in fact even heavily fourth quarter loaded, this past year, something in the order of $25 million of the $34 million. And as Rich said, we're going to use the first 6 months of this fiscal year to vet and prioritize these investments, which means just naturally the investments are going to fall into the second half. So I think those will line up a bit more consistently.
Richard J. Daly: I talk to people all the time, spending money the right way is extremely hard work.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I get it. And I appreciate the model being robust. I'm asking the question because I want to get a sense of just earnings power in general, but you answered it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up, and I think Jim's question addressed some of it, but in terms of qualitative comments in terms of numbers throughout the year, I guess we're expecting kind of a more normalized spread of earnings through the year, a little bit more back-end loaded with potentially EPS in the first half, down 15% to 20%, and really most of the earnings growth coming in the second half. Is that the correct way to interpret it?
James M. Young: Yes, without kind of confirming any one of those numbers, that's correct. And sort of an even split within Q1, Q2, there'll be some lumpiness for sure but I think you captured my comments correctly.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as long as I'm on, Rich, I just have a one follow-up question. On the hedge fund administration space, I was intrigued by your acquisition of Paladyne now 2 years ago, do you see a further opportunity to acquire or grow the range of services provided at the buy side?
Richard J. Daly: We are very pleased with where Paladyne now is. And Paladyne actually had a nice sales year. So we're extremely pleased with that as well. When we look across the acquisition tuck-in space, the buy side, as it relates to Paladyne, and either one getting expanded product for Paladyne, or market share for Paladyne, is something that gets considered along with the other pieces in our product portfolio. The criteria for us and the challenge for us whether it be Paladyne or anything else, is finding something that if it meets the strategic fit, which this would, it's got to meet that hurdle rate of a 20% IRR. So last year, we looked at more transactions than ever. We had a pretty average year in terms of what we actually successfully closed. We're not changing the discipline that's worked for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Searle of Conning Asset Management.
Stephen Searle: I was wondering with respect to your cash balances, how much of that is offshore? And then just what your approach is to repatriating that with respect to your higher dividend payout and other cash uses?
Richard J. Daly: Before I turn it over to Jim, let me give you one perspective, because it ties directly to what we just talked with on the tuck-in acquisitions. We are hopeful that we will be able to use some of the offshore cash for transactions outside of the U.S. We are very pleased with the extension of our portfolio, and particularly in Canada, which is a very, very good market for us and we probably have better market shares in everything we do in Canada versus even the U.S. But with the Accenture transaction, with APTP, we're still very excited about that. And so we've got lots of meaningful opportunities globally. And unrelated to this call, last week I sat down with our strategy team, including the head of M&A, and tried to have a better understanding, specifically on this part of the dialogue about how we can ramp up our efforts, not to change our criteria, not to lower our standards, but to source more transaction. With that I'll turn it over to you, Jim.
James M. Young: Perfect. And to put the numbers to it, for the cash balance of $348 million, $348 million, $152 million of that is domestic. To your question, $151 million is foreign, the balance in regulatory. And to Rich's point, Rich said it perfectly, which is we see plenty of opportunity outside the U.S. so we feel good about putting those dollars to work.
Richard J. Daly: And we still have the opportunity well within our investment grade focus to draw down as well.
Stephen Searle: Do you envision a scenario where you need to -- you would want to add more debt to offset the inability to get some of the cash?
Richard J. Daly: I'm sorry, offset the debt to the cash? Did I hear that correctly?
Stephen Searle: Are you willing to add more debt to your balance sheet to the extent you can't get to the cash, where you have greater needs?
Richard J. Daly: So we view very prudently that 2-to-1 debt to EBITDA ratio is something -- and I worry about everything, I won't be worried about that in any way, shape or form, and I'll let Jim comment on it. So we have room with our lines and other activities to get to that if the cash need was to be there. We look at transactions and because we're focused on tuck-ins, it's unlikely, because of the work required to get them done, that anything on the near-term horizon wouldn't be able to be met with either our cash balances or staying within the 2-to-1 debt to EBITDA ratio. I'm not willing to ever say never to anything, because if there was a transaction that could create meaningful shareholder value that fits within our criteria, we would love to be interested in that. Then when people say, okay, wow, it sounds like you're changing your view. I'm not changing my view because I can't even give you one example of a transaction that would fit that criteria. With that, Jim, any other comments?
James M. Young: Nothing to add. I think the takeaways are that we're following our capital stewardship closely. We've got ample cash, as Rich said, we are -- we've got room as you look at leverage ratios and when we've got good activities and good uses for those proceeds, we're very open to that. We've got -- again, the key takeaway is with a strong free cash flow that we have, we've got a lot of flexibility.
Operator: I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Well, thank you for all participating today. Jim, David, Mike and I are looking forward to being with you in the near future. We have an investor luncheon Tuesday the 12. And if you could be there, we'd love to see you and continue this dialogue. I normally suggest to people to choose to have a great day, I guess you could take a guess that it's not going to be that tough for us to do at Broadridge. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Managing Director, Investor Relations Rich Daly - President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Liberatore - Acting Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Niamh Alexander - KBW David Togut - Evercore Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill George Mihalos - Credit Suisse Peter Heckmann - Avondale Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers’ remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now turn the conference over to David Ng, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng - Managing Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. This morning I am here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Liberatore, our Acting Principal Financial Officer. By now, I hope that everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release that we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today’s earnings call and webcast will be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today’s conference call, we will discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risks. These risks are summarized on Slide 1 and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2014 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition and amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now, let’s turn to Slide 2 and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the third quarter and year-to-date fiscal year 2014, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Mike Liberatore will then review financial results in further detail. Rich will then provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A portion of the call. And I will turn over the call to Rich. Rich?
Rich Daly - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, David and good morning everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 with the key points we hope you will take away from this call. First, we delivered another quarter of record results led by net new business referred to as recurring revenue closed sales less client losses combined with favorable market conditions that continue to provide a slight tailwind. We are executing against our long-term strategy further strengthening our positioning as a key provider of mission-critical solutions to the financial services firms that reduce our clients’ non-differentiated costs and enhance their ability to drive growth. Second, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for the year. And we expect our revenue and EPS results to be in the upper half of their respective ranges. We are well into our seasonally strongest and most predictable quarter. And the momentum in both businesses coupled with record results to-date provide a solid foundation as we begin setting our financial and operating targets for fiscal year 2015. Third, in our seven years as a public company, our confidence in our business is higher today than it has ever been. Broadridge’s focus has always been on controlling what we can control and taking actions to drive our growth. Our execution on this front is resulting in growth and meaningful contributions from both of our business segments, including emerging and acquired product solutions, exceptional client revenue retention and a growing and robust sales pipeline. Of course, favorable market conditions have helped Broadridge’s overall results this year. We had taken advantage of our very strong performance this year to increase our investment in the opportunities we see resulting from the three macro trends which we believe are both disruptive and transformative to the industry. Lastly our strong free cash flow generation allows us to maintain our effective capital stewardship program which is prioritizes paying a meaningful dividend, reinvesting in our business including strategic tuck-in acquisitions an opportunistic share repurchases, all while maintaining our investment grade credit rating. We did repurchase approximately 540,000 shares to offset dilution this past quarter. All of this gives us more confidence than ever in our belief that we will be able to deliver sustainable top quartile stockholder returns for years to come. Now, let’s turn to Slide #4 and talk about the quarter’s financial results. Our strong operational and financial performance continued in the third quarter. Recurring revenues were up 9% reflecting a combination of solid increases in both net new business and internal growth as a result of market conditions that remain favorable. Year-to-date recurring revenue is also up a strong 9%. As you know Broadridge’s recurring revenue model provides sustainable operating leverage. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 13% to $0.44. Year-to-date non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was up 46% to $1.08, the primary drivers of the EPS growth were recurring revenue and operating leverage coupled with improved productivity. Our strategic tuck-in acquisition strategy continues to add to our growth. During the quarter, we announced the acquisition of Emerald Connect, a leading provider of solutions based marketing tools that support financial professionals in their efforts to retain clients, generate new business and build their brands. Combining Emerald with Forefield, an acquisition we made in fiscal year 2011 creates the industry’s leading financial advisor client communications solution. Combined, it is a leading portfolio of solutions to support advisors in effectively marketing and building their practices with current and potential clients. This is a great fit and differentiator for our communications solutions. We expect Emerald to be neutral to earnings in fiscal year 2014 on a non-GAAP basis as we continued to integrate it into Broadridge and to begin to be accretive to earnings in fiscal year 2015. Emerald is just the latest example of a successful strategic tuck-in acquisition. Earlier in the year we acquired Bonaire Software Solutions, a leading provider of revenue and expense management solutions for the asset management community. To-date Bonaire is performing better than we expected it would. We are very pleased with this transaction and the opportunities it has brought to Broadridge. I mentioned earlier that we are very confident in the prospects for our business and as a result we are reaffirming our guidance for fiscal year 2014. Within that we anticipate being in the upper half of the range for both revenue and EPS. Based on current views we expect to achieve non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of at least 17%, which when combined with our strong cash flow and capital stewardship program meets our goals of creating and in this year exceeding top quartile returns for our stockholders. Importantly, we are able to meet this goal, while also increasing our investments to maximize our benefits from the trends of digitalization, cost (neutralization) and big data where we continue to see significant growth opportunities. On our last quarter we spoke about increasing fiscal year 2014 investments to $28 million. We are increasing this investment by $5 million for a total fiscal year investment of $33 million. Our strong performance has given us the opportunity to invest more into our long-term growth. Mike will have more to say regarding these investments in a few minutes. Let’s now turn to Slide 5, our closed sales performance. Overall, we continue to be pleased by the growth of our recurring revenue sales pipeline, where we see opportunities for additional business in both of our operating segments. Net new business is the leading revenue driver of recurring revenue growth and we expect that this will continue in fiscal year 2015 and thereafter. For the quarter, recurring revenue closed sales were flat at $24 million. Year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales are up 5% to $62 million. Our emerging and acquired production solutions are becoming an increasingly important aspect of our growth strategy. In the third quarter, our emerging and acquired product solutions made up more than 46% of the recurring closed revenues booked in the period. And we expect this to represent 50% of recurring closed revenues for the year. It is also important to remember that our success on the emerging and acquired product solutions front does not depend on a single major solution propelling the business forward. It is the collective growth of a number of solutions, all focused on meeting the evolving needs of our clients that will continue to drive emerging and acquired and recurring revenue closed sales. By diversifying our product solutions portfolio, we continue to expand our capabilities as the backbone of the financial markets and to increase our ability to successfully adapt to market conditions. There were no transactions of $5 million or more that closed in the quarter. We continue to aggressively pursue all the opportunities in front of us and remain committed to and confident in our ability to execute. So, as we enter our strongest sales quarter, we expect to close at least one large transaction and would be disappointed if that did not happen. We provide mission-critical solutions to our clients and their needs continue to evolve and grow driven by the long-term drivers I mentioned earlier. As clients’ needs increase or change, we are well-positioned to meet them with trusted industry leading solutions. Factoring at least one large transaction greater than $5 million, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2014 recurring revenue closed sales guidance of $110 million to $150 million. Developing and acquiring solutions that enhance our stability and drive our growth is a strategy that has benefited us across the market cycles, including managing through the financial crisis. We are not changing our minds like going forward. Our solutions address two clients’ needs, reducing non-differentiated spending and providing solutions that enhance our clients’ revenue growth. We will continue to create new products that expand our solutions in these areas. And through this effort further strengthen our position in the marketplace and generate additional net new business momentum. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike who will go into more about the quarterly financial results.
Mike Liberatore - Acting Principal Financial Officer: Thanks, Rich. Let’s move to Slide 6, our key financial drivers. Before I get into the details on the slide, I would like to first provide an update on our investment spend. On last call, we shared that we are investing $28 million this fiscal year into our future growth aligned with the three key macro trends. We have decided to increase this amount by $5 million to a revised total of $33 million which equates to about $0.17 on a diluted share basis. This $33 million is expected to be incurred across the businesses as follows: $14 million in the securities processing solutions segment; $12 million in the investor communications solutions segment and the remaining $7 million to be incurred at corporate as certain investments are expected to benefit both segments. Year-to-date we have spent approximately $9 million of the $33 million leaving the remaining amount to be spent in Q4. Last call we also shared that we are projecting that approximately $10 million will incorporated into our ongoing expense run rate for fluid and sales capability investments. This projection has not changed. Now turning your attention to the first yellow stripe on the page, our recurring revenue growth for the quarter and year-to-date is 9%. Contributions from net new business and acquisitions totaled 5 points, which came in as expected and we are on track to meet our full year guidance. The Emerald acquisition which closed in February after the last earnings call is not expected to have a meaningful impact on our financial results this fiscal year as we integrate this tuck-in acquisition. Internal growth led by market based activities came in slightly stronger than expected for the quarter. I will discuss the components of these activities when I get into the segment slides, but big picture we are trending towards the upper end of the 2% to 3% internal growth range for the full year. Let’s move to the next yellow strip, total revenue growth. As a result of the strength of recurring revenue I just outlined, we also expect to achieve the higher end of the 4% to 5% guidance range for fiscal 2014. In terms of our non-GAAP EBIT margins for Q3 year-to-date and the full year expectation, we have been benefiting and expect to continue to benefit from both higher revenue reflecting the scalability of our businesses and planned productivity increases from strategic initiatives. Overall, we are expecting 170 to 230 basis points margin improvement over the prior by GAAP results. This strong margin improvement is inclusive of the impact of the $33 million of investments. If you were to exclude the impact of these investments, I am expecting non-GAAP margins will reflect additional improvements of 130 basis points at both the low and high end of the guidance. As Rich mentioned our exceptional year-to-date results provide us with the confidence that we will achieve the upper half of our full year diluted non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 especially as we progress through our more predictable fiscal quarter. We are pleased that we can achieve the upper half of our guidance range and also increase our investments in future growth. Let’s move into the segments starting with Investor Communications on Slide 7. As we approach year end, we are confident that ICS will achieve or even slightly exceed the higher end of the full year recurring revenue guidance range led by net new business and our two recent acquisitions Bonaire and Emerald. As a reminder any pending or future acquisitions are not incorporated into our guidance until the deal is signed and closed. Accordingly Emerald was not factored into the guidance that we provided in last quarter. We are expecting Emerald to add one quarter of recurring revenue growth to ICS this year and about two points of growth next year. Our market based and event driven activities in aggregate are tracking to our full year guidance. We are seeing higher than expected equity stock record growth as we are better than two-thirds of the way through the proxy season. This is partially offset by lower wholesale activity. If you recall we saw a very strong first half post-sale fulfillment volumes in the second half of ’13 particularly in the fourth quarter, so year-over-year as a tough compare. Our event-driven proxy activity consists here both equity specialty (contests) and mutual funds remains in line of guidance. Turning our focus to ICS EBIP performance, our full year expectation of 110 to 140 basis points of margin improvement remains intact. We are expecting Emerald to be neutral on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal ’14 and be accretive of both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis thereafter. Also ICS’s Q3 margins include the impact of approximately $4 million of the $33 million investment spend I mentioned earlier. Excluding investments ICS’s Q3 margins would have been approximately 100 basis points better than reported demonstrating continued scale and operating leverage of the businesses. Now, let’s turn to Slide 8, which highlights the SPS business. We are reaffirming full year recurring revenue guidance of 4% to 5% led predominantly by net new business. The contribution from net new business is a primary example of what Rich referred to earlier about expanding our solutions and strengthening our position in marketplace to create momentum. Going forward, we think net new business will continue to be a key driver to SPS’ growth. Our equity trading activity driven by favorable market conditions remains strong through the third quarter with year-to-date internal growth averaging 16%, well above our expectations. With that said it is possible that SPS could generate a point of revenue growth from trading and other internal growth activities by fiscal year end. Finally, year-to-date margins were also very strong at 20% represented over 800 basis point improvement as SPS continued to remain focused on executing strategy of being a sustainable top and bottom line contributor. We are still anticipating finishing the year in line with our margin expectations of 70% to 80% as the fourth quarter will be impacted by two items. First, SPS’s portion of the $33 million investment spend, of which $11 million is projected to be spent in the fourth quarter. And two, the impact of a planned consolidation of one of our product lines. Before turning the call back over to Rich, I would like to add that our focus is now planning on fiscal ‘15 and beyond. We look forward to providing fiscal ‘15 guidance in August, as we continue to drive growth and deliver value to our shareholders. Rich back to you.
Rich Daly - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Before turning over to all of you for your questions, let me just wrap up with a few point on Slide 9. We are pleased with our record operating results in the fiscal third quarter and in fiscal 2014 to-date. We built our presence in the market both organically and through our tuck-in acquisitions while maintaining our disciplined approach to maximize inefficiencies and effective stewardship of our strong free cash flow. The result has been record operating performance and a client retention rate of 98%, a testament to our reputation in the markets, an ability to operate as a true partner to our clients in meeting their Mission critical needs. I said it earlier, but it bears repeating. We have growing confidence in our business and our ability to execute. Therefore, we are reaffirming guidance and expect full year revenue and EPS to be in the upper half of the guidance range. Our focus now is on a strong finish of fiscal year 2014 and planning for continued stronger performance in fiscal 2015. Our strategy remains unchanged. We will focus on leveraging the drivers within our control and not assume a continued benefit from market based activities. Should conditions in the markets remain favorable, they will clearly act as a tailwind for our business. They are not baked into our future plans which are entirely focused on generating consistent growth from the drivers that are within our control. Overall, we are well positioned to deliver steady financial growth over the long-term. Our business has evolved significantly over the past several years. We have leveraged our expertise and unique positioning in both segments to develop and introduce the next generation of product solutions to further strengthen our existing client relationships and expand into new opportunities. The benefits of our efforts will continue to be evident as we take our business to the next level enhanced by this year’s meaningful investments into new growth opportunities. Combined with our capital stewardship program, we believe this will translate into substantial value creation and sustainable top quartile returns for our stockholders for years to come. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge our extraordinary and highly engaged associates. Their commitment to excellence and the service profit chain has enabled Broadridge to be what it is today. I am extremely greatful for their efforts and I am proud to report that according to our recently completed great places to work survey, an increasing number of our associates believe that Broadridge is a great place to work. Highly engaged associates work harder to exceed client expectations this remains a true differentiator for Broadridge. With that, we now look forward to taking your questions. Tanisha, back to you?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Niamh Alexander [KBW].
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a nice little beat there. And the expense guidance or the investment guidance and here you have kind of raised to $33 million from $28 million and you have kind of broken it down, thank you for which areas it’s going to be spent on. But exactly, well, these are that you are investing in to do with the Investor Mailbox rollout or I mean I guess it’s in different groups? So, exactly what are you spending the money on?
Rich Daly: Okay, first of all, Niamh, welcome back.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Thank you.
Rich Daly: And so in terms of the opportunities that we had this year, we are pretty excited about where we are positioned in the market. So, in the investor communication space, there is a significant piece of this pie to our digital strategy of which the EBIP, the SEC's EBIP or Investor Mailbox activities is a relatively small part of that, but coming up with an overall digital solution, we had a press release going back a while where we are working with Amazon Web Services to distribute data through that channel to start. We are going to be looking to take the technology that we have developed and distribute communications to other channels because it’s clear to us that people are going to look to live their lives in a way that’s convenient for them and not in a way that’s convenient for the providers meaning nobody wants to live their life by going to 100 or 50 different websites. And that’s a good example. We have other products that we are investing in which we think we can get to market faster and we are taking advantage of that both in the remainder of ICS and in SPS as well.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, Rich. And I guess on the – you brought up EBIP on the Investor Mailbox, it’s not been that long since it got approved by the SEC. So how we think about the lead time to maybe begin to see some revenue fill through from not just implementing the EBIP, but also some of the opportunities you see from that we are only six months past I guess the approval, but is it still a couple of years out or could we start to see some flow through next year?
Rich Daly: Well, the rules are effective January 1 as the new rates scheduling with, and I am glad you raised this, because we have been consistent in saying that we will be neutral or slightly positive, that’s where we expect to be right now in terms of the near-term activity. But by creating a dialogue driven by the SEC around doing more digitally that ties we believe very well into our strategy, because we are looking to provide solutions, not just a proxy and that regulated activity, but for investor communications overall for our clients and it enables us to have a dialogue, because of the new SEC Reg with more intensity around it to show them just how significant our solution can be and how it can drive a better customer experience for their customers, again not just for proxy, but for all their communication activities. So, we are very pleased with the overall momentum and specifically as it relates to the EBIP, it’s rolling out as planned.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, Rich. So do you see as planned, so we start to see some of the benefits flow through in the revenue you think in the next year or it’s still potentially a couple of years out?
Rich Daly: Well, we have eliminated in the core business over 50% of the paper for quite some time now. And this is going up to the balance of the physical paper. So, I view that as part of the evolution, but where our clients are being encouraged to have effectively an Investor Mailbox on their platform, we are expecting the adoption rate to move up. So we are having more conversations. We are investing in more capabilities which you heard about the investments made this year. And we are pleased that we had the opportunity because of the strong results to accelerate those investments. So, it’s not going to be iPhone where everybody, have to have it the next day and lines out the door. It’s going to we believe increase the evolution to digital and it’s going to increase it in a way that’s more reliant on Broadridge.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, fair enough. Thanks Rich. And then just lastly if I could real quick in the SPS segment, I mean we are seeing some fixed income fall off a little bit which is very much in line with what’s going on in the industry in terms of institutional trading activity in that department, but in the equities line there is some really nice growth going on in the other equity services line, is that primarily related to the acquisition – is that kind of flow through from the acquisitions that you have made or is there any particular one item that is driving the strength there?
Rich Daly: We are seeing our clients’ market activity improve in equities and we get a natural benefit from that.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: So other equity, it’s not the equity trading, it’s the other equity services that’s up from $90 million to $140 million year-over-year, does some of the acquisitions help?
Rich Daly: That’s being driven by the net new business.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay. We will follow-up later. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut [Evercore].
David Togut - Evercore: Thank you. Good morning Rich and Mike.
Rich Daly: Good morning.
Mike Liberatore: Good morning.
David Togut - Evercore: Just to start off with on the incremental investment clearly the earnings strength this year gives you the opportunity to step up investment levels, but you have mentioned $10 million of the $33 million will continue into next year, does that mean we effectively have $23 million of additional leverage next year on the bottom line?
Rich Daly: Directionally that’s an accurate statement Dave. So as we put together the plan for next year, it’s a nice place to be where you are dealing with a benefit versus dealing with a grow over. At the same time you should expect us as we put together this plan to follow the trend we did for this year, which is we are not going to bank on market activities, we are going to bank on what we control. I almost view this as being the perfect year, right. And that we set out a plan that was within our control, we got market benefit beyond what we are planning on that enabled us to raise guidance and that benefit was significant enough that it would enable us to raise guidance and at the same time invest more in the business which then gives us the benefit as you just pointed out going into next year. So but we are very focused on being a consistent performer. So that over any multi-year period even if there was a blip in the markets, we should still be viewed as a top quartile performer.
David Togut - Evercore: Understood, so with that in mind, to the extent next year shapes up as strongly as this year, would you then take the opportunity to find additional opportunities to step up investment i.e. sustain long-term growth as opposed to putting up a pretty big earnings outperformance?
Rich Daly: Investing money is a lot of work meaning, we have a very disciplined process here where people have to present the business case, have to present pretty reasonable return on the investments that they are looking to make, timetable, etcetera. So because we the first time in quite sometime had an opportunity this was a year in which we probably had some things we would have like them done that we are managing through that we are able to accelerate this year. Our commitment is to create long-term shareholder value. If there is an opportunity that enhances that and gives us more confidence in raising our revenue growth for the longer term, when the opportunity is there we will likely very aggressively go after that. So what I want you to hear is in essence agreeing with what you are saying, but we are not going to spend money or invest money because gee we got this extra money, so let’s have some fun with it, it’s a very disciplined process. And from myself down as lots of people being held accountable to ensuring that the money we are spending we will get a return on.
David Togut - Evercore: Understood, just shifting gears over to securities processing 800 basis points of EBIT margin expansion year-to-date, to what extend is this type of operating leverage sustainable, in other words was this just sort of a catch up and you had some nice new business, good market activity, how should we think of operating leverage in this business looking out to FY ’15 and beyond?
Mike Liberatore: We definitely made some productivity improvements starting with investments that we have started in FY ’13. I expect these productivity improvements to remain and we would expect strong margins going forward on that business.
Rich Daly: And Dave…
David Togut - Evercore: Yes.
Rich Daly: I am sorry going back a little ways, you will recall that we put a really pretty hard line out there saying that both segments were going to contribute that’s been a big part of Broadridge’s strong performance over the recent periods and that whether it be through revenue growth or expense management those segments will contribute. That remains our mindset as we go forward. So we had planned going into this year for certain efficiencies that we drove throughout the business, which we executed against. We didn’t change those plans even though pretty quickly into the year the market started giving us something that we hadn’t talked for quite some time which was a little bit of tailwind. Not nearly as strong as I had experienced over my career, but when we have had headwinds for so many years, it was a welcome change. So this year we had a combination of market benefit as well as some pretty strong expense management that’s in place.
David Togut - Evercore: With that in mind, can you sustain increased margins in securities processing in FY ‘15?
Rich Daly: That is our plan. I don’t expect it to be at the level of this year.
David Togut - Evercore: Yes, that’s well understood. And just finally you highlighted the strength of the sales pipeline Rich, can you flush out for us where you are seeing the greatest strength in terms of new business opportunities and give us a better sense of what underlines your confidence that you bring in a large signing in Q4?
Rich Daly: Okay, that’s a great question. So let’s separate the emerging and acquired activity form – I will call it traditional large sales, alright? And the emerging and acquired activity, a product like Bonaire is something that we both knew was a very strong product for asset managers, but its reconciliation based rules engine is so strong, it’s right now a very hot discussion on things like exchange fees with the all of our traditional clients. And so that became an instant strong pipeline on a newly acquired product. And that’s why we put in there, it exceeded our expectations. And it’s unusual that an acquisition that early out of the gate exceeds expectations, alright. Now there is a number of products that we are doing on the E&A side, our tax services, our TA services, our issuer services, that we are very, very pleased with. There is a number of activities that we are helping our clients manage their portfolios better in the fixed income space so that their collateral management is far better, etcetera. That’s ongoing activity and we don’t talk about it because it could be a $400,000 deal, a $500,000 deal. And it’s not press release or news worthy for a call like this. But it’s that E&A activity that we expect to be 50% or more of our sales activity as we go forward. And that’s being really the focus of when I say we are taking control of our destiny, and we are executing against it. Then you have got traditional activities out there like a larger back office transaction or a larger communication transaction, because of things like the alliance with Accenture there has been far more dialogues in larger back office transactions. There has been far more dialogues of BPO activity. And it’s something that clearly makes sense for our industry where many firms have the same non-differentiating costs, but they are not getting any scale or leverage out of and it gives them no benefit in the marketplace. So between that and then the activities around our digital, our digital activities have flushed up additional communication activities around the traditional products. Now, large deals are not over until they are over. We are pretty pleased how far along some of these dialogues are and that’s why I said I would be disappointed if we didn’t do at least one large transaction this year.
David Togut - Evercore: Much appreciated, Rich. Congratulations.
Rich Daly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat [Sandler O'Neill].
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning, Rich and Mike. It’s Chris Donat.
Rich Daly: Good morning.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Thanks. One clarification question, Rich, when you use the word favorable for market conditions, are you really talking about everything that benefits your event-driven revenues, is that how to think about that?
Rich Daly: No, Chris. I mean, when I use favorable, our focus in life in on recurring revenue, right. And the market transaction activity has been slightly favorable. Okay. And again, in my history of doing this for 25 years with this in our predecessor organization, we would have called this historically an anemic year, because we always had growth and this would be viewed as low growth. Having lived through the crisis with constant headwinds and reduced volumes, right, and I believe I went into this in more detail in the second quarter call, where when you have transaction activity, it benefits all of Broadridge. I mean, it generates more confirms, it generates more prospectuses, beyond the trading activity, alright, so you provide lots of trading support activity. And so a slight increase in trading activity provides a rising tide that benefits an awful lot, well both of our segments for sure.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. And then just looking for a little color on Emerald Connect, looking at your prior acquisitions, the EBITDA margins over time I think get to about 30%, is that one way to think about Emerald Connect and you said it would be accretive next year, I am just looking to see if I can try to quantify that a little bit?
Rich Daly: Yes. We typically look for acquisitions on EBIT margin basis to contribute better than 40%.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, so better than 40%, but it does…
Rich Daly: It will take us time. We have to be able to build through that.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Got it.
Rich Daly: This is a really niche bit as being the industry’s communication solution.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Right, okay. Alright, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos [Credit Suisse].
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Rich Daly: Hi, George.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: How are you doing? Congrats on the quarter.
Rich Daly: Thank you.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Just wanted to parse into the guidance a little bit, very strong momentum over the first three quarters, 7% growth, you are reiterating the 4% to 5% growth will be on the upper end. It would seem to be me though that even at 5% that would imply pretty material deceleration in the rate of growth sort of low single-digits. Is that all sort of coming from caution around distribution revenue slowing down or just want to make sure there isn’t anything else you are seeing in terms of potentially slow momentum?
Rich Daly: Well, the fourth quarter is a unique quarter for us. I mean, we go into every year looking to drive more postage revenue out of the process and converting that into fee revenue. But overall, we are not interpreting this as a revenue decline. We are just viewing it as we have very different quarters. So, again, if next year was to be a repeat of this year, I for one, would not be disappointed.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Okay. So it sounds like your overall momentum is continuing, there is nothing really worrisome that you are seeing in terms of the early trends?
Rich Daly: If this volume is going to stay the way it was going forward, George, I will be doing the Irish jig everyday.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: You and me both. So, just let me follow up with one last question, then just sort of your appetite for buybacks versus strategic acquisitions going forward?
Rich Daly: I am sorry, George repeat the question.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Apologies, just in terms of capital allocation your appetite for buybacks versus the pipeline of strategic acquisitions that you have out there?
Rich Daly: So, when it comes to our capital stewardship, nothing has changed. We pay a meaningful dividend. We have increased the dividend every year since we have been a public company. Can’t make any commitments until we do it going forward, but you certainly understand what the trend is? Alright, so and the board and I will be discussing that before the August call. As far as strategic tuck-ins, we think it’s been a real differentiator for us. And it’s enabled us to have the confidence we have and creating top quartile returns as we go forward. So, we like transactions that we believe worth more under our umbrella. We like transactions that we believe can be leveraged by our distribution channel and Bonaire is proving to be a very, very good example of leveraging the distribution channel into spaces, they were never in before. And so we don’t see that changing and we don’t think you should see that changing. We have committed that we do not want our shareholders to be diluted by equity comp, alright. So you should expect us to do that on a consistent basis. And if for some reason we would have built some cash not have strategic tuck-ins that we found attractive, because of our very high criteria of doing a transaction or not, we would always look for a time to opportunistically buyback rather than building cash. And given our confidence in the future, it’s not really that difficult to figure out what time is an opportunistic time when you have the confidence we have going forward.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s great color, Rich. And if I can actually sneak one more in, your optimism about spending a large deal before the end of the year, is your sense that is more likely to happen in the domestic side or the international side, I know given some more positive momentum comments are regarding the Accenture relationship? Thank you.
Rich Daly: Well, there are transactions on both in North America and internationally that we are in discussions with. So, I will tell you that the fourth quarter is our selling quarter. If there is one thing I want to do as we go forward, I would like the shift, some of the sales results earlier in the year. And so I am putting for everyone a line in the sand that says we are committed to growing the revenue. And everyone, including me from now until the end of the year is not worried about the financial results of the year. Everyone is going to be focused on sales as job number one.
George Mihalos - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann [Avondale].
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: Good morning, gentlemen.
Rich Daly: Hi, Pete.
Mike Liberatore: Good morning.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: I have a couple of questions. I apologize if I missed it, but the tax rate in the quarter seems to be little bit lower than I was expected, were there some discreet items lowering the tax rate?
Mike Liberatore: There was one or two discreet items below the tax rate. Yes, that’s correct.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: Okay, but kind of 35.5 to 36 is a good range to go forward?
Mike Liberatore: Yes.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: Okay. And then Rich on fixed income activity, we have seen some declines at some of the big bulge bracket firms in terms of fixed income revenue, but don’t really appear to be seeing it in your numbers? It’s like about a 2% decline in volumes. Is – am I interpreting that correctly as you are really not seeing a real drag in the fixed income side within SPS?
Rich Daly: In essence, that’s correct, but we would prefer for it to be going up, which has historically been doing for quite some time. We don’t see it as a big drag. The equity side has more than offset it.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: Okay, okay. And then just so I am clear and I know you typically give your fiscal ‘15 guidance on the fourth quarter call, but we are sitting up with a little bit of an unusual comp situation for next year and that it looks like there is difficult revenue and margin comps in the first half, but then potentially easier margin comps in the back half. So, I guess, all-in, I am expecting next year to look more normal in the distribution of earnings, but given some of those tough comps, do you still think you Broadridge should be able to put up kind of double-digit lower teens type earnings per share growth?
Rich Daly: Well, I am not going to go into the digital details of the guidance. And we are very focused on that right now, when I say the guidance, the ‘15 guidance for next year. So, what I did say earlier is worth repeating. If next year turned out to be a repeat of this year, I would be esthetic. So we are committed to deliver a plan, okay, where both segments contribute. And if for whatever reason we have momentum that we have this year that would just be a blessing, but we are not going to bank on material momentum. We are certainly going to bank on the momentum that gave us the overage in this year to repeat next year. We believe we can deliver a very acceptable plan when we get to August, alright, within our control. And again, if things occur to enable that to be better, so be it that will be wonderful. If for whatever reason the markets had some blips here, right, we want to be in a position through revenue growth within our control and expense management within our control to deliver acceptable results. And that’s why I say, but going forward we are committed over any multi-year period of time to be a top quartile performer. The reason I add multi-year to that, Pete, is because if something happens in the markets and it’s severe enough that we can’t offset it unless it’s heaven forbid for all of us something of the magnitude of the financial crisis, which I don’t see how that could reoccur at that magnitude, right and it would be I will call it a normal correction or a normal blip. Even if a year was to be slightly off driven by that blip, not driven by us on the things we control, the following year we should be able to more than offset that and still create strong returns. What we are looking to position this for as a serious company that provides mission-critical services that will not only always be around, but be around and growing. And for the serious investor, we believe that this is the company that should align with their long-term investment needs, commitment to pay a dividend, commitment to capital stewardship, and commitment to growth, because we are supporting a segment of society that’s critical being financial services.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale: That’s a prudent approach. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have a question from the Tien-tsin Huang [JP Morgan Chase & Co].
Rich Daly: Thank you and how are you?
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Hi, good morning. I hope you are right that there is not another financial crisis like that. So, let me ask on the – I think George asked about the large client. It was a few weeks away you said it’s the selling season, etcetera. We have heard based on mixed sort of comments around the sales cycles and closed rates, etcetera. How do things feel? I know you have been confident here that this large one will close, but generally, how are clients behaving?
Rich Daly: There is a more open dialogue in every organization, including yours regarding the industry taking out costs through trusted utility type providers. And we are invited I believe to virtually all of those dialogues. So, you forget my desire, if you read anything on the industry they are talking about the need for mutualizing costs and the need to get non-differentiating activities out of organizations for many reasons and cost and regulatory is an equal reason why.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, it makes sense. Let me – yes, we will wait and see on that, I am sure it will close out. I guess on the investment side, sorry if I missed this, but I know we talked about accelerating investments last quarter. Are you on track with that spend? Did you give that detail?
Rich Daly: We have got a very busy quarter in front of us. So, we did give the detail. Mike, why don’t you repeat it one more time?
Mike Liberatore: Yes. We have $33 million in total, $9 million year-to-date. So we have $44 million to go in Q4. We are on track.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. So, 4Q is going to be the bigger bubble there? Okay, I just wanted to clarify. Thank you.
Operator: I am showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly - President and Chief Executive Officer: Alright. Well, this is another one of these calls where it’s not going to take a lot of effort for me to choose to have a good day. I certainly hope you look to do the same and we have a lunch next week. Hopefully, we will see some of you there. And we will certainly look forward to being with you again on our August call, where again we expect to wrap up the year on a very solid basis and talk about ‘15 and beyond and our commitment to remain a top quartile performer. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions third quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Michael Liberatore - Acting Principal Financial Officer
Analysts: Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanisha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to David Ng, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the second quarter of fiscal year 2014. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Liberatore, our Acting Principal Financial Officer. By now, I hope that everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risk. These risks are summarized on Slide #1. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2014 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide 2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date fiscal year 2014, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Michael Liberatore will then review the financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now let's turn to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. I'll get to my remarks about our second quarter results in just a moment. But first, as most of you know, back in December, we announced that our founding CFO, Dan Sheldon, went out on medical leave. After recently being cleared to return to work, Dan decided to step down from his position as Broadridge's CFO, effective yesterday. I've asked Dan to stay on through the beginning of April to help with the transition as we search for his successor. Dan has been a great business partner, going back to before Broadridge was an independent public company. And we couldn't have attained the success we have without his strong leadership. We wish Dan every success in all of his future endeavors. On behalf of the Board of Directors, the executive committee and all Broadridge Associates, I'd like to publicly thank Dan for his commitment and all of his contributions to our company. I would also like to welcome Mike Liberatore to the call as Acting Principal Financial Officer. As you may already know, Mike has been with Broadridge for 10 years, and most recently served as the Chief Operating Officer of Broadridge's Mutual Fund and Retirement Solutions group, prior to which he was CFO of our largest segment, the Investor Communication Solutions business. So welcome, Mike. Now let's start on Slide #3, our second quarter fiscal year 2014 financial highlights. Overall, I am very pleased with our first half financial results. We continue to see strong recurring revenue growth along with solid momentum. Recurring revenues were up 9% for the quarter and up 10% year-to-date, versus the comparable period in fiscal year 2013. The recurring revenue increases were primarily the result of net new business and continuing current favorable market-based activities, which created internal growth across both segments. Event-driven fee activity was flat for the quarter, but was up $9 million year-to-date versus last year's first half. With this increase, we are expecting event-driven fee revenues to be back to last year's level of approximately $156 million. Mike will cover event-driven activities in more detail in his review of the ICS segment. Our earnings continued their strong growth in both the quarter and year-to-date. For the quarter, our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased over fiscal year 2013 by 47% to $0.25. This earnings growth was primarily due to higher revenues and improved productivity from our strategic initiatives. For the first half of the fiscal year, our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share reached a record level of $0.64, which is an increase of 83% over the first half of fiscal year 2013. We are off to a great start to the fiscal year. However, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first-half earnings per share results, historically, make a smaller contribution than the second half to our full year results. Having said that, we are confident that both of our segments will continue to grow top and bottom line. We believe our recurring revenues will continue to grow in line with the continuing, current favorable market-based activities. Therefore, we are raising our fiscal year 2014 guidance. We are raising our recurring revenue growth to the range of 7% to 8% from a range of 5% to 7%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to the range of $2.15 to $2.25 from a range of $2 to $2.10, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. GAAP diluted earnings per share to the range of $2.03 to $2.13 from a range of $1.89 to $1.99 and free cash flow to approximately $300 million with a range of $275 million to $325 million. The full fiscal year 2014 guidance is included in the appendix to our presentation. Now please turn to Slide 4 to discuss our closed sales performance. Recurring revenue closed sales were up 13% for the quarter to $23 million, and year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales were up 12% to $38 million compared to last year. Usually our first half closed sales of less than $5 million contribute less than the second half to the full year results. We did not close any transactions with revenues of $5 million or greater during the first half of fiscal year 2014. Our sales pipeline remains robust, with very good momentum. We continue to make good progress in our emerging and acquired products portfolio, and our jointly launched Accenture Post-Trade Processing Platform. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2014 recurring revenue closed sales guidance in the range of $110 million to $150 million, which includes closed sales with revenue of $5 million or greater in the range of $20 million to $40 million. We anticipate closing at least one large transaction and would be disappointed if this did not occur during this fiscal year. Please turn to Slide 5 for some key updates. Despite the market's performance over the last week or so, we view the current market-based activities to be favorable. Favorable, however, is a relative term. In this case, it's relative to the market environment Broadridge has experienced since our spin and the financial crisis. Our current stated journey to achieve top quartile shareholder performance, anticipated recurring revenue growth, namely from net new business and acquisitions and prudently assumed ongoing leap market growth, so that current market environment is a welcomed improvement compared to what preceded it. Now let's revisit some key revenue drivers of Broadridge. They are: equity and interim position growth; market-related trade volume and corresponding post-sale activities; and event-driven activities. Equity and interim position growth is the most stable of the market variables we need to consider at Broadridge. Together, equity and mutual fund positions combined have increased every year for decades. Trade activity and post-sale activity can be vulnerable but they are generally up on average, slight trading increase -- slight trading activity increases and decreases can impact our earnings positively or negatively and, historically, always has. Our event-driven revenue was the most significant variable in fiscal year 2010 and fiscal year 2011. However, before and after those 2 anomaly years, it has been stable and, historically, almost always positive, given strong annual mutual fund position growth. Event-driven revenue is tough to plan, tough to say with precision, quarter-to-quarter or year-versus-year. But for a long-term investor, it's not something that should consume the mind-share it has in the past. So, a lot of words. What does it mean and what is the message I'm communicating? Simply, what I'm saying is, that over a multiple-year period, Broadridge's revenue model is very stable; providing backbone support to Wall Street never goes away. A high percentage of our recurring revenue is tied to nontrading support activities. The functions we perform related to securities trading are not tied to trading profits, but to trading volumes and other trading support activities. We will continue to plan revenue growth from these key drivers that I just reviewed with you conservatively. But it's time for all of us to focus on the long-term planning variables of Broadridge's revenue drivers. They are: one, stock record growth, which is rarely volatile and generally, slightly positive; two, event-driven revenues, which despite the fiscal '10 and fiscal '11 whiplash, up and down, we expect to remain relatively stable over the next years and, given strong positioning growth behind them, they are also generally slightly positive; three, trading volumes and related trade support activities have always risen over any reasonable period of time. But also can go up or down on a quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year basis. Given our high fixed cost infrastructure, and the strong impact that trading volume and support activities can have on Broadridge's results, up or down, this is the primary variable outside of our control we should focus on, going forward. Four, our emerging and acquired, or E&A focus, which I'll cover more in a moment has proven to give us more control of our total shareholder return destiny, even in difficult market environment; and finally, five, solid net new business tied to our sales execution also gives us more control in all markets. So now let's talk about Broadridge's success with our emerging and acquired product portfolio or, simply, E&A products. We remain enthusiastic about the long-term prospects of our E&A products. Our acquisitions are on track to generate approximately $210 million in revenues, with about $65 million in non-GAAP EBITDA for fiscal year 2014. Our strategy remains unchanged. We will continue to seek strategic tuck-in acquisitions that meet our investment criteria. As I have discussed in the past, Broadridge must be the logical buyer of such companies and they must be more valuable under the Broadridge umbrella than as a standalone entity. While we were successful in closing a small acquisition in the first quarter, I will be disappointed if we are not able to close an additional tuck-in transaction in 2014. We are also enthusiastic about the prospects of our emerging product portfolio. Emerging products include many natural product adjacencies or extensions to our core businesses, such as tax services, securities class actions and mortgage-backed trading systems, to just name a few. In fiscal year 2014, the E&A portfolio is expected to approach 50% of our recurring revenue closed sales. Disciplined investments are required to succeed in E&A activities. Enabled by the strong results in the first half of our fiscal year, an encouraging sign that suggests the current market activities will continue, we are allocating a higher amount to strategic initiatives in the second half of the fiscal year. The focus of the investment is on solutions to address 3 key macro trends which are: the digitalization of investor communications; cost or capability mutualization; and data solution and intelligence created from our unique data. We have made solid progress in advancing each of these 3 strategies. Let's start with the digitalization of investor communications. In November, we announced, with Pitney Bowes the reinvention of Mail in the Cloud with Amazon Web Services. This interactive digital communications exchange will make it easier for businesses to communicate with consumers about their most important transactions. This platform has the potential to save billions of dollars per year by reducing static paper consumption. In our press release with Pitney Bowes, Ariel Kelman, Head of Worldwide Marketing for Amazon Web Services stated, "We are excited to be working with Broadridge and Pitney Bowes as they leverage the power of AWS technologies to bring new capabilities to financial communications and encryption." We have accelerated development in run rate activities for our Fluent digital solution by about $7 million in order to roll out our Fluent product offering with Pitney through Amazon Web Services this calendar year. On the cost or capability mutualization, we are planning to accelerate sales and marketing activities, including global talent acquisition, and also invest in product enhancements. As I've said before, cost mutualization is not new to Broadridge. Regardless of whether you call it outsourcing, BPO or cost mutualization, at Broadridge, we've been doing it before any of those terms existed. What's new is the recognition of our platform's global capabilities, driven by our alliance with Accenture. Finally, the data solutions. I previously commented on how our current products allow us to leverage our unique data. Our accelerated investment focus will further drive the exploration of additional product solutions, including data analytics, to better address the need of an increasingly complex market. Collectively, we believe that this increased level of investment activity and run rate increases will drive better future results. Our original guidance included new investments of $8 million over our normal run rate. Because of our success to date, our revised guidance contemplates about $20 million of one-time spend to be made in relation to these 3 key macro trends for a total of $28 million or approximately $0.14 per share. The $20 million and majority of the $8 million will be incurred in the second half of our fiscal year. Last, and certainly not least, the SEC's approved EBIP regulation and related fees became effective for meetings that have record dates on or after January 1, 2014 and is being implemented as planned. We still believe the net financial impact is neutral to slightly positive for Broadridge. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike, who'll go into more detail about the financial results. Mike?
Michael Liberatore: Thanks, Rich. Let's move to Slide 6, our key financial drivers. This page is divided into 2 sections. The top section provides the drivers of our recurring revenue growth and the bottom section has total revenue including margins and earnings per share. I'll start with recurring revenue. The first yellow stripe, since recurring revenue is the primary contributor to our total higher -- to our higher total revenue guidance for the full year, 4% to 5%. Our expectation for recurring revenue growth for the full year has increased from 5% to 7%, to 7% to 8% due to higher internal growth. As Rich mentioned, we anticipate that the levels of our market-based activity and interim communications, post-sale fulfillment and trade volumes, which we have seen in the first half of the year, will continue in the second half of our fiscal year. As such, we have increased the contribution expected from internal growth by 2 points on both the low and high end, which translates into a revised rate of 2% to 3%. Contributions from net new business are on track to contribute 4 points and acquisitions are expected to add another point, both in line with our original guidance. Overall, for Q2 and year-to-date, we are tracking to our expectations for each of our revenue drivers with better-than-expected internal growth and related distribution revenues due to the higher market-based activities. Once again, the major drivers have been interim, post-sale and trades, and we're expecting that to continue for the rest of the year, although the growth will not be as dramatic as the second half of the prior year was very strong and a tough compare. In terms of our non-GAAP EBIT margins for Q2 and year-to-date, we have been benefiting and expect it to continue to benefit in the second half from higher revenue and planned productivity from strategic initiatives. We therefore have raised our non-GAAP EBIT margin guidance for the full year to a range of 16.5% to 17.1%, an increase of 70 basis points on both the low and high end of our original guidance. Also included in this range is the impact of one-time investments in solutions to address the 3 macro trends that Rich has already mentioned. We are confident in raising the low or high ends of our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance by $0.15. To put this in perspective, higher revenue from market-based and event-driven activities and lower expenses expected to contribute $0.25 to the increased guidance. This is partially offset by investments of approximately $0.10 or $20 million. Let's move into the segment results, starting with Investor Communications on Slide 7. For the quarter and year-to-date, ICS is benefiting from the higher-than-expected term growth and post-sale fulfillment in interim communications due to favorable market-based activities. We are projecting this level of activity will continue in second half of the year and is the main factor in raising our full year recurring revenue guidance for ICS to 6 -- to 8% to 9%, from our original guidance of 6% to 8%. To help summarize the full year outlook for recurring revenue growth, slightly more than half is expected the come from net new business and the remainder from internal growth. Our client retention rates remain at 99%. We have seen solid mutual fund proxy activity in the first half. And even with our limited view of only 30 to 60 days of upcoming events, we believe this pickup in activity will continue for the remainder of the year. Therefore, we're also raising our guidance for event-driven revenue to be approximately $156 million, which is in line with last year. Going forward, we believe we are entering into what we're calling the "new normal" for event-driven mutual fund proxy activity, as mentioned by the percentage of annual activity to the total estimated number of beneficial mutual fund shareholder positions. As you may know, unlike corporate equity issuers, open-ended mutual funds are not required to have shareholder meetings every year. Shareholder meetings are only required when there's a trigger event, such as a change of directors or a change of investment restrictions or advisors. We believe that going forward, the primary driver in mutual fund proxy activity will be the periodic election of directors and that's likely elongated to a 7-to-10-year period. As such, we are expecting that the average number of beneficial positions we process in a given year will range from 14% to 19% of the total estimated positions, excluding large acquisitions or change of control activity. Of course, over this period of 7-to-10-years, we will see peaks and valleys based on the size of the mutual fund issuer and the nature of the campaigns in any given year. For the current year, we're expecting to be approximately 16% of the total estimated beneficial position versus the previous year of 14%. To sum up with ICS's bottom line performance, our expectations for the full year EBIT and related margins has increased to reflect a higher revenue activity, as ICS continues to demonstrate stronger operating leverage from internal growth and event-driven activity. Let's move to Slide 8, which highlights our SPS business. For the quarter year-to-date, SPS has experienced solid recurring revenue growth, led predominantly by net new business and, to a lesser degree, internal growth from trading activity. As I mentioned earlier, we're expecting that favorable market-based activity will continue but growth will be tempered as trade levels were high in the second half of '13. Therefore, we are reaffirming the high-end of our revenue guidance of 5% and have raised the low-end from 3% to 4%. This revised range of 4% to 5% highlights the majority of the revenue growth is coming from net new business, as we now only see a slightly positive contribution for internal growth versus the negative 1% contemplated in our original guidance. In terms of margin growth, we have raised our full year guidance to 17% to 18%, reflecting a growth of 400 to 500 basis points over the prior year. We're clearly seeing the productivity from strategic initiatives we began in fiscal '13, along with the sheer operating leverage that this business is able to produce from higher revenue. Before turning the call over to Rich, I'd like to add that both ICS and SPS have achieved solid year-to-date results and we are confident in our raised full year guidance. Our core business model has proven to perform well even in the difficult market and we are now positioned to reap the benefits as we move towards a slightly positive market environment. Rich, I'll turn to meeting back over to you.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap-up. I am very pleased with the great first half in fiscal year 2014. We experienced record earnings per share results with both segments contributing. Recurring revenue continues to be strong, led by net new business. Recurring closed sales are growing and we have a very strong and growing sales pipeline. Favorable market-based activities, such as increased equity trading, prospectus fulfillment and mutual fund volumes are having, and are expected to have, a positive impact on our results and continuing current market conditions. Our client revenue retention rate was a strong 98%, as expected. With this, we are confident in raising our recurring revenue guidance to the range of 7% to 8%, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance to the range of $2.15 to $2.25; and free cash flow of approximately $300 million. Broadridge's business is a stable, recurring revenue model, with slight internal growth. Further enhanced by new products, both acquired or created internally and overall, proven sales execution. These are the primary components of our future, top quartile performance confidence. While the market has been challenging many times over the last several years, we continue to profitably move forward and we gain more momentum during periods of normal market activities. The Broadridge brand is well-known and highly respected for providing investor communications and securities processing solutions. Our brand will strengthen as we continue to expand our clients' awareness of our capabilities. Both of our operating segments are contributing solid top and bottom line financial results. These operating segments both generate stable recurring revenue and strong free cash flows with very high client retention and some historical internal growth. These factors, combined with the benefits of a disciplined E&A effort and strong sales execution, is the foundation of our long-term journey and total shareholder return goals. We will continue on our ongoing journey to sustainable, top quartile, stockholder performance for years to come and we will remain committed to building shareholder value through effective capital stewardship. This includes paying a meaningful dividend with a targeted 40% earnings payout ratio. We will reinvest in our business, including new product development, with a focus on the 3 key macro trends, this includes accelerating investment amount at opportune times and continuing with tuck-in acquisitions that have both strong strategic fits and financial return profiles. We will also opportunistically repurchase shares to offset dilution. As cash builds without tuck-in acquisition opportunities, we will again reduce share count through thoughtful share repurchases. We have the ability to accomplish all of the above while maintaining our investment grade rating, which we believe sets us apart from many other companies. We have a clear strategy for our journey. And together with our capital stewardship capabilities, we have created and expect to continue to create, sustainable shareholder returns. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our extraordinary and highly engaged Associates. Their commitment to the service profit chain was just again recognized, as Broadridge was named one of the Best Companies to Work for In New York State by the New York State Society for Human Resource Management. We have won this award every year since it was established 7 years ago. Our highly engaged Associates have enabled us to achieve our record operating performance, extraordinary client revenue retention rate and have enabled Broadridge to have a strong core from which to grow. I'll now turn the call over to Tanisha, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: This is Rayna Kumar for David Togut. Just going back to your comments on your recurring revenue closed sales guidance, as you mentioned historically, that guidance range hasn't required a signing of large transactions greater than $5 million. But this year, it does. So I just want to get a better idea of what's changed. What's changed in your thinking or what are you seeing differently?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Rayna, I really don't think much has changed. I just think we're adding more clarity to the dialogue. We're still targeting a meaningful number of the sales, less than $5 million. We're thinking a general range of close to $100 million. We're thinking larger transactions move us into the range. And in order to get to the higher end of the range as we've said, last year, and I believe even prior to that, we actually need the larger transactions to get us completely into the range and certainly we would expect them to be needed to get us to the higher end of the range. So I'm not really viewing this as anything new.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Could you discuss the key drivers of your 73% year-over-year pretax profit growth in your securities processing segment? You only had 6% revenue growth, so if you can just tell us if this high operating leverage is sustainable over the next 12 to 24 months?
Richard J. Daly: Right, so I'll kick this off and then turn it over to Mike. One of the things we did here Rayna, in this call, was really try to highlight the 5 things that drive Broadridge and so I'm going to ask everyone if there was a more clarity that we wanted to bring to you and I think as our never-ending desire to be as transparent as possible is those 5 items and so it's the stock record position, it's the event-driven activity and then when we get to the trading piece, which is what you're talking about, it's because of a high fixed cost infrastructure we have that I'm emphasizing that slight changes in that revenue up or down, can have very good impact on the bottom line, or a tough impact that we need to manage through because of that high fixed cost infrastructure. So I'm going to turn that over to Mike to comment a little bit more about the trading-related activity and the SPS segment overall.
Michael Liberatore: Thanks, Rich. So in the first half of the year, the trading activity was approximately -- we saw internal growth of approximately 16% and that certainly contributed to the SPS's finalized [ph] performance. But equally important is the productivity savings that we've received from our fiscal '13 -- sorry, our fiscal '13 initiative and that has contributed equally to that performance.
Richard J. Daly: Right. So we went into this year expecting a tougher environment than we've seen in the markets. We went into this year with a view that we could grow the topline. It's actually growing a little better than expected and that slight impact of revenue growth is in the first half of the year, where we're not contributing as much as the second half of the year contributes, giving us a very nice uptick when you do a percentage compare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Niamh Alexander of KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Kyle stepping in for Neve. So with respect to Accenture the Post-Trade Processing Solution, we haven't seen any really large deals announced since the first one in July. So I guess my first question is, were there any small deals from Accenture included in the closed sales number this quarter? And secondly, could you give us any more color around the interest level you're seeing from clients in Europe around these solutions.
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I actually view it as really 1 question about an update on that overall. We historically, on all of our processing transactions, have known it's a long sales cycle. So I don't really view there being any new news here. We're very, very pleased to announce the Soc Gen deal last year and that continues on progress. Since that deal has been announced, the levels of interest that we are seeing, that Accenture is seeing, has been and remains very strong. It is a relatively long sales cycle. There's lots of dialogues going on. You know from my positions in the past that regardless of how encouraging dialogues are, until you get through a contract process. These contracts are several hundred pages. Just for an example, which shows just the level of depth that it gets into, that this is a longer sales cycle. We remain very, very excited. Part of our excitement about our confidence in our future growth is that we expect this to be a meaningful contributor to SPS as we go forward and there's nothing that's changed in any of our activities and when I talk about a growing pipeline clearly one of the biggest pieces of that growing pipeline is the level of interest and activity we're having in dialogues as it relates to the APTP Accenture transaction and venture.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one more, if I could. Around revenue contribution -- your guidance around revenue contribution from recurring revenue closed sales. You told it's slightly lower for ICS versus your prior guidance. Is this just related to some deals taking longer to convert to revenue, anything or any color you can share will be helpful?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Definitely, they're -- in what we break out is our less than 5 sales which we generally view will convert in less than a year. And our over 5, we felt was a very good way to give people a directional view and the timing of revenue conversion. There has been a slight delay on some of the revenue conversion that we would've expected. All right? Right now, given the strong performance we have, I'm actually viewing that in an ironic way, slightly positively. In that it will actually give us more benefit as we go forward and the markets have not only offset the benefit, but offset that and give us more benefit year-to-date than what we were planning on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: On that $28 million investment, if my notes were correct, about $8 million of that spending has already occurred, and additional $20 million in the second half. Characterizing that generally as one-time. But in terms of -- if you're adding to sales and marketing capabilities, does some of that bleed into 2015? And if so, when would you expect to see some of the returns from those investments?
Richard J. Daly: Great question. So I'm going to take this and then ask Mike to give some additional financial color. So the key -- one of the key messages here, Pete, thanks for raising the question -- is that beyond raising guidance in our strong performance, we were also in a position to look at the opportunities we have to create more confidence in our future shareholder value creation goals and invest in activities that will give us more confidence to becoming a sustainable, top quartile performer for years to come. So we are very excited not to be spending money for the sake of spending money, but we believe we can accelerate some of the activities around the 3 initiatives we have, as it relates to opportunities to create future revenue growth. This ties directly to the 5 key variables and the things that have enabled Broadridge to outrun the financial crisis, to be in the position we are to create strong returns going forward, is very, very heavily driven by our own products that we've enabled, okay? Our emerging products that we've created, as well as maintaining this recurring revenue constant growth year-after-year. And as I pointed out, this recurring revenue growth is coming primarily -- or about 50% right now from E&A activities. Now we've put words in here very carefully and I'm going to ask Mike to comment on one-time versus run rate increases. But overall, you should hear from me as we look to the future, I am confident that the benefits of what we're investing in, both one-time and run rate, will give us more revenue growth and absolutely is a great opportunity for us to invest in, on behalf of our shareholders, to create value. Mike, why don't you talk a little bit about ...
Michael Liberatore: Yes, I just have a couple of points to add to that, Rich. Of that $28 million, think about $10 million would be in corporate higher run rate going forward but we haven't started our play process for the next year. But I can see about $10 million be included, part of our run rate. Also, that $28 million, a majority of that will be spent in the second half of our fiscal year, very little of it has been spent year-to-date.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. If I could just have 1 quick follow-up. Rich, could you remind me on EBIP? That's seems to have a nice opportunity for Broadridge? And how would you characterize it, is it more -- is the opportunity more from getting broker-dealers ready for EBIP? Or is it more on the back and as you see adoption and then if you were, just remind me how that incentive fee works whether -- who is collecting that and if there's a share on that?
Richard J. Daly: Absolutely. So first of all, it's not about getting the broker-dealers ready, all right? What we need is for them to work with us so that we can take advantage of the EBIP. But we anticipate the heavy-lifting on EBIP to be on our side, not on their side. And we are ready for that. So that is in place. There's 2 pieces to it and so with the fee adjustments that were part of the whole proposal, because remember, it was approving EBIP and a new fee schedule. And the fee schedule mix changes to some of the revenue we get, some of the revenue the brokers get, okay? That's where we're viewing it as being slightly positive. As we convert broker-dealers customers to being digital, okay? The new customers -- there's a new incentive fee because the SEC recognizes 2 things there. One is it ultimately saves issuers money and significantly, to pay through postage, and two, it creates a higher level of engagement with the investor. So those are the 2 goals the SEC had, that justifies the incentive fee and that incentive fee will be shared between Broadridge and the brokers is what we're anticipating. But the real benefit that we see here is this gives us just another reason, Pete, to be having conversations with our client about our deep digitalization strategies, about our Fluent strategy, and about how what we're doing, not only is working and proving to work and proxy what we've eliminated 60% of the paper. But think about what we can do for you in eliminating paper and creating a higher level engagement for your customers across all the activities you do. Whether it be statements, confirms, marketing information, et cetera, et cetera. So you combine that with what we announced with the press release in last quarter and I provided a little more highlight regarding Pitney and using Amazon Web Services, we're really excited and that's why going back to questions prior to this, we're making these one-time, either accelerated run rate activity or investment in Fluent, because we believe that if you look at Broadridge from a long-term opportunity point of view, it's something that we are very excited about and hope as people look at us, I'm not looking for people to plan a windfall next year or anytime soon, but view it as building momentum, call it EBIP, call it Fluent, call it the other E&A activities, for a sustainable period as we go forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Mihalos of Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Davis filling in for George here. First off, congratulations and best luck to Dan and his retirement. Moving on to the SPS segment. Could you remind us of what the split in trading between retail, institutional and the implications on revenue margins?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I'm going to just give you the overall business view and Mike, if you have any comments beyond that, by all means. The overall business view is that retail is something, whether it be an SPS client, or any retail firm, given our strong market share and a lot of the support activities, the proxy and prospectus, et cetera. Retail activity, if you look at Broadridge overall, and by activity that doesn't mean trading, it means trading and position ownership is really important to Broadridge, all right? And when I talk about the stability of stock record growth, when I talked about with the exception of the anomaly years, the stability, pretty much of the event driven activities, that's all really important and we feel pretty good that in the ongoing low interest rate environment, where people need to generate returns and people are seeing last year's market generate returns, even though it's nothing that when you guys track the sell side firms out there, the large retail firms, you're not seeing any windfall or dramatic activity that slight positive momentum and activity, versus the headwinds you're experiencing for years feel pretty good to us, because we planned on creating value in a never-ending difficult environment. So any improvement over that, which we view as the current market activity that we expect to continue feels pretty good to us. On the institutional side, particularly in our trading and -- I'm sorry, in our SPS segment, the institutional side is a big part of our revenue, all right? and that revenue, because of the way we shared with you many times in the past has it tiers, okay, even though there is benefit to increase trading activity, it takes pretty big swings up or down in trading activity to generate relatively small swings, up or down, in terms of our trading revenue as it's related those activities. Even there though, we still feel pretty good about the momentum we're seeing in the current market environment. So Mike, I pretty much covered it, is there anything you want to add to that?
Michael Liberatore: No. Not much. If we look at the quarter, about 2/3 of it is coming from retail about 1/3 is coming from institution and the sensitivity that we have shared in the past is about every 1% can drive between $750,000 to $1.2 million, depending on whether it's institutional or retail.
Richard J. Daly: Perfect.
Ryan Davis - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, thank you. And moving towards the just deployment of capital, could you kind of walk us through the decision process between repurchasing shares and tuck-in acquisitions? Kind of where you're comfortable, I guess? The valuation and the pipeline and how the decision process between the 2?
Richard J. Daly: Absolutely. First of all, let me emphasize, nothing has changed. Our position here has been very consistent and I expect to remain very consistent. So we happen to have a business that we're blessed generates strong free cash flow. So looking at that strong free cash flow with a long-term perspective how to create continuing, top quartile total shareholder returns. So paying a meaningful dividend, which for us is something that we can very effectively do and still have flexibility beyond that is something that we've identified as we want to continue. So, we're right now, saying that we're targeting a 40% earnings payout ratio, and you should expect that to be in models that we give you as we go forward. Period. Two, we have found that tuck-in acquisitions have been very effective for us. We've talked about the revenue growth that's given us, we've talked about the EBITDA contribution it’s given us and we've talked about that combined with our own products that we've developed, being near 50% of our recurring revenue sales activity. So the second priority is to look for tuck-in acquisitions, okay? With the use of that strong free cash flow. Our criteria there remains very disciplined, all right? we will not do a deal for the sake of doing a deal. Our criteria is very high in terms of earnings contribution and the only way that's possible is that we identify products which under our umbrella are more valuable than where they are right now and more valuable than they would be to a private equity player who gets the lever up and we don't, as part of their return model. So we look for things that leverage our distribution channel. You shouldn't expect us to buy something that wouldn't be a natural thing for us to go to our customer base with and share with them, great news. We now own this product and it's going to have the rock solid performance of the rest of Broadridge's products, so you can now buy this with the confidence you by other Broadridge products. We target a 20% IRR on this. I don't accept in models that we put together, some crazy terminal value calculation. These are very straightforward models. We target to 20%, because sometimes things that can go wrong it's your cash, being our shareholders cash, and we want a good return of that cash, all right? You've seen in the past, when, although we've looked at and we're always looking at tuck-in acquisitions, whether it be fit or price, we didn't do them. And when we build cash, we believe based on our confidence in the future, there have been almost always opportunistic times to repurchase our shares. And when we've built cash and we didn't see an opportunity to do tuck-ins, we have repurchased shares and we're very, very pleased with the returns that we've created through that. But remember, E&A, emerging and acquired, has been part of the model that's enabled us to have the success we have today. So tuck-in acquisitions, which have enabled that success, will remain the second priority after the dividend and then the third priority, if that's not available, would be the opportunistically repurchase at opportune times.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: One question on the CFO search. Can you give sort of your philosophy about how you're approaching that? And then, and I know this is probably a politically sensitive topic, but any bias towards internal or external candidates?
Richard J. Daly: Well, one of the things that was included in the press release and in my comments in the past, is that Dan built a very strong organization. So Dan and I -- Dan was a great business partner to me. And so clearly, that is something that I'm looking to build and get to over time, and but it actually takes time whether it's an internal or external activity. When we look at Broadridge, okay, I consistently use across all of Broadridge, not in this activity and across every activity, as this business continues to grow and as we look at the opportunities as we have going forward, I'm always looking at a good to great model, which is do we have the right people on the bus? Do we have the right people on the right seats on the bus? And how do we get more of the right people on the bus? So unrelated to this activity, we've got lots of talent things going on, around strategy people, around people to do some of the execution across the 3 initiatives that we have talked about, and this will remain a very, very key focus. Now specifically, as it relates to this. This is all very new activity here. So I can tell you, I'm not even completely through my thought process. What I am looking at is as follows though: I'm looking at how well-positioned Broadridge is; I'm looking at the great opportunities we have; and I'm looking at who's the partner, okay? And what are the skill sets that I'm going to need to go forward with myself, Tim Gohlke and the other business unit leaders, to partner with us to take advantage of these opportunities to create shareholder value. So this is a process that we want to get through quickly. But we're really dealing almost in real-time here in terms of where we are at this moment, in terms of the need to identify someone going forward. And I've assured the board yesterday at our board meeting, and I assure everyone on the call, that we're making this with a long-term view and in terms of what's the right answer and the best answer for Broadridge as we go forward and create value. I want to acknowledge Mike and I have been working shoulder-to-shoulder for this past quarter, both the closeout, the first half of the year, to get ready for the board meetings, to get ready for this call. Mike's contribution -- Mike's effort has been nothing short of exceptional. And this activity, for Mike and for us overall, will enable him to take on more significant responsibilities, what they are, as we go forward and I'm particularly excited about looking at those opportunities for Broadridge and Mike as well.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JP Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just extend of that, I guess I want to say that I want to wish Dan the best. He was a terrific CFO. So if he's listening, thanks. So I guess I just wanted to run through the investments again. The $18 million is not in the run rate? What should we assume that you're actually investing in there, are you using consultants to build up your analytics? For example, are you buying software or tech? Just trying to understand what's being spent exactly.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So we clearly are looking to bring in experts on these 3 initiatives. So 2 of the 3, being the digitalization as well as the data analytics. We are -- we have those activities going on. Now, spending money, as I tell the team all the time, is a lot of work. Spending at right, I should say, is a lot of work. So identifying what questions we needed answered, what opportunities we wanted to look at, took us a good part of the first half of the year on our own, okay, before we act and then we had to go through the process of then interviewing who we thought would best get us to those places. So we have those activities going on right now in both of these places. And that's why we said that the bulk of this money will be spent in the second half. After our first quarter, we knew that we would likely be in a position to be able to invest in the business. We wanted to continue to follow the trends, while we simultaneously -- and I should even say during the first quarter, we started ramping up activities beyond what we had already in our plan. In the case of Fluent, and you heard about the Pitney venture, and the Amazon opportunity, to be able to spend this content, with the value that we expected to have to our customers and the encryption capabilities both of which Amazon acknowledged in their quote in their press release, we have created that run rate all, right? And that's a run rate that we expect very good returns on, if not next year, certainly beyond next year.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The dollar amount. The $28 million. Just sorry if this is -- you already covered it. But how much of it is incremental to your guidance?
Richard J. Daly: Well, I'm going to repeat what Mike said. $20 million is incremental, all right? And like you said, about $10 million we expect to be in the run rate of the $28 million next year.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. Okay, just wanted to be clear.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Let me say something. We're always investing in the business. So this was an increased investment level beyond the investment that we're always investing in the business. Okay? This is a long-term play. So we're not here thinking that the products that we have will get us to where we need to get to, even with our great returning revenue. Because what we've decided and very consciously decided, post spend, was that we're going to control our own destiny and the way to control your own destiny is to figure out how to control that topline.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to let you guys go on a couple of last questions. Just the confidence in closing one large transaction and then also doing a tuck-in before year end. I mean, should we interpret that to mean you've have been down selected or in final stages on those things? And I'm curious on the large transaction, is that an Accenture deal? It didn't sound like it necessarily would be?
Richard J. Daly: I'm not going to comment on whether it is or isn't. I did comment we feel very good about where we are with Accenture. And I did comment, we feel very good on where we are on, at least, a large transaction. So I leave that at that, all right? And I thought there was another part to that and I apologize.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The tuck-in acquisition. Same question, tuck-in acquisition should we assume that, that sort of in the final stages at this point?
Richard J. Daly: Again, one of your large transaction we're talking, it's not over till it's over. I made the comments deliberately so if you will interpret that I was thinking we're pretty close, I don't think that would be a misinterpretation.
Operator: I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Tanisha, thank you. First of all, thank you to everybody for participating today. Mike, in particular thanks for your efforts over this last quarter. Mike, David and I will look forward to meeting with you in the near future. Let me remind you that next Tuesday, February 11, at noon, we're going to have our Investor Lunch at 1 Park. And we always love those dialogues. So anyone who would like to attend, please give David or our IR organization a call and we look forward to seeing you there. We're certainly going to encourage everyone to choose to have a great day and although there is still lots of snow here in Lake Success, it looks pretty bright and sunny to me. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer and Director Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shannon, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to David Ng, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now, everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risk. These risks are summarized on Slide #1. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2014 earnings results excludes the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs. These costs are significant and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide #2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the first quarter financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now let's turn to Slide #3, and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics. First, I'll start with an overview of our first quarter fiscal year 2014 financial highlights and guidance. Then, I'll discuss our closed sales performance, followed by a few key updates, including the SEC's approval of the New York Stock Exchange's proposal on proxy distribution fees and EBIP. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up with my closing comments. Let's start on Slide 4, our first quarter fiscal year 2014 financial highlights. I am very pleased with our first quarter financial results. We had very strong revenue growth. Recurring and total revenues were up 11% and 10%, respectively, versus the comparable period in fiscal year 2013. Recurring revenue increases were primarily the result of net new business, as expected, and an increase in market-based activities which created internal growth across both segments. Positive market trends increased most activities, including trade processing, prospectus fulfillment and mutual fund interim volumes, while also supporting underlying proxy position growth. Event-driven fee activity was higher by approximately $8 million, primarily due to a pickup in Mutual Fund Proxy activities. We had record first quarter earnings per share. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased over fiscal year 2013 by approximately 117% to $0.39. This earnings growth was primarily due to higher revenues and improved productivity from our strategic initiatives. We're off to a great start to the fiscal year. While our market-based activities were trending positively across both segments, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first 2 quarters' earnings results historically make the least significant contribution to our full year results. We will have a clearer view of any ongoing full year impact of increased market-based activities after the end of our second quarter. We are now reaffirming our full year guidance at this time, including recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2 to $2.10; and free cash flow of approximately $275 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. Please turn to Slide 5, our closed sales performance. Recurring revenue closed sales were up 10% to $15 million from approximately $14 million last year. We did not close any transactions with revenues of $5 million or greater this quarter. Usually, our first quarter closed sales of less than $5 million contribute the smallest amount to the full year results. Generally, it is more difficult to schedule meetings and close new business during the summer months. Our pipeline remains robust, with very good momentum. We continue to make good progress on our emerging and acquired products portfolio and our jointly launched Accenture Post-Trade Processing platform. We were pleased to hear Accenture's view of the importance and potential of our alliance during Accenture's Investor and Analyst Conference on October 8. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2014 recurring revenue closed sales in the range of $110 million to $150 million, which includes closed sales with revenues of $5 million or greater in the range of $20 million to $40 million. Let's go to Slide 6, some key updates. The SEC has approved the New York Stock Exchange's proposed fee changes on the distribution of proxy materials to beneficial shareholders. Included in the approval, the adoption of and fees for, an Enhanced Broker Internet Platform, or EBIP. As you heard me say, EBIP is in essence the same as our Investor Mailbox product, which we have successfully rolled out to 16 firms with an additional 8 firms in the process of implementation. We were pleased the New York Stock Exchange's proposal has been approved. We believe this is a win for all constituents, including corporate issuers, broker-dealers, regulators, investors and Broadridge. We are especially excited by the potential of EBIP. As we have discussed in the past, we believe the industry's use of innovative digital technologies will result in greater transparency, cost savings and higher participation in voting and in the corporate governance process by investors. In addition, we believe the approval of EBIP will drive accelerated adoption of our Investor Mailbox product and will also add to our growing digital solutions. Over the next several years, we anticipate that our full suite of Fluent digital solutions will move the needle in reducing the $20 billion of paper and postage spend our industry still spends on communications with investors. Broadridge will implement all the approved changes in an expeditious manner, as the fee changes go into effect during fiscal year 2014. We continue to believe the net financial impact of these approved fee changes will be neutral to slightly positive on Broadridge. We are very pleased that this long, complex industry initiative has successfully concluded. In August, we completed an offering of $400 million senior fixed-rate notes at 3.9% per annum. We used the proceeds of the offering to pay the remaining $400 million outstanding under our 5-year term loan. Given the market's outlook and our expectations, we believe it was advantageous to lock in a fixed rate at the time before the inevitable rise in interest rates. The resulting increase in annual interest rate expense is already reflected in our guidance. We are pleased to share that The Walt Disney Company is now live as a Broadridge transfer agency client. We are not only excited because of the iconic Disney brand, but also because of our ability to close a deal with arguably the largest in-house corporate stock transfer operation. As you may recall, we entered the stock transfer agency business primarily as a servicer of companies with a smaller number of shareholders. Over the last 3 years, we have been upgrading the technology platform to be in a position to service clients, such as Disney, which has one of the largest and most diverse global shareholder bases. Our differentiated and disruptive transfer agency strategy enables full communications between companies and all of their shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Dan, who'll go into more detail about the quarterly financial results.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. Let's move to Page 7, our key financial drivers. The page, by the way, is broken into 2 sections. The top section shows our revenue drivers and their contributions to recurring revenues; and the bottom section has total revenues, as well as margins and earnings per share. So let's focus on the top section and the drivers. The yellow bar shows that our recurring revenues, as Rich mentioned, grew 11% this quarter and our recurring revenue growth guidance for the year of the 5% to 7%. At the top of this chart, you can see revenues from closed sales, that is 8 points of growth primarily from expected prior-period sales. And as for the fiscal year, we're expecting 7 to 8 points of recurring revenue growth from closed sales. The next line, the client revenue loss rate is at our expected 2% or, by the way, a 98% retention rate for the quarter. For the full year, we still expect a loss rate of about 3%. And as we pointed out in August, about 1 point of that loss and slightly above, for the year, is directly attributable to a business we're restructuring in the SPS segment. So be thinking much more than 98% on an ongoing basis. Internal growth, which is the next line, from trade volumes and stock record positions, was very favorable in Q1, adding 4 points of growth. Our full year outlook was and remains at flat to slightly up, as no 1 quarter is indicative of the full year. But we do like the trend in volumes that have been positive for the last 2 quarters. The next line, our acquisition of Bonaire in the ICS segment added 1 point of growth to the quarter and we expect this business to add about a point to the full year as well. Our guidance, by the way, does not take into consideration the effect of any future acquisitions. Now let's move down to the next section that shows on a total revenue basis, are what I just shared with you 11% recurring revenue growth translates to 7 points of growth to total revenues. Then adding in event-driven and distribution revenues, which were both up due to improved activity in Mutual Fund Proxies, you can see that our overall total revenues grew about 10%. A very nice start, by the way, to the fiscal year. Moving on to both margins and EPS for the quarter, more than doubled from a year ago and were above our expectations. To put the EPS growth of $0.21 for the quarter into perspective, let me share with you the following 2 points. About 1/2 or just under $0.10 came from expected net new business and gains in efficiencies, including the remaining benefit from our IBM data center migration. And the other half, from market-driven activities, related to trades and mutual funds which came in above our expectation. As we typically do, we'll monitor the market-based activities, as Rich already mentioned, during the next quarter to see what the trends suggest as we move forward. But this is what I'd like you to take away from this page and the next 2 pages, as you review them. Both businesses are contributing to a net new business growth, with ICS continuing to contribute, as historically the case. And by the way, very important, SPS is adding to its revenue base 8 points of growth due to net new business. When you look at it, 11 points coming from sales and then, as we said, the loss rate of about 3 points. Next point, both businesses are positioned for growth, given the new recurring sales activities Rich just shared with you on Page 5 of the closed sales performance. And of course, finally, both businesses, of course, are benefiting from the upmarket activities we've discussed. So Rich, I'm going to skip the next 2 pages and move on to Page 10, and turn it back to you.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 10 for my summary wrap-up. I am very pleased with the great first quarter start in fiscal year 2014. Recurring revenues continue to be strong. Closed sales are growing and we have a robust and growing pipeline. Favorable market-based activities in the first quarter, such as equity trading and mutual fund volumes, continue to be encouraging. We will have a clearer view of any ongoing full year impact of increased market-based activities after the end of our second quarter. Our client revenue retention rate was a strong 98%. We have a clear strategy for our journey ahead to drive top quartile returns to stockholders. With strong performance of top and bottom line growth in both our ICS and SPS segments, we believe our industry recognizes Broadridge's unique value proposition to its clients. The service profit chain is the foundation of our success. We continue to invest in our Associates worldwide, knowing that they will produce outstanding results for our clients. Our extraordinary client revenue retention rate reflects the value that they deliver. And that achievement, in turn, translates into great returns for our stockholders. Significant changes continue at financial services firms globally, and our product solutions are aligned to the growing needs of this complex industry. Looking ahead, we have a clear and executable strategy, focused on 3 major macro trends. They are: The digital transformation of investor communications; mutualization of duplicative non-differentiating industry costs; and the third trend, providing our clients with intelligence from data by structuring and analyzing the enormous amount of data that we process across our businesses. We continue to make progress and investments in the execution of our strategy to take advantage of the potential presented by these 3 key macro trends. To our digital strategy, our Fluent suite of solutions is already creating significant efficiencies in communications to investors by reducing unnecessary fixed costs while also increasing investor engagement. With a large client signed last quarter, our digital solutions will only gain more momentum, the stage now set for the wide adoption of EBIP, our industry, our Investor Mailbox or our Investor Mailbox solution, one and the same. In cost mutualization, we have already signed a significant client, Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking, on the Post-Trade Processing platform we jointly launched with Accenture. Our solution is designed to help the bank improve competitiveness, adopt the changes in regulation and market infrastructure and reduce cost. We were pleased that on October 14, the first phase of the transformation has been completed, with SocGen transferring its securities processing back-office operations to Accenture. Moving to the second phase, we are now working to convert the securities processing onto Broadridge's technology platform. With respect to our data solutions. Broadridge processes a wealth of data to our platforms and networks. Our Access Data, Bonaire, Investago and both analytics products are approaching $50 million per year in data solution revenues. We recently created the ProxyPulse report in collaboration with PwC's Center for Board Governance to provide important insight to directors, company officers and large investors regarding voting trends, benchmarks and other key governance issues. These 3 macro trends create promising new growth opportunities for our associates, unique value for our clients and attractive, long-term total stockholder returns. Our journey going forward will be focused on the activities that will enable our industry to benefit from the enhanced customer experience and cost savings to our digital mutualization and data analytics solutions. We expect our journey will enable us to create top quartile stockholder returns. We remain confident in our fiscal year 2014 guidance. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth, driven primarily from closed sales. We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $2 to $2.10, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization cost. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations are anticipated to be in the range of $1.89 to $1.99. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $275 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our extraordinary associates. Our highly engaged associates have enabled us to deliver record performance to close out the last fiscal year and to continue that momentum into this fiscal year. It's their commitment that enabled the high client satisfaction and resilient performance we maintained throughout the financial crisis. It is our associates who will create the ability for Broadridge to take advantage of the many market opportunities that are now appearing, as we head towards more normal market activities. I'll now turn the call over to Shannon, the operator, and we really look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: About half of the earnings growth that you both addressed in the quarter came from market-driven activity, equity trade volumes, mutual fund event-driven activity and stock record growth. Could you talk about the growth you saw in each one of those 3 drivers? And to what extent do you think the growth you saw in the September quarter is sustainable for the next 12 to 18 months?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. The market activity -- what's terrific about Broadridge and the linkage between both of our segments is that it's not just trading volume. But trading volume drives more communication volume, okay? Positive markets generally drive more mutual fund activity, with retail investors getting into the market both through individual positions and mutual fund positions. So the positive market activity that we've seen going on right now affects most of the products that we have in a positive way. I also added in my comments that it also helps support the underlying stock record positions, which is record date start to take place in January and February for proxy season. Right now, one would anticipate that being a slightly positive trend as well in terms of supporting the growth of those positions. David, I specifically said that we were going to wait, and I said it multiple times because I wanted everyone to hear clearly, we feel great about where we are, we feel great about the trend. It's the first quarter, and the first half overall is not what makes our year or breaks our year. It's certainly starting off great like this and better than we ever have, feels terrific but it's way too early to say that we're going to be looking at guidance or other activities and say that we are confident that we can raise those activities. But it certainly puts us in a position, when I say we're reaffirming it, I'll be reaffirming it with a higher level of confidence than I've ever done before.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Rich, let me just add on that piece. David, part of your question was also, think about it this way, it's a 50-50 mix. And the way I like to put it in perspective is, if you think about that achievement, calling the market-driven ones on trade volumes, because of the up 14%, it also moved this into some of what we call the higher tiers, so we're able to get additional benefit from that. The other side of it was, it was primarily driven by the mutual fund activities. So by giving you the 50-50, we're thinking the other side of it was primarily on the mutual fund side. And by the way, we've gone back and looked at this for many years. I wish I could tell you everything was going to repeat itself from 2007, '08 and '09. But the most important thing is we've seen no definitive trend except it's been slightly up. But if I were to go back and look at anything over the last few years, it's been spiking up, spiking down; spiking up, spiking down. We just have happened to have a nice trend, positive, and we'll take that. That's the other reason we're not ready to come out with anything more definitive than what we've said.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So in other words, you don't quite think you've turned the corner yet in mutual fund event-driven activity or you're just being conservative given the tough few years that we just saw?
Richard J. Daly: Well, let's break the matter into 2 pieces. The term event-driven activity is just that. We have remained confident that funds need to do business, which includes reelecting their boards. And so, over a point in time, we believe that the low-volume trend that we experienced, had as much to do with cost management as anything else when the markets were weak. So we remain clear on our view that the low averages we experienced we don't think were sustainable. However, we don't have the ability, and I don't know anyone who has the ability, to tell us where that turn is. We certainly feel good about where we are right now, but we can only look out about 60 days. So that's another reason why as we get through the first half, we'll have a clearer view to discuss this, at least for this fiscal year, with a little more clarity. In terms of the other market activity, whether you want to use the word conservative or not, we are very confident in the guidance we just reaffirmed. We feel great about the trend. We don't have any reason to see why this trend will or will not continue, but it's certainly a positive position we're in. If we were ever going to consider something like raising guidance, it would be when we're equally confident in the ability to raise guidance as we were in just saying we were reaffirming our guidance. And given that there are variables in this business outside of our control, particularly tied to the market activity that we're referring to, we don't think we have any better ability than you do to say that market activity will continue. And so, until we have the numbers and we can bank on those numbers, because we've actually achieved it, that's the position we're going to take. We'd love to hear your views at a separate point in time in terms of what you think this market activity is, and is it going to continue on this path. On with one last comment. I'm not feeling, though, any headwinds at this point in time. And so when the volume spikes up and down that Dan discussed, it's been a while since we have felt headwinds.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, and by the way Rich, I will totally confirm that piece. As we both said, though, we'll look forward to what the future brings us, but we're not looking at what we did a year ago of a 19% drop in volume when we talk about trades, okay?
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Quick final question for me, if I could. Can you give us a sense of what you saw in terms of market-driven activity in October in terms of trades, mutual fund and proxy record growth?
Dan Sheldon: So let me give you -- so I'm going to give you, by the way, also September and October. Because I'm going to tell you, you saw the quarter-end trade volumes and said, "Wow, up 14%." Well, you know what, I was thrilled when I saw July and August, and then all of a sudden, September dropped down about 4% growth. And then October picked back up to above 10%. That's our whole reason for sitting back and saying, "Let's be cautious and smart here because we're not seeing a trend every single month in a direction meaning very positive up." I just shared with you, it is positive in all those 4 months we just discussed. Does that help you?
Richard J. Daly: Hey, Dave, I'm going to add 2 additional comments here. The 4% is still not a headwind, although it's not a strong wind at the back. 10% feels very, very good. Here's the thing, though, and the key message that both Dan and I said in the call. Whether it be 4% or 10%, we believe that a fairly normal market, we are now positioned because of the investments we made in the products, because of the discipline that we put in both segments to grow both top and bottom lines, positions us to grow both segments going forward in a meaningful way, and that's what is the foundation of our statements and our goal to create top quartile shareholder returns.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. We both totally agree with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Niamh Alexander of KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: The SEC approval a couple of weeks ago or a few weeks ago, what is next? As I know you've already been rolling Fluent out, too. Did you say 16 firms already, said another 8 to go, but walk me through what is actually next now that you've gotten the final blessing? What deals have changed? If it's not changing nothing, it's kind of given as official blessing, what does it change and what should we look for, maybe, in terms of the revenue to flow through as you kind of push through some of these advances in the technology?
Richard J. Daly: Perfect. And I'm delighted you asked the question, Naimh. I want to clarify some wording here. So as we go forward it will be easier for people to follow. What we have decided to do when we went and branded it and trademarked it, et cetera, Fluent is going to be the overall umbrella -- the name Fluent is the overall umbrella for our digital solutions. We took one of our strongest leaders, Douglas DeSchutter, and that's his reason to exist, right? Now when we talk about the Investor Mailbox, the Investor Mailbox is part of the digital solutions which is now part of what we're trying to create the blend of Fluent solutions out there, right? So we actually have 16 brokers live on the Investor Mailbox and 8 in the process of implementation. In all of those, the 16 that are live, we've seen a dramatic increase when the activities that we perform for them digitally are available directly on the broker's website. The EBIP, which is really a simile for Investor Mailbox, will enable us now that there's a regulation out there and a clear indication from the regulators that they believe that this is the right thing for the industry to do, we believe the adoption rate of Investor Mailbox, or EBIP, should go up significantly. So we expect an increase in digital activities as that takes place. Fluent, when we talked about last quarter, closing a major client on Fluent, it's not only a commitment to using Investor Mailbox, but it's the other digital solutions that we are taking to market right now, such as a channel strategy, not only allowing the investor to use our digital proxy solutions, not only enabling that investor to use Broadridge's Investor Mailbox solution, private-labeled on that broker's website, but then going outside of that broker's website to other channels where investors can get information about their brokerage account or about statements, conference or proxies through independent channels, call it things like Amazon, Google, Facebook, et cetera. And we're still building out that technology to enable that seamless transition which is the core of the Fluent product right now under the Fluent suite of products. It's the most important new initiative where you could go and get brokerage information seamlessly through the way you live your life every day, whether that be Amazon Web Services, Google, Facebook, et cetera. And it would be a seamless integration to Broadridge with the broker's branding there, and you could seamlessly move back and forth between what you do in those other channels and what you want to do with your broker in a very convenient way. The key to all that is we don't think the strategy of asking people to live their lives by living -- by memorizing 50 to 100 passwords, go to 50 to 100 different places, to live their life in a normal way, is going to be the winning strategy. We think providing information where people want to go will be the ultimate winning strategy. One last comment, when we sign a Fluent client, we recognize very little in terms of closed sales value. Because at the time they go live, is in essence, no new revenue. What we're basing the revenue on right now is the increases of digital proxy activity that we've historically seen. What we're intending to do is to make this an increase of all communications activity for that broker. And that's how we're going to attack the $2 billion to $3 billion in our sights right now and ultimately the $20 billion at the brokerage, mutual fund and annuity community spends. Sorry for the long answer.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: No, that's helpful, Rich. Especially at the end of it, because I think where we can start to see it come through in the numbers as it were, because there's a lot of work going on behind it. So as you say initially, when you're signing these clients, we shouldn't be looking for a big jump in the pipeline either or anything like that, but the target is to kind of bring on more customers and less of the postage, as it were. And that's helpful. And then -- and I guess just back to kind of the market growth in the comments, because it is like second quarter in a row of nice double-digit mutual fund activity. But you're not really raising your guidance. And it's just -- you talk about better market activity. I mean, trading volume in the U.S. is actually down last quarter versus the prior quarter. I know you're not just in the U.S. So what else is it? Is it people getting into -- what we are seeing is covering financial services, is it just a lot of people going back into mutual funds and to active domestic mutual funds and equities and they've been in bond funds for a long time. So is that trend kind of particularly helping you? Like many more people just getting into equity mutual funds and -- or is it kind of continued growth of the ETF? What specifically should we be looking for there?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Trading activity, Neve, is a really complex topic. Because of what's going on around the globe with our major institutional global clients and the pressure on them as it relates to risk and capital requirements, we are anticipating that because of capital requirements, our institutional volumes could go down slightly, all right? And I think we're already experiencing some of that. Because we've done a strong job, not particularly on the institutional side, not focusing on cost per trade, but the total value, with the last trades having very little incremental revenue to us, that activity coming down, we do not expect to be materially negative, all right? Unless something was to dramatically change even beyond what people are predicting right now because of capital requirements around the globe. Positive markets, we will always have some wind at the back, because it's going to be more investors and, critically important, more positions. The IPO activity that's going on, and I know everyone is going to want to be watching Facebook -- I'm sorry, Twitter at 9:30, okay? Well, I don't care what you think in terms of Twitter going up and down. I can tell you, Twitter is a net positive for Broadridge. These are new investor positions, new trades, new confirmations. And without them doing an IPO, none of that would take place. And these things generally happen more in positive market activities. So looking at trading volumes and saying, "Wow, trading volumes are really up. It's good for Broadridge." Depending on what the mix is, may not necessarily be the case. Looking at overall trading volumes and saying "Um, I don't think this is going to be good for Broadridge," may also not necessarily be the case. That's why, as complicated as it is, Dan and I try to give you the overall pieces and what those pieces actually mean to us. But the trade on the institutional side versus the trade in the retail side are not one and the same.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, I understand, too. Okay, and I was going to give you one thing more. And you asked about the ETFs, absolutely ETFs are helping drive this. And then also, the one other thing we've always talked about is, we used to be able to look at ourselves on various exchanges, like New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, but think about our clients being across all exchanges, all exchanges, and the activity going on there, okay?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: When I look at the mutual fund event-driven revenue, I can see the strength there, with total event driven up maybe 26% and mutual fund up 32%. But can you talk about the interims, and maybe you addressed that on the last question, but with interims up 12%, is that more positions? It doesn't -- that number seems much larger than what I would have expected and that's the only piece of, I think, the market activity comments that you made that I'm not 100% clear on.
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so, look, it's clearly more positions. And when I talk about market activity, that's clearly part of that positive market activity. And retail continues to view the mutual fund channel as a strong preference in terms of the way they participate in the markets.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, let me just add. By the way, if you -- Pete, if you look back to last year, we even had 9% growth out of that space, and what we share with everybody, a lot of that was being heavily dependent upon what ETFs were doing. And this year, it's 12%. So it's not like it's a dramatic change, it's just continuing to be a momentum in that space.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, when I think about the changes in the proxy fee schedule and the EBIP, I guess the way that I think about that is maybe some moderation of mainly distribution revenue. Not mainly distribution revenue, but I guess some moderation of proxy revenue, but also moderation of proxy cost of goods sold. So you were talking about the net benefit or the slight benefit from this change, you're talking about mainly on the operating income line?
Richard J. Daly: Peter, think about this as just another opportunity to increase digital activity. So in all of our digital activity, our fees have gone up, our profit has gone up and our total revenue will be slightly down, right? But recurring fee revenue certainly goes up and that as well. So we're focused on recurring fee revenue and we're focused on, obviously, profit and margins.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then as regards to your guidance for the full year, 5% to 7% growth in recurring revenue but 2% to 4% growth in total revenue. And I believe that your event-driven revenue is -- the guidance is flat for the year. So is the delta all in distribution revenue?
Dan Sheldon: No, no. The delta is in the -- meaning, right now, we're calling both flat for the year, primarily. And so put them as one equals the other. If event-driven is up, distribution's going to be up. If one is down, the other one is going to be down. But the way to think about it right now on our guidance was, we'll wait and evaluate as we see the next couple of quarters, because we can look 60 days out, on the event-driven especially mutual fund proxy's large deals and say whether or not we think that number is going to move or not.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, last question. And I don't know if you mentioned it. How many TA clients do you have now on the registered side?
Richard J. Daly: We have several hundred. But the key that you needed to hear here, is that the Disney position, okay, along with one of -- well, actually, along with a good number of other large clients that we've shared with you in the past, really moves this to, I believe, our model now, with both its differentiation and disruptive communication capabilities, has been recognized by what many people in the industry believed was an issuer with the highest standard and who was unwilling to outsource us in the past because of their view of their shareholders being their critical customers, as well, looking at this and saying, "Our technology play, including, by the way, Fluent, is the way that the world is going to be going." And that was the key to us being able to win this account, but it's not about doing the same old thing. It's about what are you going to do going forward to engage all shareholders into a dialogue, not only about the company, but about the products of the company.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, last question and I'll get back in the queue. But -- and I think you've generally answered this, but in terms of significant upside in the first quarter, essentially did almost what we thought you'd do in the first half. But beyond writing down a small business within securities processing, there is no other offset beyond conservatism for the reason why you're not raising your total guidance today.
Richard J. Daly: Yes. And so, Peter, when I put those comments in there about we're going to wait until after the end of the first quarter, we debated it here, we're going to rely on the fact that the first half is not an equal contributor to Broadridge as the second half. And so we're going to use that situation to take advantage of the fact that we're, in essence, kicking the can down the road to have more data. So if we do decide to change anything, we're doing it with a higher level of confidence and far less time left on the calendar before we could have anything alter that enhanced view. So when I said that I've never been this confident in reaffirming guidance, why don't we leave it at that for now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wanted to start off on the recurring closed sales side. You guys continue to express a lot of optimism or confidence, I should say, in achieving your targets. Is there anything to call out in terms of North American demand trends versus what you may be seeing internationally? Any change there over the last quarter or is it fairly consistent?
Richard J. Daly: Well, it's been consistent going back to what I said after the Accenture initial transaction with SocGen. We see the North American markets having needs. We are continuing to look to expand our product set to meet those needs. And so without, call it, growing opportunity for proven vendors like Broadridge, I would call it about the same as it's been and generally positive momentum. In the last quarter, when we discussed the Accenture transaction, I represented, which is clearly the case in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Australia, we covered those markets with very limited resources and it's a challenge to do that when you're selling a service as mission-critical as securities processing platforms. Now with Accenture and the Accenture army being assigned to bring this to the top 50 banks in those regions, but because of the partners who are signed, the coverage to the top couple of hundred banks in those regions, I would argue right now in terms of that activity, we have better coverage in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Australia than we have anywhere else in the globe right now because of the Accenture army and because of the investment Accenture is making. That's why I specifically referred you so you could look at it yourself to their October 8 Analyst Day, where they specifically spoke about this transaction and their view of the strategic significance of it.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's great to hear. And then just to go back to the digital opportunity. Is there a way -- any target or some way to benchmark your success of Fluent, whether it's a target number of clients, say, 3 years out or a target number of revenues 3 years out? And should we be thinking about the EBIP opportunity really ramping more aggressively, starting in fiscal '15?
Richard J. Daly: It's a great question. And I can tell you that it is a very significant priority within Broadridge. Every product we have, we look at not only where it is today, but what is the opportunity to disrupt that product. Because as I've said many times over the years going back to the spin roadshow, we're going to disrupt ourselves before we allow someone to disrupt us. That's how I started the business in communications and that's how we're going to continue to drive the business. We believe that if you provide people information in a convenient way versus asking them again, to remember 50 to 100 passwords to live their lives. Most importantly, if you provide them better content digitally than they're getting in paper, right? If you can achieve those 2 things, right, you will raise adoption rates dramatically. We've seen the Mailbox raise adoption rates for the investors who regularly use the broker website. So we are encouraged by the potential opportunity here to drive digital. We've already eliminated a high percentage of proxy, over 60% of the paper in that process, because we're really going now and attacking all financial communications across brokerage, mutual fund and annuities, it's way too early to declare, here's where we think we can be. We are confident, though, that we are investing and we are discussing products, we believe, beyond what any other provider is discussing at this point in time. And we believe that this evolution, both in terms of attacking digital and our product set, will ultimately enable us to create meaningful value. I would love to see it start sometime in '15, but I can't say with confidence that I'll be here talking about this new wind at the back because of what we've done -- what we have achieved in digital.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question for me, just maybe some sense on the sales cycle for Fluent amongst the 16 brokers that you already have signed up there.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So again, the 16 brokers are live on Investor Mailbox, or what's now EBIP. We've had probably 100-plus meaningful conversations regarding Fluent, right? And I'm sure that some of our associates are listening to this, they're saying, "I can't believe he only thinks it's 100-plus, right?" This is something that we want to talk about in every C-suite because this is the ultimate win-win. The firm wins by saving meaningful cost and creating a better customer experience. The investor wins by having easier access, which means they will look at it more and have better knowledge about their investments. And we're going to win and create an even stronger relationship with the client beyond the remarkably strong relationships we have today, which enables our 98% client retention rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: My one question isn't so much about the quarter or the fiscal year, it's really about maybe the next decade. So, Rich, calling on your experience with various NYSE committees and the SEC, when do you think it's likely that we'll have another revisitation of proxy distribution rules? Is it something like a decade away, 5 years away, 15 years away? And I realize this is a very forward-looking statement I'm asking of you.
Richard J. Daly: Chris, the only appropriate way to discuss something of that significance is let's talk about the past. I've been involved with this process since 1978, 1979. And the -- let's go over the most recent process. When we were spinning from ADP and when we're in the roadshow, the cloud that your side of the table viewed over us was called Notice and Access. And I was arguing that, that wasn't a cloud. But in those notice and access discussions, there was an initial dialogue about, we should probably include fees in that discussion. I remember specifically, in the largest luncheon we had, previous spin, saying, "Gee, when people who pay bills generally raise the topic of fees, they're generally raising it because they don't -- they're not thinking they want them to go up, right?" I also pointed out, though, that our value proposition is that we believe corporate issuers, broker dealers, mutual funds and everybody who's part of the process, costs should go down. We just don't think it should be the part that they pay us, we have an opportunity to add value. Most important thing, Chris, I just said is that it was over 7 years from the first time in the Notice and Access dialogue I heard someone say, a position of authority, whether it be the stock exchange or the SEC, we should probably be talking about fees, though it took 7 years to conclude that dialogue, all right? It's a long process. It's a very complex process. It involves far more pieces and far more activities. And remember, the end activity that always has to be recognized is protecting investors. What was achieved here in this new fee schedule, okay? The most important thing from a regulatory point of view is that they have every reason to believe based on the beta model we showed them with our Investor Mailbox that be we will raise the eyeballs, the number of eyeballs, when we convert them to digital that actually look at material and having knowledge is what investor protection is all about. So the last fee dialogue, from my point of view, took over 7 years start to finish, right? and I can't imagine a fee dialogue coming about that would not be a long, laborious process, just because of all the moving pieces, all the people that have to opine and the ultimate process of approval, which has to be done in a very careful and thoughtful way by both SROs and regulators.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Nice results and I appreciate the constraint to not raise guidance here 1 quarter in. Just building, I think, on George's question around pipeline and backlog and trends. Just been hearing a lot about delays in deal implementation and longer sales cycles from some of your, I guess, spin tech peers. Spin doesn't sound like that's the case here. Is that fair to say, Rich? And I'm curious why that could be the case, is it simply a bigger shift towards outsourcing and the need for data and things that you call them?
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so Tien-tsin, our product set doesn't perfectly align with anyone else out there. Our commitment to the service profit chain and recognition of our industry, and everyone on this call is part of this industry and knows very directly the cost pressure that the industry is under. We believe that our products align very well with helping our industry achieve what they need to achieve to lower the cost run rate, to, I'll call it, create the new normal and then our industry can continue to grow to the next great level that it's always grown too. So I feel very, very good about, throughout the crisis, our focus on recognizing, without product, we're going to have a problem. Without the ability to grow, we're going to have a problem. I am still driving everyone on our executive committee relentlessly on we have to focus on revenue, we have to focus on controlling our growth and we should never rely on the old normal market activity to get us to where we want to get to. If we get close to normal market activity, that becomes wind at the back, not we're getting back to normal. So we're going to continue to look for ways to build and buy product, we're going to have very, very high standards on our acquisitions, strategically and financially, but we're going to continue what we've done throughout the crisis. And given where both segments are right now, irrespective of what our peers are thinking, we believe we have the ability to grow top and bottom line in both those segments primarily within our control, but, by the way, the markets want to help us, we'll be glad to take it.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Rich, I think you made a great point about acquisition. Look, we will always love the big, big deal. Our acquisitions are going to add $35 million to this year's revenue, okay? That is also where we put our time and attention. So what our peers might be doing or whatever in a big outsourcing type of deal, yes, we haven't heard us announce anything of that nature in this quarter, but you are certainly hearing us talk about the momentum we have in our products that are, what I call, our bread-and-butter, including acquisitions of additional $35 million this year to revenue.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fair enough. Understood. Just switching over to the -- I guess some of the regulatory changes, getting the fees approved and whatnot. I totally understand the confidence that you have that the fee changes should be neutral or positive. Just what's been the feedback then from the client brokers, et cetera? I'm just curious what's driving that level of confidence to seek in the library?
Richard J. Daly: Well, the confidence comes from 2 things. Our fee schedule is math, so we know how our model works really well. So we know how the math works really well. We know what part of that fee change impacts Broadridge, what part of that fee change impacts our clients, right? The part in there where we say neutral to slightly positive is we can't determine with digital accuracy or very clear accuracy, when the EBIP new revenue will be benefiting us and our clients. But we've made certain assumptions there, all right? We're going to be working very hard with a lot of focus to roll this out and at a point in time, this, we believe, can only be positive because anything that leads to more digital revenue, whether it be under the old fee schedule or under the new fee schedule, still creates that win for everyone, with the exception of printers and the post office.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. Let me just ask one more. Stock's obviously up nicely now, 8% if you haven't seen it. Didn't see as much in the way of share repurchases this quarter. Anything to read into there?
Richard J. Daly: We have been consistent in our capital stewardship priorities. So this year, we again raised the dividend. I think we've got a pretty nice and consistent trend there. We think growing earnings and giving cash back to shareholders in the form of a dividend is a very good model. We believe that keeping our investment grade because of the mission-critical services we perform and because of our ambitions to add many more clients to a list of clients on mission-critical services across everything we do, is important in giving them confidence in our were very, very strong proven financial stability. We stated again in this call that adding product is a high priority. I've stated in the past, I was disappointed in that we didn't do more tuck-ins, and when those tuck-in opportunities were not there, because it didn't meet our criteria. There were plenty of deals -- they weren't deals we were willing to do, okay? And so when those tuck ins didn't happen, we're not also looking to hoard or build cash, and we saw a terrific opportunistic times to buy back stock because we were highly confident in being undervalued. Even our confidence in the future, okay, we believe those opportunistic times will be there as we go forward. But my priority would be to do strategic tuck-ins that made strategic and financial sense. And so, there's really nothing new here. And I recognize that because I can't tell you when a deal will be put in front of me, that makes sense. I can't tell you when we're going to be doing more tuck-ins versus more buybacks, but we're committed to use our wonderful free cash flow to enhance our value, as well.
Operator: I am showing that we have no further questions at this time. I would now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Well, we really were hoping to get everyone off the call before the Twitter kick off. But we really, really do appreciate the time that you put into the call and the thoughtful questions and your participation today. Dan, David and I look forward to meeting with you in the near future, we have a luncheon coming up. It's a little cloudy today at our headquarters in Lake Success, but it is clear that it's pretty sunny at Broadridge. I'd encourage all of you to choose to have a great day. We certainly will here. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer and Director Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is April, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to David Ng, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 results. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now, everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and the slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involves risks. These risks are summarized on Slide #1. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filing, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I'd like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the Clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining Outsourcing business is included in the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also, as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2013 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs and restructuring charges. These costs are significant, and we believe that non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide #2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks, with a summary of the financial highlights for fiscal year 2013, followed by a discussion of a few key topics and guidance for fiscal year 2014. Dan Sheldon will then review the financial -- fiscal year financial results in further detail. Rich will return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics. First, I'll start with an overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 financial highlights, as well as our fiscal year 2014 guidance. Then I'll discuss our closed sales performance. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up with my closing comments, including highlights of our ongoing journey to higher total shareholder returns. This journey is driven by our belief that both of our segments will add to both top and bottom line growth going forward. Let's start on Slide #4, our fiscal year 2013 financial highlights. Overall, I'm very pleased with our fiscal year 2013 financial results. Total and recurring revenues were up 6% and 4%, respectively, versus the comparable period in fiscal year 2012. The revenue increases were primarily the result of net new business. Event-driven fee activity was higher by approximately $24 million, primarily due to a pickup in mutual fund proxy and supplemental prospectus activities. Equity stock record positions grew 2% for the year. Equity trade volumes remain challenging and were lower by 6% for the year. However, we are trending positively from being down 19% year-versus-year in the first quarter to being up 6% in the fourth quarter of the year. Please remember, the majority of revenues in SPS are not directly tied to trade volumes. We had a record year in earnings per share. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased over fiscal year 2012 by approximately 13% or $0.21 to $1.88. The earnings growth was primarily due to higher revenues, business mix and our continuing focus on cost containment. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 9 million shares at an average cost of $24.52 per share, about 7% of the total shares outstanding. Approximately 3 million of the shares repurchased were to offset dilution from the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of employee restricted shares. As of June 30, after the fourth quarter repurchase of approximately 3 million shares at an average cost of $26.85 per share, the company had approximately 7 million shares available for repurchase under its share repurchase plan. Please turn to Slide #5. We had a record year in recurring revenue closed sales, which were up slightly to $121 million from $120 million last year. We closed Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking under our strategic alliance with Accenture in our Securities Processing segment. I will talk more about this in our key updates in a few minutes. Recurring revenue closed sales for transactions with revenue less than $5 million were slightly lower at $103 million from $108 million in the same period last year, which was, as you may recall, a record increase of 60% from fiscal year 2011 to fiscal year 2012. Our pipeline growth is strong with very good momentum. We continue to make good progress in our existing and acquired products, both large and small, and across our 2 segments. For fiscal year 2014, we expect recurring revenue closed sales in the range of $110 million to $150 million. For closed sales with revenue of less than $5 million, we expect to be in the range of $90 million to $110 million. For closed sales with revenues of $5 million or greater, we expected to be in the range of $20 million to $40 million. In the past, we said the achievement of this range will be dependent on closing at least one or more of our large pending transactions, which tends to be more difficult to predict the timing. We believe breaking it out at this level of detail may help give our investors a clearer view of our sales guidance. We feel great about our emerging and acquired, or E&A, product portfolio. Our growing E&A activities represented over 40% of our closed sales in fiscal year 2013 and helped us manage through the financial crisis. The success of our E&A portfolio, we believe, will enable Broadridge to grow over the long term even without the return of the historical growth rates of traditional financial activities. Please turn to Slide 6 for some key updates. We recently launched with Accenture a post-trade processing service for investment banks operating in Europe and Asia. This strategic alliance joins together both of our expertise in global capital markets and combines Broadridge's leading post-trade processing technology with Accenture's global business process outsourcing capabilities. The first client on this service is Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking. We fully expect this transaction to generate, on average, over $10 million per year during its term. Our initial target market is the top 50 financial institutions that are looking for ways to focus their resources on revenue-generating activities while dramatically lowering operating cost and increasing scalability at the same time. The belief that trading volumes will not return to historical levels and regardless that spreads will continue to get squeezed is driving this industry to rethink the way business will be done going forward. Access to capital, whether for regulatory requirements or for growth, is also driving the need for change. There is a growing motivation to mutualize some of the more substantial common operating costs. We are seeing this particularly across Europe and Asia. Broadridge and Accenture are uniquely qualified to lead this initiative. The response in the market to our joint solution has been very positive. The go-to-market strategy with Broadridge's brand as a leading financial technology solution provider, along with Accenture's global presence and resources, has created even greater sales momentum and meaningfully adds to our already robust pipeline. Broadridge Fluent, as you may already know, is our digital solutions set for transforming all investor communications. We intend to repeat with Fluent the way Broadridge successfully transformed proxy communications by eliminating approximately 60% of the paper and postage costs. We just signed a major client as they were seeking an innovative suite of solutions to enhance their communications and their customers' experience while furthering their goal of reducing print and paper distribution cost. We believe this is another large potential market as financial institutions are eager to dramatically reduce their $20 billion spend in customer-related print and paper-based distribution annually. Broadridge's initial target market of statements, confirms, fulfillment and other related activities is estimated at approximately $2 billion to $3 billion in annual spend primarily related to printing and postage. We are pleased with our acquisition portfolio. We acquired Bonaire in July, another small tuck-in acquisition. Bonaire provides asset managers and mutual funds with a leading fee calculating rules-based solutions set. For fiscal year 2013, our portfolio of acquisitions contributed approximately $175 million in revenue with $50 million in EBITDA. We anticipate the acquisitions will generate approximately $210 million in revenue with $65 million in EBITDA in fiscal year 2014. This is 20% revenue growth and 30% EBITDA growth. Worth repeating, our E&A product portfolio has and will continue to enable Broadridge to grow, without the return of historical financial market transaction growth, giving us only upside if and when transaction growth resumes. Now let's turn to Slide 7 to discuss our fiscal year 2014 guidance. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7% in fiscal year 2014. The recurring revenue growth will be driven primarily by new closed sales and converting some of these new sales and existing closed sales backlog into revenue. We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $2 to $2.10, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations are anticipated to be in the range of $1.89 to $1.99. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of approximately $250 million to $300 million. We continue to generate strong free cash flow, which enables us to again increase our dividend for the sixth consecutive year by approximately 17% to $0.84 per share. Going forward, we are targeting a 40% payout of net earnings. We remain committed to building shareholder value through effective capital stewardship. This includes paying a meaningful dividend. We will look to grow our dividend as earnings grow to maintain the 40% payout ratio. We will continue to reinvest in our business, including new product development and strategic tuck-in acquisitions. Over the last 6 years, since being a public company, Broadridge has spent approximately $500 million on tuck-in acquisitions. Last year, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 7% of our outstanding shares. Additionally, we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. Broadridge's capital stewardship capabilities have and will continue to create meaningful shareholder returns. Now I'll turn the call over to Dan, who will go into a few more details about fiscal year 2013's financial results and our fiscal year 2014 guidance. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I'm now on Slide 8. The chart shows what happened last year and the midpoint guidance for all of our revenue components in fiscal year '13 and '14, looking at recurring, distribution and event-driven. On a go-forward basis, we will continue to focus on the 3 categories as all are impacted by our strategic direction where we're looking to drive our primary growth in revenues from recurring revenue. As Rich just mentioned, our guidance for recurring revenues in fiscal year '14 is a range of 5% to 7%. To recap the drivers behind this, we're estimating the following, which are the details to the far right. Closed sales are expected to contribute 7% to 8%, which over 60% has already been sold and being converted. Given our new products and past acquisitions, this contribution to revenue has been growing every year, as you can see from the chart. Again, this is all organic growth. Moving to client revenue retention rate of just over 97%. We've talked historically of 99%. But as part of our final adjustment to rightsizing the SPS business post-Penson, we decided to further merge some of our operations, which increased the loss rate by just over a point. Moving on to internal growth. Last year was definitely impacted by a drop-off in trade volumes, which impacted both of our segments, especially in the first half. However, as we exited FY '13, we saw some positive momentum, so at the high end of our guidance, we added a point of growth. Acquisitions over the last 2 years have been minimal, but as Rich mentioned, those we've made previously are providing great contributions to net new business and EBITDA, and we expect to continue to pursue strategically aligned tuck-ins that meet our investment criteria. This gives us an estimated recurring revenue growth range of the 5% to 7% I already mentioned. Now moving back to the graph. For distribution and event-driven revenue growth, you'll see both are slightly down in fiscal year '14 versus '13. Now the rationale is that although in Q1, and especially in Q4 of fiscal year '13, we saw a pickup, there is no trend yet, so we're taking a prudent approach and averaging the last 2 years for our guidance for fiscal year '14. So although the overall revenue growth at the midpoint is estimated to be 3%, at the bottom of the page, you can see that our EBIT margins are expected to expand by 100 to 160 basis points, and this expansion is driven primarily from the recurring revenue growth with additional benefits from the fiscal year '13 restructuring in the SPS business. Let's move to Slide 9. We continue to see above mid single digit revenue growth for the Investor Communications business and margin expansion in the business, which is driven primarily from new recurring sales and a 99% client retention rate. We're pleased that in July, we acquired Bonaire, which will benefit our continued growth in the mutual fund space. And even with a slight pullback in event-driven and related distribution revenues, we're expecting a 50 to 90 basis points margin improvement driven by the business. Let's move to Slide 10, Securities Processing. As mentioned last quarter, we're definitely seeing positive momentum for growth here, and it's coming primarily from net new business. Looking at the drivers. Sales, last year's sales contributed 6% to overall revenues, and in fiscal year '14 we're expecting over 7% with over 70% coming from sales having already been sold and being converted. Retention, looking at this segment, a 96% retention rate for next year, still a good retention rate. And this is after our final reorganization post-Penson where we've merged and exited a business line, which cost us a couple of points of retention in this segment but improved the bottom line. Internal growth, trade volumes were up in Q4 by 6%, but for the year down overall 6%. So our current guidance for fiscal year '14 assumes at the midpoint flat with a slight upside at the high end and a slightly downside at the low end of the guidance. With respect to fiscal year '14 margins, where we're improving by 190 to 390 basis points, you should think about this as we're getting the majority of the uptick on the low end from the changes we made in the business and the rightsizing, and on the upside, the additional benefit from higher sales and a slight improvement in trade volumes. Rich, I'll turn it back over to you.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 11 for my summary wrap-up. I am very pleased with our record operating results for fiscal year 2013. Recurring revenues continue to be strong, closed sales at a record and we have an expansive and growing pipeline. Our client revenue retention rate was a strong 99%. Market-based factors that add to our underlying business such as trading volumes and event-driven activities are encouraging. The New York Stock Exchange Proxy Fee Advisory Committee report has recognized Broadridge's indispensable role in the proxy process and has endorsed the adoption of an Enhanced Broker Internet Platform, or EBIP, which is one of the products under our comprehensive digital solution. The SEC approval process has always been difficult to predict, and at times, has a very long cycle. We are fully prepared to implement any recommended changes. These changes, we believe, will help increase investor participation in the voting and governance process and will only create upside for investors, corporate issuers and Broadridge. As I have mentioned before, we are on a journey to continuously drive value for shareholders, clients and associates. Today, we have a growing and diverse portfolio of strongly positioned products serving large and attractive markets. We have already talked about the success of our emerging and acquired product portfolio that is on track to exceed our other products and closed sales. As we move forward on our journey, we believe Broadridge is uniquely differentiated to grow by capitalizing on 2 major macro trends beginning to transform the industry we serve. We are especially excited about the digital distribution adoption trend as it permeates into the financial services industry. Our Broadridge Fluent suite of digital communications services addresses this evolution by providing a solution to aggressively eliminate paper-based mail and printing cost just as we did successfully in our proxy distribution business. We will enable lower cost to our clients, a better customer experience and meet all compliance and data security needs. We're also excited about the trend towards the serious drive for the financial industry to reduce cost. In the wake of the financial crisis, companies continue to urgently seek ways to dramatically decrease operating costs while still retaining the flexibility to participate in dynamic markets, be in compliance with changing regulations and to grow their businesses. The new normal trading and transactions environment is forcing firms to look for more innovative ways to handle mission-critical, non-differentiated internal processes. Our BPO solution, and in particular, our strategic alliance with Accenture, are addressing these needs. We believe that as firms begin to mutualize parts of their operations, trustworthy, reliable and technology-driven companies with global scale like Broadridge will be well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. These significant macro trends, along with our existing 150-plus products, give us multiple paths for future growth for both of our segments. ICS has been a strong contributor, recovered quickly from the financial crisis and with the addition of the emerging and acquired products has performed very well. SPS is on a solid foundation with a deep backlog of closed sales and a strong alliance with Accenture in Eurasia with their global reach and resources. Both segments are expected to be strong contributors and value creators going forward. Our success is based on our service profit chain culture that is supported by our highly engaged associates and is evidenced by our having been recognized as one of the best places to work for in New York State for the sixth consecutive year, in Canada for the fifth consecutive year and now in India in 2013. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 5% to 7% in fiscal year 2014 driven primarily by closed sales. We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $2 to $2.10, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be in the range of $1.89 to $1.99. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $275 million at the midpoint of our range. Broadridge has never been better positioned for the long term than we are today. Finally, I'd again like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our extraordinary associates. Our highly engaged associates have enabled us to achieve all we have accomplished this fiscal year. It's their commitment that enables us to successfully create shareholder value. I'll now turn the call over to April, the operator, and we certainly encourage your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Togut with Evercore.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: This is Rayna Kumar for David Togut. Could you please discuss the unit pricing trends in both your Investor Communications business and trade processing businesses in the fourth quarter?
Dan Sheldon: When you're talking -- this is Dan. So Rayna, when you're talking about the pricing, are you talking about price increases, concessions, what exactly?
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Overall price increases.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, okay. So overall -- by the way, in the Investor Communications business, you should be thinking that there has really never been a significant amount of pressure on pricing there because in that business, with all the new products and everything else that we've offered, we've never been forced to be in that position. And we've been well beyond now any kind of real pricing pressure inside the SPS business, where we've also gone out there and looked at our product sets and said, "How should we be thinking about pricing going forward in a positive sense?" But there's no real impact to our fourth quarter from any of the pricing.
Richard J. Daly: And Rayna, this is Rich. I would add one other thing here. When you think about what I said in the call here, remember, the majority of revenue in SPS is not tied to the trading volumes. As we look at core services and pricing of certain core services going forward, we're looking to be certain that the value we provide is not just tied to a transaction but that the value we provide is recognized. A good example would be regulatory change. We've looked at the course of regulatory change, which in prior years where trade volumes always went up, it was easy to absorb. Going forward, regulatory change will be looked at separately and outside of the unit cost per trade.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. Also, if you can just discuss your outlook for stock record growth for FY '14 and FY '15, that would be really helpful.
Richard J. Daly: Well, as you heard me say, we had a 2% increase last year, which we do feel good about. It does show that some momentum is starting to return. We are not planning on transaction growth, whether it be trade or stock record, as we build our models in any material way. We're planning on new product, whether it be built or acquired. We're planning on new services like the Eurasia activities with Accenture and Fluent to drive revenue growth as we go forward, which as I said in the call, only provides us upside if historical momentum returns to the markets.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. And by the way, let me just add one other thing. If you do look at the key stats pages here, you will still see in the SPS business a little bit of degradation from what we're calling an internal growth. But remember, we are still feeling the impact of getting out of the Penson and getting into the Apex deal, and that does carry through to Q1 next year. But then as I mentioned before, Rich said it very clearly, which is we are looking at how we price our products and we shouldn't have those kind of threats going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the Accenture deal. You kind of mentioned on your prepared remarks, this is the first transaction. So -- and can you give me a sense of maybe where you are in the dialogue with potential other customers in the SPS segment? I mean, is it kind of past the first pitch as it were? Help me think about the length of time maybe it gets from working with Accenture on a pitch or just once you get the customer signed up even to kind of delivery. Because it looks like these are nice, sizable -- it's a nice, sizeable deal and this maybe something that you could leverage to other companies, but I'm trying to get a sense of the real -- how real these opportunities are and the timing.
Richard J. Daly: Niamh, this is Rich. Thank you. There are 3 takeaways I'd like you to have on the alliance we have with Accenture. First is brand. With Accenture now using their resources and their reach to discuss this with the top Eurasia institutions, the Broadridge brand is dramatically being better recognized and our skill set on our capabilities is becoming standard in C-suite dialogue. So we are very, very excited by that. Two, tied directly to that is if you look at our market coverage capabilities at Broadridge, we feel very good about North America. We've always been challenged outside of North America, covering the geography with fairly limited resources. I would argue now that our best market coverage, because of this alliance with Accenture, is the Eurasia market just because of the number of resources they have that cover every institution on a regular basis. Specifically now going with that as the background on brand and coverage, to your question, Accenture has initially targeted, to our understanding, the top 50 financial institutions in Europe and Asia. Because of the partners that cover those 50 institutions, they're naturally talking to a number higher than those 50. In their initial dialogue, there's been over a 50% request for a follow-up dialogue with the institutions they've met with, and so we are very, very excited about the momentum. And that's why even on the ones that we've added now to our pipeline, it's given us a dramatic increase in terms of what we anticipate will be the success of this. Let me be very clear though. Whether it be Broadridge or Accenture, neither of us went into this to do 1 or 2 transactions. It's not over until it's over, but we believe there's a clear market need. We believe we're uniquely positioned together to provide the best proven solution, emphasis on the word proven. There's lots of people talking about theoretical solutions. This is out there, and it really works. So we will keep you posted, but as of this point, we are extraordinarily excited about the potential of this alliance and what it will mean to our SPS segment.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just help me understand a little bit better the timing. Because you just signed it, should we think about maybe this thing coming off the pipeline into the revenue in like fiscal '15? Because I'm sure it's a lot of work. I mean, the Bloomberg project was quite a lot of work and took a while to get off the pipeline and to revenue.
Richard J. Daly: I'm so pleased you asked the question as well because even the way we broke out our sales, there's a clear recognition that the smaller transactions, which convert to revenue on a more timely basis, are still critical to us because we're not realigning, for example, on the Accenture alliance generating revenue of any material nature in '14 or '15, okay? As time goes on, though, I would hope that we're going to have a meaningful backlog of larger transactions that every year, you'll be able to predict when they flow in as we continue to close these transactions and as we get through the various stages of conversions. As of this point in time, okay, you shouldn't anticipate any meaningful revenue from this alliance again in '14 or '15. I'd like to think going forward beyond that, we're going to see a nice uptick.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And Dan, if I could, just on the financials a little bit. I mean, we're reading that the share count guidance isn't changing. And you did some pretty active share repurchases last year. Why no change in share count guidance there? Is it -- I expect you'll be opportunistic, but is it that deal activity's picked up a little bit, you just closed something, seller expectations are maybe coming closer in line? And then secondarily on the debt, and forgive me, I might have missed it, but did you already kind of term out the debt? I know you have some very inexpensive short-term debt, but with spreads and things changing, you had been guiding to kind of expected to kind of term out that debt and it could be more expensive.
Dan Sheldon: Well, let's take the shares first. On the shares buyback, okay, I think you can look at the balance sheet and you can obviously see that we're -- from 1.25, we're down to 1.19. And then, of course, right now, we don't show anything in our numbers except for what we've already done that continues through to next year, which still lowered the share count. But we haven't given any guidance of further repurchases. On the piece on the debt, the debt was all renegotiated a year or so back. What we did say and we continue to say is that, and you'll look at our numbers we gave for guidance, is that we obviously said, too, that we would look to get more permanent or fixed versus the variable we have today. So that is still in our plan, and you'll see that $10 million to $12 million of increased interest expense for next year.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And that's built into the guidance already, Dan, right?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it is. Yes, and you'll see that in the line.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just back, I guess, on to the deals question, you just closed one. Help me understand how you're feeling about discussions with kind of tuck-in acquisitions because the cash generation is so strong. The dividend is kind of 40% of all this cash you're earning. So help me understand where you are in the conversations versus last year and seller expectations, things like that.
Richard J. Daly: This is Rich again. It's really going to be a repeat of our philosophy from the past. We believe that transactions that fit well within our space for the right price, with the right owner. We will not go outside of what we believe is our DNA, and we will not overpay just for the sake of getting a transaction done. Given how confident we are now in both segments, our willingness and desire to expand the capabilities of both segments is as high as it's ever been. So I would be disappointed if we were not more successful with tuck-ins over this next fiscal year, including -- because we do have such strong cash flow capabilities, generation capabilities. With all that said, I think we've consistently proved to people we don't do deals for the sake of doing deals. We don't do deals because we didn't do a deal this year or we did a lot of deals that year. We do transactions because we believe that it will add to shareholder value and we're confident that we're the right owner of it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Georgios Mihalos with Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wanted to start off on the margin front, specifically as it relates to ICS. The 50 to 90 basis points of expansion, which is stronger than what we were looking for, and I think historically you guys are targeting around the 50 basis point range. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving that? And should we expect the higher level of margin expansion on a go-forward basis in the segment?
Dan Sheldon: George, Dan. We haven't really changed anything from there. The way you should look at it is even continuing in the ICS business, primarily it is all coming from the business. And what we're sharing with everybody there is although it's slightly higher, we also did a lot of work this last year to make sure that we could hit the targets we wanted to hit as we moved into '14. So you should maintain exactly what were before. When you're looking at the, we'll call it, the higher mid single digit revenue growth, which they have, the 6% to 8%, you should be thinking more in like we said that 50 to 60 basis points range.
Richard J. Daly: George, this is Rich. I want to add one thing here, which you prompted me. In the last call, not this call, the call before this, I made it clear that both segments would contribute and grow their bottom line through revenue growth and/or cost management. In our committed journey to higher shareholder value, both segments have clear executable plans, okay, to grow revenue. However, if for whatever reason market activity is not where we would like it to be or where we expect it to be, both segments have clear expense management plans as well that we will execute if we need to do that. So what I want to emphasize here is that we're always looking to make ourselves more efficient. We're always looking to apply technology to make ourselves more efficient and there will always be a natural opportunity in both businesses to do that, all right? Our ideal path going forward is to grow revenue and invest in new product, but we have multiple paths, as I said in the call, to achieve our plans, and those multiple paths include both revenue growth and expense management, if need be, beyond even what we have in the plan right now.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's great color. And just to follow up, you talked about optimism around the Eurasia platform and demand in -- or seemingly demand in Europe and Asia. Can you talk a little bit about conversations you're having with some of the U.S. investment banks? Are they starting to -- some of the larger ones, are they starting to take a closer look at potentially outsourcing their trade processing businesses as perhaps those platforms and businesses are not quite as strategic as they were a couple years ago?
Richard J. Daly: George, the dialogues really have never been more active. And I had dinner with a senior technology executive at a large U.S.-based investment bank last night, and his comment to me was it really feels like it's a good time to be Broadridge. We agree with that sentiment. At the same time, these are complicated transactions, and they require a lot of effort. And as I said in the call, timing is often difficult to predict. That's why we deal with the sales ranges we deal with. We believe that the best institutions will find a way to participate in mutualization of non-differentiating costs, and the estimates of what that cost is go from $20 billion to an extraordinarily higher number. We think Broadridge is well positioned as that transformation takes place to participate in that in a meaningful way. We also believe, as we did in Eurasia, having key partners like Accenture will be critical to that success as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Heckmann with Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: As regards to bookings, am I correct that the total bookings for the quarter were about $63 million? Is my math right?
Richard J. Daly: Yes.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And when we look at that number and we look at the $18 million of bookings larger than $5 million, would that represent 2 deals, $18 million, one in Fluent and one in the Société Générale deal?
Richard J. Daly: We don't talk specifically about the specific transactions to a strong degree, Pete, because of client confidentiality agreements. So the Fluent transaction is something that I will talk about in terms of -- as Dan and I sit here and try to predict what the value of the transaction is, we generally take a very conservative view because it's based on converting their existing paper and postage to digital and although we -- and I'm certainly very confident that we'll do it at a very high percentage, all right? Until those percentages actually happen and convert into revenue, we're not recognizing that in our closed sales number at this point in time. So the amount related to the Fluent sale is not overly material, okay, although I, Rich Daly, believe that, that will be a very meaningful transaction over its life as we convert a meaningful percentage of this paper-based activity to digital. And let me get a plug in here. We're going to do that not only by having the technical capabilities and the data security capabilities, but we're also going to be providing better content digitally than people are getting right now in paper-based products, just like we did in proxy.
Dan Sheldon: Just to add on to that piece. So Pete, if you're trying to figure out when you said you got the $18 million, which is the larger deal, and you said the $63 million, you take the $18 million off the $63 million and be thinking that number, which is in the 40s, is what's going to move into fiscal year '14 revenue, and the other would move further out.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair enough. And then just one clarifying, and I'm sure I can get this from the transcript, but I missed it. When you were talking about Société Générale and Accenture, you had said something about $10 million in revenue per year, and I wanted to clarify. Was that specifically Société Générale, or is that a longer-term target opportunity you're looking at?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So what I did there was again, and tied to using, I'll call it, very broad general numbers, I said that over its life at least, all right, this transaction includes many components and we expect will have meaningful evolution, not only for this particular client, but then as the alliance takes on more activities and client naturally add those activities over the life of the transaction as well. But the $10 million at least was related to our piece of the SocGen transaction.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then moving on, it looks like event-driven was up about 40%, 45% year-over-year. I know that comes through at a pretty high incremental margin. Would it be fair to say that, that added perhaps $0.03 to $0.04 in EPS through the quarter?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it's a great point. In the fourth quarter, that's what I meant when I said in the first quarter, we saw a little bit of an uptick, call it, $5 million. Then we saw nothing for the next 2 quarters, and then we had a whopping $18 million come in, in the fourth quarter. And yes, those high margins added on a few cents. I would tell you greater than $0.04, okay?
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, great. And then on the share count, remind me, is it the first quarter where you typically see a step-up in share count related to stock compensation?
Dan Sheldon: The first quarter and the third quarter.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: The first and the third. Okay, so the...
Dan Sheldon: Remember, what we've always said is it's around $2 million.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay, $2 million. Okay, and then just lastly, you brought up the SEC and what can be a protracted process to approve or disapprove a proposal. If you could, because I can't find it myself, but I did read it in an article that suggested that the SEC does have, in fact, a finite time line to actually reject or approve or disapprove a proposal, and if that's the case, could you give us an idea of what that deadline would be?
Richard J. Daly: Sure, Pete. And I deliberately didn't discuss the timetable of the existing data out there for August because it's not as black and white as a finite time line as you read specifically. What do I mean by that? There is a time line, but they can request from the SRO or they can have dialogues with other people or they can create another filing that can kick the can down the road, so to speak, if they are not completed with their analysis or if they want to have more discussions. So for example, it wouldn't surprise me at all if the SEC said to the New York Stock Exchange, "Gee, the deadline's coming up. We'd like more time to look at it." I'm virtually 100% certain that the New York Stock Exchange would always agree to an extension of a dialogue for a change of this nature, which is additive but not required in current market activities.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up would be does your fiscal '14 guidance specifically assume that the current PFAC proposal is accepted in its current form?
Richard J. Daly: And in our guidance, regardless of whether it went through or not, it's not a single year material activity. What it is, Pete, is the ongoing evolution to drive more activities digital. So when you hear about the Fluent suite of products, I said EBIP, which is the proposal of the SEC, is one of the many products in that suite. So we're going to enable digital to happen, okay, with or without EBIP. The key that I think that will make EBIP happen is that investor participation rates will go up with technology. The SEC wants more investors to participate in the corporate governance process because if they're participating in the corporate governance process, they're also more knowledgeable about their investments because in order to participate, you get the materials and you wind up reviewing the materials. So again, what I said was very clear. There's no downside here. There's no financial downside, and there's no positioning downside. We are hopeful it will happen sooner rather than later, but we don't want to create an expectation for something we can't control.
Operator: Your next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a few questions. First on Accenture, just trying to understand the partnership a little bit better. Should we assume that they will do the integration work, the consulting work upfront and alleviate some of the upfront costs for you in a normal implementation?
Richard J. Daly: Tien-Tsin, it's a great point. So this is really, for us, more traditional ASP-type work. However, given our existing BPO capabilities and BPO skills, it enables us to work with Accenture far more effectively than had we not built that skill set over the last several years. But you should be seeing -- what you said, I would say generally overall is directionally correct, that it's Accenture's resources that will be the primary heavy lifting of the conversion and outsourcing activities.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. Yes, because it seems like it would lower the upfront costs of conversion. So I guess my follow-up to that specifically would be why not work with other systems integrators and consultants or partner up with them to attack this in the United States?
Richard J. Daly: It's a good question, and the conclusion that we had to come to as we went through, I'll call it, a very dynamic process that ultimately had us and Accenture partnering together made us realize that the complexity of these transactions is something that would be, for us, very difficult to be repeating with multiple partners just from a resource-focused execution capability. This is not saying I'm going to distribute a widget through these 5 entities. This really involves our most significant intellectual capital resources from around the world, not just Eurasia, and what we're looking to create here is a very solid, repeatable, executable process. We don't want to be too spread -- spread too thin on it, and our style is to do something really well once and then repeat it.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, now that's fair enough. Figured I'd ask. Just one more. Just on the closed sales, thinking about Slide 8. We've been hearing a lot from other tech firms about delayed conversions of backlog. It seems to be a theme at least this quarter. Did you buffer against some of that here in terms of converting your closed sales book? Because that's obviously a big contributor to the recurring revenue growth this year.
Richard J. Daly: Our conversion track record, Tien-Tsin, I'm not aware of anyone's being as strong as ours. I kind of say we're like the Marines. We've never not successfully closed a conversion, and I'm not aware of an entity that regardless of whether it was an easy conversion or a difficult conversion, after the conversion and after they get the benefit of variable pricing, to some degree, but more importantly, limitless scalability being out of all the regulatory requirements of changes, okay, because they can rely on us to do that, I'm not aware of a entity that after the fact hasn't taken the position that they would not do it over again because we put them in such a -- so much stronger of a competitive position. So part of the Broadridge culture, part of why we want to be an employer of choice, part of why it's so important to have the best and highest engaged associates is because that gives us that brand, which is we get it done, and that certainly fits into the case of conversions. And by the way, you can verify that firsthand within your own organization at JP.
Dan Sheldon: I think the only thing I would add to that piece of it was we haven't heard or been told there's any going to be a slowdown on conversions. I think what we did this year, though, for '14 guidance was to make sure we're going to break out for sale our larger end sales versus our smaller end sales so that everybody can get a very good idea that when I said here's the good news, the majority of our sales are already in backlog, we haven't been told there's any kind of conversion. And then by the way, when you also look at it, it's the sales and why we broke those 2 pieces apart, okay?
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood, understood. And then Dan, just to bring you in, just here, just to stay on Slide 8, and I promise I'll jump off. The acquisitions, adding 1 point on growth in '14, does that flip to Slide 6, the $35 million that you're looking for in terms of acquisition contribution in revenues? Just trying to...
Dan Sheldon: Yes. The way to think about that is when we gave you the $210 million up from $175 million, the $35 million, and then we also showed you the contribution to EBIT, which is a 40% drop in that delta, so you take the 35% with the 40%, all we were doing there was -- and that doesn't even include the new acquisition. So that we're really truly showing -- because as you know, on every brand-new acquisition, the first year, we've got integration, okay? But you should also know that from a cash flow basis, even the new acquisition is accretive, okay?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: One question from me just on the event-driven activity and the mutual fund specifically. As I look at what's been filed with the SEC from mutual fund, it seems like it has been an elevated number of filings from funds. And I know that doesn't translate directly to revenue for you, but can you remind us a bit of what sort of visibility you have to into, say, one quarter out based on the timing of when mutual funds have to start their proxy processes and when you recognize the revenue?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So if you look at what we said, yes, the fourth quarter was very strong. It was a couple of very good jobs. We have about, we'll call it, 45, 60 days visibility out. And the whole reason we said we're not going to jump on the bandwagon and all of a sudden say we're going to push event-driven out there is currently, when we look out there, we say, okay, still some decent business, but nothing that gave us the view that said the world has changed. So I had gotten your e-mail that you had asked that question on, but I would tell you that we've still got to wait and see, and we'll see how the next 2 quarters do. And if we see the activity starting to pick up, then obviously, we would change our minds about what we should do there. But right now, we would tell you we don't have enough information to say that there's a real trend there.
Richard J. Daly: And Chris, even with the SEC filings, what we've come to understand is that relying on that could give us false hope because filing with the SEC means that you can do it if you want to do it. If for some reason you decide to delay it for another business reason, which does not happen -- I'm sorry, which happens with some frequency, we wouldn't want to be out here betting on revenue that doesn't occur because somebody has decided, you know what, we really want to delay until we address this issue and that issue and put it off another 6 months or a year.
Operator: I am showing we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: All right. Well certainly, Dan and I thank you for your participation. Dan, David and I look forward to meeting with you in the near future, and I hope you heard today clearly that we believe we have the ability to lead a long-term journey to create greater shareholder value as we go forward in particularly because both segments are so well positioned. I thank you, and I look forward to speaking with you soon. Choose to have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Ng - Senior Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer and Director Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Stephanie Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mel, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to David Ng, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thanks, Mel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter fiscal 2013 results. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. Today's conference call will discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized on Slide #1, and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I'd like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the Clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining Outsourcing business is included in the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP financial fiscal year 2013 earnings results excludes the impact of acquisition amortization and other costs and restructuring charges. These costs are significant, and we believe that the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge's underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now let's turn to Slide #2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the third quarter financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part portion of the call. Now let's turn to Slide #3, and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics. First, I'll start with an overview of our third quarter and year-to-date fiscal year 2013 financial highlights and guidance. Then I'll discuss our closed sales performance. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up with my closing comments, including highlights of our future journey to higher total shareholder returns. This journey is driven by our belief that both of our segments will add to both top and bottom line growth going forward. Let's start on Slide #4, our third quarter fiscal year 2013 financial highlights. Overall, I'm pleased with our year-to-date financial results. Total and recurring revenues were up 5% for the quarter and 4% year-to-date versus the comparable period in fiscal year 2012. The revenue increases were primarily the result of net new business. Event-driven activity was slightly higher for the quarter and up 7% year-to-date as we saw some pickup in activity in the first quarter. Equity stock record positions grew by 7% for the quarter. This represented approximately 10% of our expected annual proxy volume as we head toward our most significant quarter of proxy activity. Equity trade volumes remain challenging and were lower by 2% for the quarter. The pickup in month-over-month volumes we noted from October through January reversed in February and March. However, volumes picked up again in April by approximately 4%. While this is good news, we cannot, at this point, state that this represents a trend. It is important to continue to note that the majority of revenues in SPS are not directly tied to trade volumes. Our earnings continue to grow in both the quarter and year-to-date. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share versus fiscal year 2012 increased 22% and 14% to $0.39 per share and $0.74 per share for the quarter and year-to-date, respectively. This strong quarterly performance adds to our confidence of our full year's guidance. The earnings growth was primarily due to higher revenues and our continuing focus on cost containment. Year-to-date, we opportunistically repurchased approximately 6 million shares of Broadridge stock, or approximately 5% of the diluted shares outstanding. During the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 2 million shares at an average price of $22.73 per share. On April 30, our board authorized an additional 6 million shares for repurchase. The company currently has approximately 10 million shares available for repurchase under its share repurchase plans. For those of you who have followed us for any length of time, this is the time of year we sleep best. With the positive momentum of the first 3 quarters behind us and the impact that the Investor Communications and proxy business has in the fourth quarter, it is fairly easy for us, with all the key variables already set in place, to be very confident in reaffirming our full year guidance of $1.76 to $1.86 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. We are also confident we are well positioned for fiscal 2014 and beyond. The confidence in the future is also tied to the confidence I expressed last quarter that continues to increase regarding our SPS segment's prospects to contribute alongside our ICS segment going forward. I will speak more about how we are positioned for this journey to consistently increase earnings growth in both segments a little later. Now please turn to Slide 5, Closed Sales Performance. Recurring revenue closed sales for the quarter increased approximately 50% to $24 million from $16 million in the same period last year. Year-to-date, we have not closed any sales with revenue of greater than $5 million due to longer-than-anticipated sales cycles. Additionally, year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales were down from the same period last year. However, excluding transactions with revenues greater than $5 million year-to-date, critical core closed sales of less than $5 million were at the same level compared to last year. Our pipeline remains robust with very strong momentum. We continue to make progress, and I remain confident in our ability to convert both pending large and smaller prospects into closed sales. What's important to us is that we build and maintain a robust pipeline made up of a mix of revenue opportunities from small to large transactions. While we are very much focused on closing the sale, we believe the particular quarter in which the sale closes is less significant. We are not overly concerned if the sale closes just after the end of the quarter. Unlike retailers and their holiday season, when our quarter ends, the potential sale does not disappear. The key for us is closing these sales and converting them into revenues. The closed sales queued up for conversion, which we call implementation backlog, ranges in complexity. The simpler, usually smaller transactions, could take a couple of months or less of conversion time, and the more complex, usually larger transactions, could take 18 months or more to convert before we could begin to recognize the revenues. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2013 recurring revenue closed sales guidance in the range of $110 million to $150 million. The achievement of the range will be dependent on closing at least one of our large pending transactions. Sales have been and will remain a key contributor to our overall performance. As CEO, I will remain actively engaged in the sales process. I'll now turn the call over to Dan, who'll go into more detail about our fiscal year 2013 financial results.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I'm now on Slide 6, Key Financial Drivers and Free Cash Flow. Rich already mentioned our 5% total in recurring revenue growth for the quarter. To the far right, you can see we are still forecasting 3 to 4 percentage points of revenue growth for the year. In Q4, we expect to earn around $200 million in the equity proxy revenues, so we're in the homestretch with continued positive momentum. Looking at the drivers specifically. We're very pleased with 6 points of revenue growth coming from new recurring revenue closed sales for the quarter. Year-to-date is only at 4 points, but that's due to the slow start in the first half of this year. As Rich also mentioned, we've caught back up to last year's closed sales of $58 million year-to-date for closed sales less than $5 million and expect to have a solid finish again this year, which includes 1 to 2 larger deals in the mix. Client losses remain at 1%, and again, no new large losses to report. Internal growth was disappointing with respect to trade volumes as they continued to be down internationally. I'll discuss more when I review the segments. Although we still haven't closed any acquisitions year-to-date, just like sales, we have a pipeline of deals that we are reviewing. Event-driven revenues remain relatively flat to slightly up, and, you heard Rich talk about, they primarily happen in the first quarter. Distribution revenues have picked up, but all a function of the clients' use of an alternative mailing service, so profits have remained about the same. Non-GAAP EBIT margins were up almost 200 basis points to 13% for the quarter, and we expect to be up at least 100 basis points to a minimum of 14.9% for the year. We've been focused on cost containment over the last few years and still have some additional restructuring to complete in Securities Processing Solutions segment, so in Q4, we may take some additional onetime charges. I would still expect to be in the mid to the high end of the 14% range and with the onetime activity. But as the chart shows, we expect to be at a minimum go-forward run rate of at least 14.9%. At this point, the tax rate for the year could round down to 36% versus the 37% on the chart. But when trade volumes return and we benefit from the U.S. sales being implemented next year, I would expect these rates to move closer back to a 37% range, given the United States tax rates. Finally, our free cash flow is still estimated to be in the $200 million to $250 million range. And our ending cash position is expected to be in the $315 million (sic) [$350 million] to just under $380 million range, and this is before any acquisitions or additional share buybacks we may do in Q4. So the takeaway is we're very pleased with the quarter and given the results and expectations for our net new business drivers of sales and retention rates, we expect we're positioned for continued growth as we move forward. Let's turn to Slide 7, Investor Communications. The momentum for recurring revenue growth continues in this segment as we hit 8% growth year-to-date, driven primarily by net new business. In this business, stock record and mutual fund positions growth have been positive, and as already mentioned, we're looking forward to recording approximately $200 million in global annual equity proxy revenue in the fourth quarter as most of the work is behind us. Revenue retention rates continue to be at 99%, and our recurring revenue closed sales range remains between $50 million and $70 million, with the higher end requiring the closing of a few deals greater than $5 million. As far as event-driven revenues, yes, they're up 7% year-to-date, as we already mentioned, primarily in the first quarter, but also, it's mainly coming from mutual fund off-cycle interim activity. So we're going to keep our guidance at approximately $130 million for the year. Our guidance on margins remains unchanged, at an increase of greater than 200 basis points, of which you should think about half coming from revenue growth and the other half coming from cost improvements we've put in place. Let's move to Slide 8, Securities Processing Solutions. As mentioned last quarter, we continue to see momentum in net new business growth in this segment. Sales for the quarter added 7 points of growth, and client revenue retention rates remained at 98%. Our to-be-installed, or revenue backlog, from sales already closed is at approximately $65 million, and we still expect $60 million to $80 million in closed sales for the year, where both the low and the high end will require to achieve some of the larger deals in the pipeline by June 30. The takeaway here is that even without large deals being signed in the near term, which can take up to 12 months to install, we still expect to see a continuation of net new business generating above 5 points of revenue growth as we move forward. As for equity trade volumes, they were down for the quarter by 2 points. Back in January, I was pleased to see the U.S. was having some upward momentum, and in Q3, U.S. volumes were up 6%. However, international volumes have remained weak for this quarter. Good news, April did show some positive trends for international so maybe we're starting to see the right direction here for overall trade volume growth as we move forward. It's a "wait and see." Another point I'd like us to remember, and Rich already mentioned this, is that we have, over time, moved more of our pricing to a less trade-volume-variable model, so when you review the key stats for this business on Page 21, note that 70% of our equity revenues in this segment are not totally based upon trade volumes. We call these revenues other equity services, and they include our new products and our acquisitions as well. Rich, I'll turn it back to you.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap-up. We are pleased with the strong performance for the first 9 months of fiscal year 2013. Our core recurring fee revenues continue to have solid growth, and our sales pipeline remains robust. While we are never able to predict the upturns and downturns of the markets we serve, we have built a strong foundation for growth through all market conditions. We have diversified our offerings through both internally developed and acquired products and services. These recently added products and services are major contributors to our closed sales, with a go-to-market capability of over 150 products. This makes us less dependent on event-driven activities and trade volumes. Our service profit chain culture is built on strong values and is supported by our highly engaged associates. As a result, we consistently attain high scores in the independent annual client satisfaction surveys in each of our business segments. Because of this client-centric focus, we believe it's not accidental that we were able to have an extraordinary client revenue retention rate of 99%. Our remarkably high client revenue retention rate proves we will always take all competitive challenges very seriously, even where we maintain high market shares and unique sustainable differentiation and, at times, irrational competitors. The trusted Broadridge brand has been developed over many years of servicing satisfied clients and being a leading voice in our industry. A brand study we conducted indicated that approximately 90% of our clients across all of our businesses had a favorable view of us and over 70% would like to purchase more from us. This is further substantiated by the fact that we have a leading market position in the key markets we serve. As I have noted many times, ICS has been a strong value creator, and we expect this to continue in the future. Since our spinoff, recurring revenues have had a CAGR of approximately 9%, with EBIT margins in the mid- to high-teens. We continue to be innovative and invest in pioneering solutions such as Broadridge Fluent. We believe Fluent will lead the digital transformation of financial communications and is the next meaningful evolution forward in client engagement. As mentioned in our recent press release, Fluent's target market is the dramatic reduction in cost of over $20 billion annually that financial services firms spend on printing and distribution of paper-based customer communications. ICS is already a great business segment with opportunities to be even better. We believe SPS is forming a solid foundation to build upon. Since spinoff, revenues have had a CAGR of approximately 4%, and we expect future EBIT margins to get back to the mid-teens after the restructuring Dan discussed and the continued conversion of closed sales. We have approximately a $65 million backlog of closed sales to be converted into revenues. Bloomberg, which was signed last year, went live about 3 weeks ago onto our BPO platform. We continue to have strong dialogue with prospects, both large and small, who are seeking to improve the core structure and functionality of their operations. Through revenue growth and cost management, we remain confident that SPS will contribute alongside ICS to enable Broadridge to create greater shareholder value going forward. For Broadridge, operating in this challenging financial market environment is now considered to be the new normal. Accordingly, we'll continue to be diligent about operating efficiency. We expect the journey forward will have more opportunities for us since we have built this strong foundation for new growth. We have proven to be able to manage both new product development and tuck-in acquisitions. Examples in ICS: Fluent; Matrix; and Investor Mailbox, which is known by the SEC as EBIP. That's E-B-I-P, or Enhanced Broker Internet Platform. Examples in SPS: FinancePro, BPO and Reconciliation capabilities are all leading to revenue, and we will continue to add these types of solutions across both segments as we go forward. Our journey to greater shareholder value includes both a very high client revenue retention rate, along with consistently adding new products, whether built or acquired. Now I just mentioned EBIP as an example of one of our innovations. Recently, we were encouraged by SEC Chair Mary Jo White's positive comments regarding EBIP during her SEC confirmation hearings. This will be a win for investors, issuers, brokers and Broadridge. We expect to know more at the end of the fee and EBIP comment period on May 23. There is only potential good news in these dialogues. We believe going forward we will deliver attractive and sustainable total shareholder return over the long term through revenue growth, cost management, expanding margins and strong free cash flows. We remain committed to an effective capital stewardship program based on an attractive dividend payout, strategic tuck-in acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. This is all possible due to our low capital intensity and our strong free cash flows. We remain confident and reaffirm our fiscal year 2013 guidance. We anticipate recurring revenue growth of 4% to 7% and total revenue growth of 3% to 4%. We expect GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.70 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.76 to $1.86, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization, including some other costs and restructuring charges. We believe we are well positioned for fiscal year 2014 and beyond. That strong position is clearly tied to both segments' detailed progress to add to earnings through both new revenue and cost management to grow both the top and bottom line going forward. I look forward to the rising tide that this will create for our associates, clients and shareholders. Finally, I'd like to again take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our associates. Our highly engaged associates have enabled us to achieve our 99% client revenue retention rate and have kept Broadridge in the forefront of market leadership. It's their commitment that enables Broadridge to have the potential we have. I'll now turn the call back to the operator, and we welcome your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: 7% stock record position growth is quite strong relative to what we've seen over the last few years. Can you talk to some of the underlying drivers of that growth and whether you think a high-single-digit growth rate is sustainable for stock records?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, David, first of all, the 7%, as I said, was tied to the 10% of volume for the last quarter. So there's no bad news in this, in that the trend is positive. We're not here thinking that we're back to, I'll call it, the good old days of high-single digit stock record growth, but what we are is trending more from the bottom of the trough to what I'll call something closer to positive market activity. Dan, any other comments?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So let's put it in perspective. A year ago overall saw it 4% for the quarter, and we ended the year at 1%. What is very important to take away is had been in a positive direction all year long -- and, by the way, we're still gauging out 1 to 2 points of growth from the overall year. By the way, we still have 2/3, which we've already said is pretty much done, but 2/3 happens of revenue in our fourth quarter.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And as you look at the 7% number recognizing it's a small part of the contribution for the whole year, is it possible to disaggregate how much of this comes from increased retail activity, IPOs? I mean, is there a way to break down some of the drivers of that growth rate?
Richard J. Daly: David, I've been at this for 30-plus years. And we've sliced and diced the IPO activity, the market activity, people moving to mutual funds, people diversifying, and the only consistency that we've only found throughout this whole period of trying to analyze that is that diversity seems to be the trend that makes this business so stable because even as people move money from mutual funds to bond funds -- or equity mutual funds to bond funds, they don't seem to get completely out of equity mutual funds, for example. And so given that we get paid by the number of positions and not the size of the position, stock record positions has been a very stable factor. I mean, over a 30-year period, we've had 1 year with minus 1% of activity and the vast, vast majority of some form of positive activity. So I can't give you a more detailed answer than you should look to this to be pretty stable. We're not planning on any dramatic turnarounds. We're going to manage costs very diligently, and we're going to push more product through these very, very strong channels we have and manage our growth rather than hope for growth.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Understood. In your comments, Rich, you indicated new closed sales were down 26% year-to-date, albeit flat in bookings under $5 million. And you talked about lengthening sales cycles. What are the implications of not closing that one big deal you need to get to your guidance? And what's your level of confidence in hitting at least the low end of the $110 million to $150 million closed sales guidance?
Richard J. Daly: It's a great question, David, and, I mean sincerely, thank you for raising it. So let me try to create a context here. So last quarter, we said 45% and that we were confident in the pipeline and our overall sales capabilities. And the 45% stuck with people, and that's why I've added a line this time that this is not a retailer. When the Christmas season ends, if the retailers don't have their numbers, they're going to wait another year for that time to come. We feel very good about where we are from a product point of view, a momentum point of view and that we'll continue to add closed business into the implementation backlog and convert that into revenue. We'd always rather it sooner rather than later. There's certainly more than one large pending transaction. We would need one of them to make the range for this year, all right? But if that was to happen, hypothetically, on July 15 versus June 29, certainly, from a commission point of view, inside the building, people would be very concerned. From a shareholder point of view, I don't really see the difference because 15 days on a large deal isn't going to matter one way or the other. What's going to matter is how long all of our transactions take to convert to revenue.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So Rich, just to add on to that piece. Let's focus on that contribution to revenue piece. The larger deals would not hit revenue until '15 or '16, okay? They're very important to us, and we've been very focused on those forever. I think what's very important is the deals less than $5 million. If you go back to last year, you would have seen we closed just under $110 million of deals less than $5 million. So somewhere between a $90 million or a $110 million would not be unreasonable for us to think about as we think about deals less than $5 million. But the most important thing we shared with you is when you think about the SPS business primarily, because that's where the primary larger deals hit, is when we look at the momentum of that 5 points of what we'll call net new business growth, which is a combination of sales and a high retention rate, we're fairly confident we still see 5 points or above. That is very, very important for us to think about as we're putting our models together and thinking about the momentum in the business.
Richard J. Daly: David, I want to add one other thing, too. And I've, my entire career, been very, very focused on sales, so I completely get it. When we talk about something like EBIP, okay, the Enhanced Broker Internet Platform, okay, that will never show up in our sales number. That will generate new revenue, okay, in terms of the digital activities. More important to me strategically is that will also generate more activity around our Fluent activities in enabling our clients to attack that $20 million in costs that our industry has in paper communications. And by converting that over to digital, okay, some of that will show up in sales, some of that will never show up in sales, but the revenue opportunity and the progress that we've made on digital activities, which will not be a closed sales activity, is certainly more meaningful to me than, for example, one large pending transaction.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I understand. Thanks for the clarification. Just a final question on capital allocation. Nice to see the increase in the share repurchase authorization. What are your thoughts going forward, Dan, in terms of capital allocation as you think through dividend, share repurchase, acquisitions? Acquisitions have been pretty quiet for a while. Is that expected to be the case for the next year or so?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, okay. Rich and I are both looking at each other. It's a great question. So, nothing has changed. The point of the matter is, is we have a pipeline of acquisitions that look attractive, we're reviewing them. But as you've seen, and I think you'd be very pleased to understand, we're not just out to buy revenue, okay? They come when they come, and they have to come at the right price and the right hurdle rate. I think the other piece on that point of it is we just shared with you that we bought back 2 million shares this last quarter. We're up to 6 million buybacks for the year-to-date, and we do that opportunistically. So I think you've seen all the things -- and the same thing with the dividend. You saw us increase it last year. We're not saying we're always going to increase it, but we gave you a guidance point that said we are usually looking at about a 35% payout and this year, we're going to be north of 40%. So that's how -- I'd end it that way. But, Rich, I know you have a couple of comments here.
Richard J. Daly: David, we're not happy that our acquisition activity has been as light as it has been, okay? With that said, we're not going to do a deal at a price that we don't think is right for our shareholders. We recognize that it's our shareholders' cash, and if there's a -- we've had a good number of indications of interest that we participated in. There are a couple of transactions that I was disappointed that we did not win, okay, but we would not take the price beyond what we thought was the right value for us to create value as we go forward. As we build up cash, okay, we're going to look to use that cash and deploy it to the benefit of our shareholders. We do think that the shares that we just repurchased throughout this entire fiscal year, of about 5% of our diluted outstanding shares per share, we bought back opportunistically, meaning at a price lower than where we expect to be going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nina Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: One question and then get back in line. The restructuring you mentioned, Dan, can you expand a little bit on this? So this is the SPS. I know you've had quite a lot of people dealing with the IBM and the Penson, and they seem really firmly behind you now. So help me understand where and what opportunities you see to kind of bring the margin up.
Dan Sheldon: Okay. So the way to think about that is the reason I raised the restructuring is because the guidance we gave out at the beginning of the year and continued showed a GAAP to non-GAAP of about $10 million. And we had said that was primarily related to restructuring for what was related to, we'll call it, Penson moving to Apex and what we did in Canada. We are also, though -- as to Rich's point, we are looking at just what we did a year ago, by the way, including in our Investor Communications business, which is some consolidations of some of our product line, as well as some of what we'll call our platforms. And with that, we're saying, "You know what, we might take an additional onetime hit." But I think what's very important for everybody to understand is we did say, going forward, we're going to be very focused on the only GAAP to non-GAAP as we move into FY '14 is going to be amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, and, therefore, we're going to get any restructuring behind us. Does that help?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: It does help, Dan. So there is kind of opportunity to merge products and then, I guess, some teams there. Is that -- or is it technology? Is it human resources? Is this kind of a little bit bigger than you would have done in the past?
Richard J. Daly: Well, first of all, let me -- this is Rich. Let me welcome you to the call, and we look at each business and we hold it accountable, okay, to make a contribution. So the confidence that I expressed last call and in this call regarding SPS' ability to contribute alongside ICS going forward is tied directly to your question. So let me be very, very direct and specific. With the Penson transaction behind us, as you said, we entered into the relationship with Apex. Whether we like it or not, we now know what that revenue is going to be. We've now taken a look at that business, and we've gone through more than the original planned restructuring of that to have that business be aligned in size with the revenue we have to both be in a position to make a contribution as we go forward, but also to be in a position to add clients, but not to be oversized or out of size relative to the revenue that it contributes, right? So that's directly tied to our confidence in SPS, okay, and that's the course management side of it. We're also excited by the $65 million of implementation backlog that we have for SPS to come into that business. As Dan mentioned, in our mutual fund segment, we had a separate operation tied to the venture of a mutual fund proxy revenue up in the Boston area, okay? When it became clear that, that business model had changed, we consolidated that business into another operation, even though that it served us very, very well in higher-revenue activities and times. We're always going to look at each business and the core structure around it to understand what's the most efficient way, first, to be positioned to grow, okay? But if in the event there is more than a cyclical change, then we need to look at that in terms of how to ensure that it's rightsized as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So, just looking at the guidance, the 3% to 4% for total revenue growth. You're at the high end or right about at the high end right now. Is there anything looking at the fourth quarter now, given the visibility that you have, that kind of gives you any sort pause as to -- that may drag you down closer to the 3% range for the year?
Dan Sheldon: The way to answer that one is even though we're in the proxy season, I'm not worried about the $200 million in proxy. I'm not actually worried about any of it. What can happen is the distribution revenue can fluctuate greatly, just as you saw what happened in this third quarter. So from a business line, take a look very strongly at the sales contribution and the retention rate as you're building out the model because, again, the fluctuation right now will either come from trade volumes bumping up a little bit or coming down a little bit or primarily due to distribution revenue, but will not, will not impact the margins, as I already talked about.
Richard J. Daly: That's why following us from a recurring revenue point of view in terms of the growth of that is so critical because we have a stated goal internally to drive distribution revenue down, okay. And even though we're continuing to be successful in converting paper to digital, also adding new volume, which has enabled that revenue to not go down, but our goal is to convert, again, distribution revenue to digital, which ultimately, we believe, will create greater profits, although not greater revenue growth.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And just last question from me. On the new sales pipeline, just to be very clear, there is no degradation in that pipeline, and that just continues to grow. It's just a matter of actually closing the deals and whether it closes in this quarter or next quarter it really shouldn't impact next year's revenue growth, right?
Richard J. Daly: George, you got exactly to where we are right now. The most important thing to us is the activity that's going on. I spent a good part of yesterday going through the detailed pipeline and transactions over a certain size, and there's nothing I can see that doesn't indicate that the momentum is what it was or slightly better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: One question on the share count. You talked about the 6 million shares of repurchased over the last 9 quarters. Can you remind us the amount of stock-based issuance you have and if there's any seasonality around the -- how that affects the share count?
Dan Sheldon: Right. So the way to think about that, it's about 1.5 million to 2 million for dilution every year from shares that we issue in either options or RSUs. And the only thing coming up would be, in the fourth quarter, our RSUs, which is about another 500,000 to 700,000.
Richard J. Daly: And, Chris, you should always expect us to look to offset the equity comp dilution.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Offset it with share repurchase?
Richard J. Daly: Yes.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And then so you'll offset it, and then currently it's certainly -- then take it down from there.
Richard J. Daly: More than offset.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, the way to think about it year-to-date, and it's a great question, is we repurchased about 5% of the shares that were outstanding. I think the right way to also think about it is but that also covered what we'll call 1 million of dilution. So net, it was 5 million, okay?
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, got it there. And then just on the -- there have been a couple of questions on the timing. And, Rich, you had some comments that you're not like a retailer, that you have a seasonality in terms of when you want to close deals by. But taking it from the perspective of your customers, do they typically have any calendar considerations they're working on or -- deals are likely to close at any point in the year, in the quarter, right? There's not a typical closing period, right?
Richard J. Daly: There is not a typical closing period that I can point to and say logically this is why it is what it is. Our fourth quarter has been historically, for a long period of time, going back prior to spin, our most active quarter. I have tried putting in incentive plans at various times of the year beyond the end of the year, I've tried various other activities, and it does appear that after the beginning of the year is when dialogues get pretty active and lots of the transactions we would like to see closed in the third quarter often slip to the fourth quarter or even slightly beyond. Last year, where we had a record year in sales, we had a very, very successful fourth quarter and a very successful end of the fourth quarter. And -- but I can't give you any reason why beyond the activity that picks up after the beginning of the year as to why that trend seems to be so consistent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Stephanie Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Stephanie Davis on for Tien-Tsin. He's got pulled into some meetings in Kansas City. I just had a question on the competitive landscape. What are your views following Computershare's acquisition of the stake in INVeSHARE? I know they've been trying to get into the U.S. market for a while, so is there any risk of share shifts?
Richard J. Daly: Stephanie, I put the comment in there about irrational competitors specifically as it relates to the stock activity. So thank you for your question. Computershare has actively lobbied against the Street ownership proxy model, and now, as you know, they've made, I guess, a small investment in a small entity in the street ownership proxy model. Now simultaneously to making that investment, Computershare told their issuer customers in a newsletter that -- and I'm going to read to you a quote and then you tell me what you think about this at the end. The quote is "As you know, we have participated in proxy reform for over a decade or more for more open and competitive market without achieving regulatory change." So they've been actively looking to change the regulations. "Our fundamental philosophy has not altered, and we still believe in direct communication between issuer and investor. And we'll continue to monitor regulatory developments and participate in policy dialogues, SEC, New York Stock Exchange, other relevant forms to achieve that." Now, so what I just read to you says that they don't believe that the broker should be the one who should be involved in the distribution process or the bank. They believe it should be the issuer that controls it. But they've made an investment in a company that's looking to service the broker and the bank. Now we've never been in a situation where we potentially will compete with someone who will go to our clients and say, "Even though we don't think you're entitled to this business or this revenue, we'd like to service you until our lobbying efforts take this revenue away from you." I've got to tell you, sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. So we take all competitive activity seriously. We've never had anyone go to market, okay, to our clients with a philosophical view that our clients aren't entitled to the revenue. Any comment from you on that?
Stephanie Davis - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Interesting point. And one quick follow-up. You mentioned that you've been lowering SPS's exposure to trade volumes. How does this impact your revenue sensitivity via trade?
Dan Sheldon: So it's a great question. If you go back and you look at the key statistics again on Page 21, the whole idea is, is that saying that if trade volumes went up 10% or down 10%, we're more focused on what products and solutions are we giving to our clients that, although in the past we used to get paid by trades, let's remember that's not the only thing we did. We're the books and records, we're the regulatory side, and we're the compliance side of these businesses. And with our newer products, we're even bigger into reconciliations and more middle-office type of activity. So I would take it more on thinking subscriptions, with some volatility with trade volumes. But only 70%, so far, of equity has moved over to that, what I'll call, more-subscription-based or less volatility to trade volumes. There's still 30% to go, so it still creates trade volumes up or down activity for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. The EBIP or the Investor Mailbox seems real interesting and an interesting opportunity for Broadridge. Can you talk about -- if it were implemented, can you talk about the timeline that you would expect and where you would expect to get some benefit on the revenue line? I know there's some incentive fees, but would there also be potentially some professional services or custom fees at the broker-dealer level?
Richard J. Daly: All right. So what the EBIP proposal is, is in proxy specifically, we've eliminated over 60% of the paper. I believe that's by far the highest success rate in any activity in financial services. In our activities with the stock exchange fee committee, the issuer community looked to encourage the broker community to continue to use technology to identify the ability of more investors who'll be willing to convert to a digital environment. So to me, the most important part of this is the SEC encouraging an increased use of digital activity, which, for our broker and bank clients, will enable us not only to help them generate new revenue from proxy activity, that we'll be able to get paid a fee for, but beyond that, it will enable us to demonstrate to them that we can help them convert their other communication activities, which has over $20 billion in paper and postage costs tied to it, move to this digital activity. And we believe that Broadridge, particularly with our Fluent application, which will enable them to use our data security that they're relying on today and the digital work we do for them today to enable their customers to get whether it be proxy statements, confirms or any other communication through any digital channel they want because regardless of what digital channel the customer would pick, they would seamlessly move to Broadridge's front end, which would be Fluent, all right? And in Fluent, okay, once they're behind our firewall, even though it would appear to be the broker's website or it would appear to be a channel, call it, Amazon, Google, Facebook, whatever the channel is, once it's beyond our firewall, it has all the data security they rely on today, ISO 27001, and just like we do today with facing off with every issuer, we would face off with these various channels so all the -- and here's the punchline. Too many words, here's the punchline. All our clients would need to do is pick us, just like they'd pick us to face off with every issuer, okay, they would pick us, and we would face off with every potential digital channel. It'd be behind our firewall. It would be all level of data security. And yet, it would be all their branding, and all of their relationships would be controlled by them with their customer. So what we find is that the SEC's positive movement and positive direction in encouraging digital activity, we think, will enhance our existing communications in proxy business, but more importantly, will enhance our digital opportunities across all communications and financial services. Peter?
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Is this something you could foresee going live in calendar '14? I know the comment period is still open. But is this something that would have a long lead time to it or something that could be done fairly quickly?
Richard J. Daly: We believe -- well, first of all, we have about 15 clients on the mailbox product right now, some large, some small. So it's a proven activity. So what we demoed both to the stock exchange committee and to the SEC is a live product, all right? Our conversion activity to get additional clients on there is tied more to their web activities, but all it really comes down to is adding an icon onto their homepage, all right, for the mailbox and then everything seamlessly, with their brand, moves over to Broadridge. So our desire candidly was to see it be implemented for the '13 proxy season. I'd be disappointed but these things, when it comes to regulations, certainly have disappointed me in the past. But I would be disappointed if we didn't see activity for the fiscal '14 proxy season -- or calendar, I should say, '14 proxy season.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then ...
Richard J. Daly: Peter, one last thing. You shouldn't be thinking of this as an economic windfall in '14. I don't want to create that view. What I do want to create the view of is that there is a significant need and opportunity for financial services to drive to digital. Unlike other activities, there is far higher levels of data security concerns, privacy concerns, and a customer reluctance, okay? This channel we believe will enable our brokers to enable -- without them doing heavy lifting, to enable their customers to access their information through the things they use most frequently, okay, through Broadridge, as an undisclosed agent, okay, to really create a win for the investor, okay, for our clients in better engagement and lower cost and, obviously, for our shareholders. That's the end play there, Peter.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And then, would there be 1 or 2 other initiatives that you see on the regulatory front that are worth monitoring that you think could be opportunities for Broadridge?
Richard J. Daly: We -- right down to the hearings that we got to watch on C-SPAN with Chairman White drawing her confirmation hearings, we believe that the current regulatory environment, which is pro efficiency, pro more information getting to investors, has been the most positive it's been in my 30-plus-year career. We think we've earned the high marks we get by doing the right thing for investors as our first priority. And right now, there's nothing in that environment that I view as being negative, so -- but I'm not looking for anything else to go on in that environment in the near term beyond, ideally, this new structure getting in place with EBIP being a key part of it.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Nina Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I think you answered most of the questions on the Fluent and the SEC decision process there. But could I -- on SPS again, can I ask you to expand a little bit on Paladyne and some of the buy side processing businesses you've been expanding into? How are they going? Last quarter, you talked about kind of more deeply integrating them. What are the wins there? Maybe what are the pockets of opportunity or maybe acquisition opportunity you could find to kind of bolt on to that client group?
Richard J. Daly: Let me start with Paladyne. We talked about, early on the call, both segments' ability to contribute. We talked about our strong brand. We talked about the market's belief in our brand and their willingness to buy from us. We, prior to Paladyne, didn't have any buy side offerings of any significance whatsoever, a little bit of proxy edge and maybe 1 or 2 other small activities. We have been very pleased in the dialogues that we've been able to bring Paladyne into. We anticipated this to be an activity that we would need to: one, pick Paladyne and bring it to the processing standards that Broadridge has had overall, and we're well down that path; and two, we've been very pleased by the receptiveness from both sell-side firms at service to buy side, as well as buy-side clients that have a view of Broadridge and their willingness to enter into more meaningful dialogues with Paladyne. So all in all, we expect this to be successful entree into the buy side, which is a huge market and a market that we hope to service very, very effectively as we go forward. So beyond that, it has not moved the needle at this point, and we weren't planning on it moving the needle. But certainly, when we talk about pipeline, when we talk about prospects, as we go forward, we would certainly look for this to be a growing part of our pipeline as we head into '14 and beyond.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Well, actually, Nina, did you have any additional questions?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Rich, I just wanted to follow up a little bit more on the buy side and the expansion but -- if that's maybe where you're targeting your acquisitive growth.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Well, the tuck-ins, just -- so again, the tuck-ins that we look at are, of course, all the things that come to market that could fit in our space but, more importantly, through our business segment strategy groups. We look at what businesses we think would be more valuable under our umbrella, whether they're for sale or not, and enter into dialogues with those entities. We'd like to think that, that will be our most successful channel as we go forward. But again, it would have to be something that we believe is a potentially hot product with a brand that's the market is not as comfortable as they are with us and that under our umbrella, together we could create a win-win. That's pretty much what's been historically our tuck-in strategy and something which we've held to what we think is a 20% IRR, without an irrational terminal value number tied to it. I guess it's now going to be time for me on the wrap-up. Listen, first of all, thanks for the participation today. We thought it was a very, very good Q&A session, and we always appreciate hearing your thoughts and what's on your mind. We've got a lunch coming up, I guess, in a week or so, and I'm going to look forward to chatting with all of you through the various activities that we have going on over the next couple of weeks. Thanks so much, and choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions.] I’d like to turn the conference over to David Ng, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the second quarter fiscal year 2013 results. This morning I’m here with Rich Daly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust that by now everyone has had the chance to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today’s earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. During today’s conference call, we’ll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized on slide one. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I’d like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations, and our remaining outsourcing business is included in the Securities Processing Solutions segment.  As a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2013 earnings results exclude the impact of acquisition and amortization and other costs and restructuring charges. These costs are significant, and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now, let’s turn to slide two and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, followed by discussion of a few key topics.  Dan Sheldon will then review the second quarter financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and closing thoughts before we head to the Q&A part of the call. Now, let’s turn to slide three and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks, David, and good morning everyone.  This morning as part of my opening remarks, I’ll talk about the following topics.  First, I’ll start with an overview of our second quarter and year to date fiscal year 2013 financial highlights and guidance.  Then, I’ll discuss our closed sales performance, followed by an update of our key activities. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I’ll wrap it up with my closing comments, in which you will hear our fact-based confidence regarding the clear and executable strategy for both of our business segments going forward. Let’s start on slide four, our second quarter fiscal year 2013 financial highlights.  Overall, I’m satisfied with our first half financial results.  Recurring revenues were up 3% for the quarter and year to date versus the comparable periods in fiscal 2012.  The recurring revenue increase was the result of net new business and a 99% client revenue retention rate. Event-driven activity was flat for the quarter, and up 9% year to date as we saw some pickup in activity in the first quarter.  Trade volumes remained challenging, and were lower for the quarter.  Notably, we have seen a pickup in volumes month over month from October through January. Our earnings continued to grow in both the quarter and year to date.  Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.02 to $0.17 per share, and $0.35 per share for the quarter and year to date respectively versus fiscal year 2012.  This was primarily due to higher revenues, increased margins driven by business mix, and our continuing focus on cost containment. While we’re off to a solid start for the first half of the fiscal year, due to the seasonal nature of our business, our first half earnings per share represent about 20% of our full year results.  We are reaffirming our full year guidance at this time of $1.76 to $1.86 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. Please turn to slide five for an update on closed sales performance.  Recurring revenue closed sales year to date were $34 million, down from $63 million, primarily due to longer than anticipated sales cycles for large transactions.  We did not close any transactions greater than $5 million during the first half of the fiscal year.  Closed sales of less than $5 million decreased approximately 16%. While I am disappointed at the closed sales results to date, historically the majority of our closed sales less than $5 million occur in the second half of our fiscal year.  I am pleased with our solid pipeline, driven by large pending sales.  We continue to have very good momentum in our dialogs with these potential clients. Under the leadership of our new chief revenue officer, we began rolling out a consultive selling approach targeting potential clients that require more complex and sophisticated solutions.  As the financial services industry continues to operate in a malaise environment, coupled with their continuing need to lower costs, we believe this go-to-market strategy is essential, particularly with large transactions with revenues greater than $5 million per year. The initial responses from C-suite executives has been very positive.  We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2013 recurring revenue closed sales guidance in the range of $110 million to $115 million.  As I have stated before, the achievement of the higher end of the range will be dependent on closing a few large transactions. Let’s turn to slide six for a brief update on a few of our key activities.  Penson Canada has substantially completed winding down its operations.  Their largest correspondent, Quest Trade, has been successfully converted, and is operating on our outsourcing platform.  Penson Worldwide declared bankruptcy in January.  However, we do not expect any material financial impact to Broadridge as any meaningful exposure was fully written down in the prior fiscal year. Penson Canada’s receivables remain current, and we are only performing a few hundred thousand dollars a month in services for them at this time.  Due to its immateriality, I’ll be glad not to talk about Penson on future calls. Just a quick update on the contract with COR Clearing.  As you may recall, they signed a letter of intent with us last quarter to convert onto our outsourcing platform.  Unfortunately, a finalized contract did not materialize, since this was contingent upon COR and Apex concluding their transaction, which did not occur.  We do not anticipate that this will have any material negative impact on our fiscal year 2013 guidance. I would like to provide you with an update on the financial performance of our acquisitions now.  For fiscal year 2013, we expect our acquisitions to generate approximately $250 million in revenues and about $50 million in EBITDA.  I am enthusiastic about the potential long term prospects of the portfolio, as we continue to focus on products and services with recurring revenues of less than $5 million. We have not closed any new acquisitions over the last year, but based on the success of our acquisition strategy, Dan and I would like to continue to expand our portfolio.  Nothing I just said represents any change in our acquisition strategy. We continue to seek tuck-in acquisitions that meet our financial and strategic criteria.  As I have discussed in the past, Broadridge must be the logical buyer of such target companies, and they must be more valuable under the Broadridge umbrella than as a standalone entity. Now I’ll turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about the fiscal year 2013 financial results to date.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich.  I’m now on slide seven, our revenue growth drivers and EBIT margin.  Rich already mentioned that we had 3% recurring revenue growth for the quarter and year to date, and the same is true for total revenues, which I’ll review with you on this page, and by the way, we’re still expecting 3% to 4% total revenue growth for the year, but do remember that when I hit the recurring revenue Rich already mentioned 4-7[%], and that’s our primary focus. So, looking at the specific drivers, revenue from recurring closed sales are at a run rate of 3% year to date, and we still expect to generate at least 4% for the year given our sales to date and the implementation of the securities processing backlog, which will begin to see the uplift in revenues and profits from some of the bigger deals we signed last year and in fiscal year ’11. Moving to client losses, they’re at a 1% run rate, and are expected to be at this level for the year.  We have not been made aware of any large clients leaving. Internal growth appears to be moving in a positive direction.  I’ll address more in the segment discussion. We haven’t made, as Rich said, any acquisition so far this year, but we’re always evaluating the properties, and if they meet our strategic requirements and [unintelligible] rates, we do have the financial capacity to close deals. Our cash position at the end of the first half was approximately $260 million, and we expect to end the year between $350 million to $400 million-plus, and that’s after dividends but before any new acquisitions or additional share buybacks. Event-driven revenues were basically flat to last year, and our expectations are the same for the full year.  Distribution revenues have added a point to revenues year to date, but have had little impact to the margins. Shifting to the non-GAAP EBIT margins, we ended the first half at 6.6%, which is up 40 basis points from last year, and we expect to be between 14.9% and 15.7% for the year, up at least 100 basis points from last year, and that’s at the low end. Let’s move to slide eight, investor communications segment.  We’re very pleased with the 7% recurring revenue growth, and that’s all organic, coming from net new business and increased stock record positions with a 99% client retention rate.  Recurring revenue closed sales were $19 million for deals under $5 million. As Rich mentioned, we haven’t closed any large deals to date, and our recurring closed sales guidance range for FY13 in this segment remains at $50 million to $70 million. I’ve already discussed event-driven and distribution revenues, so moving on to margins.  We’re still expecting greater than 200 basis points improvement coming from both revenue growth, cost containment, and the finalization of the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Let’s move to slide nine, securities processing.  What I want you to take away from this quarter and the rest of the year is that net new business is increasing.  We exited the first half with net new business adding 2 points of growth, and for the year we’re expecting 4-6, which means in the second half, 6-8 points of growth. Those large deals we closed in FY11 and ’12 are making nice contributions and are expected to continue, especially in the second half.  Our recurring revenue closed sale guidance range for fiscal year ’13 remains at $60 million to $80 million, with a client revenue retention rate of approximately 98%. And, equity trade volumes have been improving.  Where Q1 was that negative 19%, October was a negative 18%, but here’s the good news: November was a negative 2% only, and December was plus 3%, and January we know now is plus 4%.  And, in the United States business, it was over 10% in January. As Rich mentioned, he’ll be glad not to talk about Penson any longer.  With that said, as mentioned last quarter, we have the year over year impact from our new variable price agreement with Apex and Questrade which are now finalized.  We expect that fiscal year ’13 will be negatively impacted by approximately $20 million. As stated last quarter, the high and low end of the revenue, and the EBIT ranges, in this segment, are heavily dependent upon what happens with trade volumes in the second half.  At least they’re positive. Rich, I’ll turn the meeting back to you.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan.  Please turn to page 10 for my summary wrap up.  We are off to a solid start in fiscal year 2013.  I am satisfied with the revenue growth and earnings results for the first six months of fiscal 2013.  Recurring fee revenue continues to grow, and I am confident in our ability to convert our very strong sales pipeline into closed sales. However, as I stated earlier, the first half of the fiscal year makes a relatively small contribution to our annual earnings results, due to the seasonal nature of our business.  We have clear and executable strategies to create shareholder returns in both of our business segments now. As I have stated many times, ICS is a great business.  We continue to execute well, and ICS is considered by key industry influencers and regulators to be the thought leader and innovator in the investor communications space.  We are well respected by all key constituents, including broker-dealers, custody and trust banks, corporate issuers, mutual funds, institutional investors and governance professionals, and regulators. After the recent financial crisis, ICS diverged from its earnings growth path due primarily to the disruption of event-driven revenue activities.  With event-driven revenues holding in a range of their low historical contributions, all of ICS’s other key fundamentals, including its remarkable client revenue retention rate, are fairly easy to project, due to their consistent history, even through the financial crisis.  We believe ICS is well-positioned to lead Broadridge to higher value for many years to come. I’ve also stated that SPS is a good business, with a leading market position.  Over the last several years, we have clarified our strategy at SPS by exiting the clearing business.  We are now finished with the difficult Penson challenges that resulted from exiting the clearing business. Moving forward, SPS’s business is a core securities processing and solutions platform that has highly attractive business characteristics.  SPS processes, on average, over $4 trillion in settlement value per day, in equities and fixed income. We are recognized by our industry for our remarkable reliability, even when markets are interrupted by deeper challenges as they were by Superstorm Sandy.  This industry-leading reliability is highly valued by our clients, and differentiates Broadridge from its competitors. SPS has a client revenue retention rate of approximately 98%, and approximately a $70 million backlog in closed sales to onboard, which gives us a clear understanding of SPS’s revenue dynamics over the near term.  SPS is now fully focused on new revenue and product opportunities, and on streamlining existing operations for greater efficiency, and therefore greater profitability. Our expanded leadership team, including Tim Gokey, our recently appointed new chief operating officer, and Steve Racioppo, our new chief revenue officer, are focused on continuing to strengthen the operating model and driving stronger revenue growth. Projecting this segment’s earnings growth potential, we recognize, is not as simple as it is for the ICS segment.  We are managing SPS from fiscal ’13 into fiscal ’14 and beyond, so that it consistently contributes to Broadridge’s overall earnings growth through strong cost management and profitable revenue growth. Now that our long and difficult exit from clearing is behind us, we are highly confident that you will see SPS finally become the icing on the ICS cake.  We remain confident in our fiscal year 2013 guidance. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 4-7% and total revenue growth of 3-4%.  We expect GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.70, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.76 to $1.86, which excludes the impact of acquisition amortization, including some of the costs and restructuring charges. Finally, I’d again like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our great associates.  Their commitment to the service profit chain was again recognized as Broadridge was named one of the best companies to work for in New York State by the New York State Society for Human Resource Management.  We have won this award every year since it was established six years ago. Our highly engaged associates have enabled us to achieve 99% client revenue retention rate, and have made Broadridge a market leader through these challenging times. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator and as always, Dan and I welcome your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.]  Your first question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Credit Suisse.
George Mihalos: Rich, you spoke about some of the delays in closed signings, and just want to get some color around that.  Is your sense that that was partially impacted by anything related to fiscal cliff uncertainty and maybe kind of talk about what you’re seeing early into 2013, and how the consultant approach may be helping you there?
Rich Daly: I’m not going to put anything related to sales onto the fiscal cliff.  We have a number of things going on, so let me share them with you.  We specifically noted here, more than normal, that we have been active in a couple of large deals, and they take a lot of time.  But we like to believe, pretty far down the line, with both the efforts of our consultive approach, as well as the industry’s need to take cost out and the very, very strong value proposition we have. Beyond that, historically, the closing of sales, particularly the less than $5 million, is about 35% over the last three years in the first half, and 65% in the second half.  What it really comes down to is that the summer is a pretty slow selling season, so we’re always, based on our fiscal year, going to have a stronger second half. Something that did take place, and a lot of effort was put into it, and ultimately didn’t succeed, which I acknowledged on the call, was that the contract with COR Clearing did not go forward, because the agreement between COR and Apex did not go forward.  So that would have made the results a little closer to our normal activity. In the second half, with Penson and Apex and all this activity behind us, we feel very good that the entire organization can focus on all of our activities, all of our opportunities, and we will remain from now until June 30 - and I mean midnight June 30 - very, very focused on closing transactions, which, candidly, is pretty much a repeat of what happened last year as well.
George Mihalos: And then just kind of shifting gears, I know obviously event-driven is volatile, and your outlook there at least seems very conservative given what we’ve seen so far in the year, and I guess some of the activity at least in the ETF business.  Do you guys sense that you’re being a bit overly conservative on your guidance there?
Rich Daly: The position that we’re taking in every aspect, most specifically internally, is that we’re not planning on revenue coming back that we can’t control.  If it comes back, it will be an added benefit, but we are focused on how to create value and achieving that through the variables that are within our control. Nothing would make us happier than to have event-driven come back and to have trades become stronger than they are, but we’re going to run this business from a cost and revenue management point of view focused on the variables we can control.
Dan Sheldon: Let me just add something there, though.  The Q1 we saw the pop up of about $5 million, but Q2 was flat.  Therefore, that’s the exact reason of why we’re holding it flat.
Rich Daly: Right, but in all aspects, George, to your point, in my dialogs with the sales force, there are more dialogs going on about the potential need for funds to go out to investors, but the position that Dan and I and the entire management team have taken is we’re going to plan on staying at the historical lows and creating shareholder value in that environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O’Neill.
Chris Donat: First question for me is just on your commentary about acquisitions and $50 million of EBITDA, over $250 million of revenue.  Just out of curiosity, if you were not to do any more acquisitions, where do you think that EBITDA margin could go to from 20%?  What would be your ideal state?  And again, I know if you do more acquisitions, you’d probably start at a lower point and the average would maybe hang around 20%, but I’m just curious where you think EBITDA margins could go to with acquisitions.
Rich Daly: Let me give you a directional view, and then I’ll have Dan fill in with more details.  Whether it be an acquired product or a product we create ourselves, the margin lifecycle generally gets better over time.  It’s tough for me to think of something across our hundred-plus products that doesn’t apply to. So as we want to acquire a company, and then we add, what I’ll call Broadridge industrial strength to it…  We generally have to beef up their operations and improve their disaster recovery, business continuity plans, etc.  As we then have it at our standards, incremental revenue adds very nice incremental margins. So as we grow those entities, we always expect to see improving margins.  The margin blend across Broadridge comes from as we add new products, which start at the beginning of the lifecycle again.  Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, let me help everybody understand a little bit more about the numbers we gave you.  We gave you a 50 and 250, but in that 250, by the way, are pass-throughs, about $60 million.  And that’s probably how we should talk about it in the future, is think smaller, about $50 million on $190, which is a 26% margin.  And of course we would, as Rich said, as we go forward incrementally on each one of those, expect to be moving that up. I think what’s very important is if you also took Broadridge, and took out our postage, and took out the profit along with it, you’d see about a 25% margin.  So what we’re very pleased with is that when you take out all the pass-throughs and everything else like that, these acquisitions are even doing better than Broadridge, and will continue to, just as Broadridge, as we go forward adding on to our scale, be able to move those margins up.  That is our anticipation, and as Rich said, that’s absolutely our goal and our strategy.
Rich Daly: And let me jump in with one additional comment, which really dovetails off this, Chris.  You know, when Dan says take out postage, we have every intention of taking out postage by replacing it with digital activities, and although the net revenue would be lower at that point in time, the total profitability of that activities we are highly confident would be higher. I didn’t even mention anything going on with the stock exchange and the SEC, but let me jump in here now and say all of the activity around that we continue to be very pleased with.  We continue to be very pleased at how they’re looking at the digital strategies we presented, the both of those organizations, and it’s already in the works with their filings with the stock exchange and the SEC, to make our digital strategy part of the industry going forward.  I mean, it still has to be approved.  It still has to go forward, but directionally, we’ve never been better positioned on this activity.
Chris Donat: And then just to follow up on what you’re talking about right now, Rich, with the changes in the leadership at the SEC, just remind me of the status.  I believe you’ve got the NYSE Proxy Fee Advisory Committee.  They, last year, put out their paper.  And then the SEC, do they have to do something?  Or can they not do anything?  Where are we in that process?
Rich Daly: One of the updates is that the Proxy Fee Advisory Committee, through the NYSE, filed a report which did not include what’s called the EBIP, which is Enhanced Brokerage Internet Platform digital activity.  That was then removed and refiled just recently with the EBIP as part of the filing. We’re very, very pleased that the filing now has the digital opportunity as part of it.  And the SEC will need to either reject the filing or put it out for public comment.  Literally, it’s either sometime this week or next week. So we believe that regardless of the time it takes, all the key industry constituents - and that’s why I said we’ve never been better positioned, and we’re viewed as the thought leader, in my comments - all the key industry is looking at digital as being an opportunity to both reduce the cost of the process by taking out the paper and postage, as well as further engaging investors and creating easier access to information. Broadridge is the thought leader on this, and we’ve proven we can do it already, and so Dan and I are both very excited about going after that remaining billion in paper and postage cost, and then further applying that through activities like [Fluent] to statements, confirms, and all communications between a financial institution and its investors. Somebody raised are we being conservative when it comes to event-driven activity.  I don’t want to bet on something we can’t control.  What we’re not putting in our numbers, but we believe will absolutely create a new wave of activity, is our leadership in digital.
Chris Donat: And then just one last one, as the Postal Service has been in the news, and we just had a recent postal fee increase, are you seeing more interest in moving digital from your clients who are paying for postage and continue to pay a higher rate?  Or is it sort of a steady state level of interest?
Rich Daly: Given the challenges that our industry is still in, every firm has a clear view on what each percent of clients who convert from paper statements and confirms to digital means to them.  And at every firm, it’s a meaningful number based on their scale and their size. So what we find very exciting is in our Fluent offering, we’re going to enable them to convert paper through various channels, whether it be through a digital mailbox on their website, which we would help them manage, or by enabling us to help them face off through various channels out there, whether it be things like [unintelligible] or Volly, or whether it be things like Facebook or Google.  We will enable them to have that data out there, and from the client’s point of view, it will be their point of convenience access to data.  I’m sorry, from the underlying investor customer’s point of view. From our clients’ point of view, the financial services firm, once the customer goes through Fluent into that data, it will be behind Broadridge’s firewall, which is the same firewall that protects their data today at all of our levels of data security, which is at the highest level, and for the majority of our clients, at a higher leverage than they’ve been able to achieve on their own.  So this is, I’ll call it a great option that Broadridge has for its investors going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Best with Evercore Partners.
Mark Best: Hi, this is Mark Best on the line for David Togut.  Given the 45% reduction in recurring revenue closed sales, year to date, why didn’t you bring down the full year outlook?
Rich Daly: Our active pipeline management, particularly around a few larger transactions, gives us confidence that, not unlike other years, there’s a lot of work to be done in the second half.  But we have a clear list of transactions that we believe we have a very strong likelihood to close.  And upon closing those, we would get within our range for the full year.
Mark Best: Then with respect to stock record position growth, it was up 4% year over year.  How is that 4% relative to your implied guidance?
Dan Sheldon: It’s a great question.  To remind everybody, our heavy proxy season of course is in the fourth quarter.  So when you think about it, we use this kind of as a trend.  The good news was, a year ago we were in the negative position.  So you saw Q1 being pretty much flat.  You see 4% here, that gives us some comfort that our overall view for the full year proxy is going to be at least positive, whether it’s 1 or 2 points.  But that’s how we have to look at it, because by the way, in the first half, it’s less than 20% of all position.
Rich Daly: And again, we’re not going to bank on the market’s returning to normalcy, but it certainly feels good to be here at this point, particularly before proxy season, with a positive trend.
Dan Sheldon: I totally agree.
Mark Best: And then you were talking about the SEC’s concept release.  Do you still expect to be able to raise prices based on the proxy release, specifically in proxy?
Rich Daly: The concept release has now evolved to the New York Stock Exchange Proxy Fee Advisory Committee completing its report and now the Stock Exchange has again filed.  So this is the second time they’ve filed a proposal for the SEC to approve. If that filing goes forward, I am confident that the following things will happen.  One, the amount of digital activity will increase.  Two, issuers will receive a very nice reduction in their cost through the elimination of the paper and postage.  Three, the SEC will achieve its most significant goal of enabling investors to more easily be informed.  And four, Broadridge’s shareholders will get a fair return on the investments and efforts that we’ve made to achieve all of this.
Mark Best: Could you be a bit more specific about the pricing?
Rich Daly: We’re going to get paid for the work we do.
Mark Best: Great.  And then just finally, can you give us an update on year over year unit pricing trends for equity trade processing and then stock records as well?
Dan Sheldon: Are you talking about the pricing?
Mark Best: Yeah.
Dan Sheldon: We really don’t go into pricing.  What we’ve always said is to think about the following: For stock record growth, if we’re talking about equities, think about every 1% being about $3 million to revenue, and about $1 million to the bottom line.  And if you’re thinking about the equities in the trade processing, we’ve said every 1% could be anywhere between $750,000, depending upon whether it’s heavily more weighted toward institutional versus retail, or $1.5 million.  But that’s the best we can give you.
Rich Daly: I want to take advantage of this opening you just created, Mark, though, to emphasize a point.  Because to me it was the most significant point in the call.  We all talk about trades, and we all talk about stock record and proxy.  Broadridge is 150-plus products.  The two most significant are proxy and trades.  And the key message that I hope you heard in this call, though, was that if you look at ICS, there was one event that took place during the financial crisis, which we had to manage through, which was the reduction of event-driven. If you look at SPS, on a very simplistic basis, the one issue we really needed to manage through was the exit of the clearing business.  Event-driven took less time to manage through than the exit of the clearing business, but what Dan and I are saying is we’re confident that we have both of these issues behind us, and that’s where the quote was that “SPS should finally become the icing on the ICS cake” comes from.  And that’s what we’re looking to do as we exit ’13 and go into ’14 and beyond.
Operator: [Operator instructions.]  Your next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter Heckmann: Just wanted to follow up.  You marked down one new outsourcing customer sequentially.  Is that Questrade?
Rich Daly: I did mention that Questrade has been converted onto the outsourcing platform, yes.
Peter Heckmann: And then as regards Paladyne, just a little bit of follow up there.  Have you had any progress in adding new prime broker relationships?  And then number two, there’s been relatively heavy merger activity within the fund administration space.  Do you see that creating any opportunity?
Rich Daly: Paladyne was clearly a good opportunity for us to get into the buy side space.  We have pretty much gotten to the end of, I’ll call it [broadvertising] Paladyne, meaning we are working very aggressively with Paladyne on both the capabilities that they have, and most significantly, including through eight o’clock last night, I was on the phone arranging, through our relationships in the marketplace, to introduce Paladyne’s products and services. So we feel good about the strategy.  It is not as adjacent to what we do as New River was, for example.  And as we go forward, without question, the activity that’s going on in fund administration, particularly around the underlying investor’s desire for very credible and independent record keeping and analysis.  And Broadridge owning Paladyne supports the strategy that we’ve entered into.
Peter Heckmann: And would you expect to continue to build your range of solutions for the buy side?
Rich Daly: Yes.
Operator: I’m showing we have no further questions at this time.  I’ll turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: As always, we want to thank you for your participation.  Dan, David, and I, for those of you who will come to the lunch next week, we look forward to seeing you there.  And as always, we appreciate your support, your questions, your comments.  Choose to have a great day.  I know we will.  Thanks so much.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tunisia, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers’ remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I’d like to turn the conference over to David Ng, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ng: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 results. This morning I’m here with Rich Daly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Sheldon, our Chief Financial Officer. I trust by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today’s earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations page at broadridge.com. Today’s -- during today’s conference call, we’ll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized here on slide number one. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I’d like to point out that to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business is included in the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also, as a result of the reported -- reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP fiscal year 2013 earnings results excludes the impact of acquisition and amortization and other costs and Penson charges net. These costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge’s underlying operating results. A description of these non-GAAP adjustments and reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures can be found in the earnings release. Now, let’s turn to slide two and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, followed by discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the first quarter financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and closing thoughts before we head to the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to slide three and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks, David. David welcome to the formal call even though you’ve already played an integral role behind the scenes for years. For those of you who are not aware Rick Rodick, our former Head of Investor Relations has become CFO of UTI Worldwide. We are very happy for him and wish him the very best. Now, let me start by saying good morning to everyone on the call and also happy Election Day. Before we begin today’s call. I wanted to give you an update regarding Hurricane Sandy and any impact that had on Broadridge. First and foremost, all of our associates have been safely accounted for. Next, due to our extensive business continuity plans, we met all of our deliverables on time and in a business as usual manner. We expect some minor financial impact call it less than a million this quarter due to the markets being closed on Monday and Tuesday of last week. There would likely be temporary delays on certain activities such as sales closings. But given we are June 30th year end. At this time, we don’t anticipate Sandy’s impact to change any results for our current fiscal year. During Q&A, Dan and I will do our usual best to candidly answer any questions regarding Sandy beyond your regular questions about this quarter. So back to the quarter. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I’ll talk about the following topics. First, I’ll start with an overview of our first quarter fiscal year 2013 financial highlights and guidance. Then I’ll discuss our closed sales performance, followed by an update of some key activities. After Dan provide you more the financial details, I’ll wrap it up as usual with my closing comments. Let’s start on slide four, our first quarter fiscal year 2013 financial highlights. Overall, I’m satisfied with our first quarter financial results. Recurring revenues were up 3% versus the comparable quarter in fiscal year 2012. Recurring revenue increase was a result of net new business, acquisition and a 99% client revenue retention rate. Total revenue was up 4% as event driven and distribution revenues were higher than anticipated and will partially offset by lower trade volumes. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were flat at $0.18 per share versus fiscal year 2012, we continued our focus on cost containment, product mix and lower trading volumes, offset our revenue and costs management gains. Our non-GAAP to GAAP adjustments to our results consisted of some carryover Penson transition charges. As we discussed during our last earnings call, we will be excluding acquisition, amortization and related costs from our GAAP results. Dan will discuss this in more detail later. On non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP adjustments to GAAP are significant and we believe excluding them from our operating results provide a better representation of our operating results. During the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 3.2 million shares of Broadridge stock at an average price of $23.61 per share. As we discussed during the last earnings call in August, the Board approved an additional stock repurchase plan for up to 4 million shares. The end of the fourth quarter is historically the high point of cash balances of Broadridge. We did not do any tuck-in acquisitions in the past 12 months. There were no tuck-in acquisitions available that met all of our high criteria. Therefore within the use of $76 million in cash to repurchase shares opportunistically has the right stewardship of your cash. The company has approximately 7 million shares available for repurchase under its share repurchase plans as of the end of the first quarter. Well, we are off to a solid start to the fiscal year to the seasonal nature of our business. Our first quarter earnings per share represents about 10% of our full-year results. We are reaffirming our full-year guidance at this time of $1.76 to $1.86 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. Please turn to slide number five. Recurring revenue closed sales were $14 million, down from $20 million. We did not close any transactions greater than $5 million this quarter. Closed sales of less than $5 million continue to grow and were up approximately 8%. I’m very pleased with our solid pipeline. We have good momentum due to product expansion, our recent acquisitions and our strong brand. Because of the name recognition of the Broadridge brand, access to the C-suite continues to expand. We are positioned in a very unique way, given the demand of our client and potential clients for many of the product and solutions we offer compounded by the enormous pressure in the current environment to a lower course. We are pursuing an attractive set of growth opportunities that provide us with multiple past to create greater value for both clients and shareholders. This is the reason we believe was an important time at this stage of our company’s growth to bring in a season veteran to create a new senior sales position. We are therefore very pleased to announce Steve Racioppo as our Chief Revenue Officer. Steve joins us after a long and successful at Accenture, where he led the financial services consulting technology and outsourcing businesses in North America and Asia Pacific. At Accenture, this included responsibility for $1.2 billion in annual revenues, $2 billion in contract value of sales annually and over 3,000 people. During his career with Accenture, Steve managed successfully some of the earliest and largest outsourcing deals. Steve additionally brings a wealth of account management, consulted and business skills to us. We are reaffirming our fiscal year 2013 recurring revenue closed sales in the range of $110 million to $150 million. As I have stated before, the achievement of the higher end of the range will be dependent on closing some large transactions. Let’s now turn to slide six for brief update on our few of our key initiatives. We have substantially completed the conversion of Apex clearing onto our outsourcing platform. Apex has determined that there are approximately 100 correspondents that do not fit their business strategy and have signed the deal to move those correspondents to COR clearing. We have signed a letter of intent of finalizing a long-term contract with COR clearing. They are expected to continue to use our outsourcing platform for the 100 correspondents. Additionally, we’re in the process of finalizing with COR clearing, the sale of certain ICS products. This is expected to be a net revenue win for us. We work with Penson Canada in an attempt to seek a buyer for their business over the past several months. Ultimately, Penson decided to wind down their clearing business over the next several months. As a result of our interactions during these negotiations, we’re able to sign Questrade, Penson Canada’s largest clearing client to a long-term outsourcing contract. A large percentage of Penson Canada’s clients are expected to move the Questrade for another clearing firm, which is already utilizing Broadridge’s technology platform. We continue to provide Penson Canada, our services during this transition and do not expect this to have a material impact on our fiscal year 2013 guidance. Next, Broadridge recently announced the launch of Broadridge Fluent, a transformative service that significantly improves communications between financial services firm and their customers. Fluent enables consumers to select preferred channel, including firm websites, advisor portals and emerging digital mail services like Volly, allowing firms to manage and customize its underlying content and messaging with data access and security under the firm’s control. Over 20 clients are already using components of Fluent, including Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and UBS Financial Services. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about fiscal year 2013’s financial results. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks Rich. I’m now on slide seven, non-GAAP EPS guidance. Rich already pointed out that we have begun to show the amortization from acquisition intangible and one-time acquisition related costs at a reconciling item between our GAAP and non-GAAP results. The first line of the chart shows the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance we gave back in August of a $1.65 to $1.75. And then we add back the $0.03 per share for the quarter and we expected $0.11 per share for the year related to the acquisition intangible amortization to get to our current non-GAAP EPS of $1.76 to $1.86. Then we back out the amortization and the other reconciling items, we’ve disclosed before to arrive at the GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.62 to $1.70. We have been showing the acquisition impact on intangible amortization in the cash flow for some time now. But we believe it is important to also show the impact to EBIT, earnings and earnings per share, which you will find a full reconciliation in the appendix on slide 21. Let’s move to slide eight, investor communication segment. We’re starting out the year as expected with recurring fee revenue growth of 9%, primarily coming from net new business and the mutual fund proxy stock record position growth. We’re still expecting $50 million to $70 million in recurring closed sales for the year with a 99% client revenue retention rate. We also benefited in this quarter from $5 million uptick in event-driven revenues from off cycle mutual fund and mutual fund proxy activity. So we believe we’re on track so far to hit our $130 million full-year event-driven revenue target. And very important, the business is still expected to drive margin improvements of over 200 basis points from both revenue and cost improvements within the business. Moving to slide nine, securities processing segment. Revenues were down year-over-year, primarily due to a decline in equity trade volumes somewhat offset by the positive contribution from net new business and the impact from last year’s acquisition of Paladyne. With respect to trade volumes, they were down 19% for the quarter. I would point out that both the NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange were down well over 30. We had anticipated a 10% decline from last year’s significant spike-up in August. And by the volumes continued to be down approximately 10% in October, excluding a couple of days, the market was closed due to Hurricane Sandy. As Rich pointed out, the impact from Sandy was less, what we anticipated to be less than $1 million. I think it’s very important to note that historically one quarter’s trade volumes have not been indicative of the full year. We’ve had periods where trade volumes were down a quarter or two and then they rebounded in the following quarters. So we are watching trade volumes very closely as we move in through Q2 and the rest of the year. With respect to margins, they were negatively impacted for the quarter from the decline in trade volumes as 100% of this revenue falls through the bottom line. We are pleased with the recurring close sales of $8 million in the quarter, up from $5 million last year. Given the continued success in implementations and overall revenue retention rate, we still expect a 4% to 6% contribution to total revenue for the year from that new business, and we are also expecting recurring close sales of $60 million to $80 million with some larger deals in the pipeline. The IBM Migration is now complete and the $15 million in savings is still expected this year. As mentioned in August, the reduced revenue from the Penson, Apex business erases the savings this year, but we expect at least $20 million of savings from IBM as we move into fiscal year ‘14. And the Apex, Cor and Questrade deals may also provide additional upside when volumes increase and new products are implemented in the future. As mentioned in August, the low and high end of the revenue and the EBIT ranges are dependent upon trade volumes. The low end assumes will see around a 5% decline from the prior year and the high end assumes a 5% pickup. Rich, I will turn it back to you.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to page 10 for my summary wrap up. We’re off to a solid start in fiscal year 2013. I’m satisfied with the revenue growth and earnings results for the quarter. However, as I stated earlier, the first quarter makes the smallest contribution to our annual results due to the seasonal nature of our business. While, event-driven revenues were slightly higher and our equity trading volumes remained under pressure, our recurring revenue close sales of transactions of less than $5 million continue to show strength. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, we have a broader product portfolio and more potential right now than we’ve ever had in our history. We have multiple ways to succeed due to these expanding products that are well positioned in large markets. We have a clear proven sales strategy for growth and the right team to execute it. Despite the lack luster market environment, we are growing our business and our confident our products and regulatory activities are heading in the right direction. The momentum that Broadridge has achieved is sustainable, and is tied to our expanding product breadth and our client centric approach. The foundation of which is our service profit chain culture. We are excited and proud to be named best-in-class like CEB TowerGroup in 2012 outsourcing vendor rankings. We were cited for our client service excellence, commitment to innovation and our focus on delivering strong business insight and value to the financial industry. We have, we continued to have a very strong client revenue retention rate of 99%. We remain confident in our fiscal year 2013 guidance. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 4% to 7% and total revenue growth of 3% to 4%. We expect GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.60 to a $1.70 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of a $1.76 to a $1.86, which excludes the impact of acquisitions amortization, including some of other costs and Penson charges. Finally, I’d again like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our associates. We remain dedicated, engaged and focused, as we continue to find ways to create shareholder value through these challenging times and hurricane days. Because of their efforts, our future for our associates, clients, shareholders and industry is very promising. So this is where we normally open for Q&A. But before we get to it, let me make one additional comment. Due to a combination of Hurricane Sandy and the impending Nor’easter impact anticipated to hit Wednesday and Thursday, we have a very low participation rate for our Investor Luncheon, scheduled for this Thursday. So what we’ve decided is to move that luncheon to December 3rd. This will give people plenty of time to reschedule. Now, Dan and I will be staying here right now for as long as it takes to be available for questions that you may have held off normally for the luncheon, if you believe you need a question answered prior to December 3rd. With all that said, I’ll now turn the call over to Tunisia, the operator and as always, we welcome your questions, Tunisia.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from George Mihalos from Credit Suisse.
George Mihalos: Just hoping you guys could dig in a little bit on the margins on the SPS side. You mentioned there is some investments, some TARP investments there. Can you provide some color on that? And then also, Dan, can you provide us the portion of SPS revenue that is fixed versus transactional?
Dan Sheldon: Yeah. Okay. So when you think about the margin, we are thinking about this way. There was $10 million that really, because of the trade volumes were down year-over-year and that also to the bottom line. And we had just over $2 million what was, we’ll call one-time type of investment for TARP. Now they are in that segment, because they’re not part of an acquisition et cetera, so the point to be -- you take those two pieces and even though net new business, we are very happy with. It comes in at 50% margin. So, hopefully, that gives you some flavor there. And then on the other piece that you asked about, which is back in the appendix, which is in SPS which is on page 23. When you think about what’s going on, you saw the equity trade volumes down you see that 19% and then you see that the non-trade equity was slightly up by $2 million. And also when looked at the fixed income, it’s slightly up by just over a $1 million. All right. So we feel pretty good about both those things.
George Mihalos: Okay. Great. And then in term of the sales pipeline, the 110 and 150 that you guys were guiding to for the year. Do you think that will now be even more back-end loaded given the impact of Sandy?
Dan Sheldon: I can’t imagine that the week we just lost, where even though we didn’t have access to our sales office at 1 Park, everyone is able to work remotely with or without access to 1 Park. It just wasn’t a week where the sale dialogues were already planned took place because our clients needed to spend their time dealing with the immediate issues of their infrastructure and getting through the day’s activities that day. So, hopefully, this will be call it a couple of weeks. I don’t expect it right now to be more than that. I think that something like Sandy, where a company like Broadridge, literally perform without missing a bit. And I would say we were one of the rare entities out there, just again reinforces the strength of the focus of our model. This is what we do. We do it very well, a very detailed BC pre-plans or business continuity plans. And so, our ability to perform from remote locations, need of our deliverables without missing a bit, I believe with the exception of a couple of weeks delay that we are anticipating really reinforces the need for people to go to professionals who are focused solely on these activities versus trying to be all things to all people in a world where focus is mattering more and more, and the cost to do it is getting to be more and more difficult if you spread your efforts.
George Mihalos: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Heckmann from Avondale.
Rich Daly: Peter, good morning.
Peter Heckmann: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me all right?
Rich Daly: Perfectly.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Great. Can you just talk a little bit more about the closed sales in the quarter? I think that’s the composition of that and what you might be thinking about in terms of visibility for the larger deals? Do you think is there a something from the election, is there in past uncertainty from regulatory must be, and do you think that, these decisions occur and relatively have a -- relatively better closed sales results in the next quarter?
Rich Daly: Sure. Let me, what I actually given the two questions so far, I’m disappointed that I actually didn’t think to include this in my formal comments. One think we should need to keep in mind is, if you recall we had a very strong quarter, the last quarter of fiscal year 2012, right. We had a remarkably strong June. The strongest we were ahead to my recollection in terms of activity. So, by ending the year so strongly, we were anticipating that some of the first quarter activity, okay, could be a little weaker, just because we had such a terrific fourth quarter and June. The strength of the products and the movement in the products particularly of less than $5 million, right, continuous to be very real and we discussed that at length in our fourth quarter call. There is no question we believe that the higher end of the range will require some larger transactions. We are in more active dialogues on larger transactions in our history and we have been very fortunate and please to identify someone with Steve Racioppo’s background to join us, who comes from Accenture with extensive experience in those type of transactions and managing that C-Suite process for literally thousands of professionals at Accenture. So, we continue to believe that we have the right products, growing product risk, very strong product risk and are well-positioned and we are as you can see by the hiring of Steve and other activities, putting more resource behind successfully executing on this opportunity. I’m highly confident it’s a matter of when it’s not a matter of if. Given the needs of the industry and the growing pipeline, and that’s why in my formal comments, I put, I was very pleased with the pipeline, as the pipeline continuously grow.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah. Rich, what I would add on to that one piece, because I think this is very important to how we’ve done our investments both internally in the acquisition is that if you think that about 110 to 115, we should be definitely thinking that was a 90 to 110 of deals under $5 million. And that is very important to us because the acquisitions by the way, you go back a couple of years they were only providing just around $10 million per year and they currently last year delivered just under $30 and of course, we are expecting to see north of somewhere around $40. So, anyway, I think those are very important things to also really register about how Broadridge is investing in the business and not just the large deal.
Peter Heckmann: Perfect. All right. That’s fair enough. And then one just follow-up question, the timing of transfer of those 100 correspondences from Apex to Cor clearing, as well as the timing of the -- of your expectation of the wind down the Penson Canada, so both those occur this quarter or would some of that trail into calendar ‘13?
Rich Daly: There is two combinations here. There is regulatory and there is some logistics. I think this quarter would be optimistic and probably not even realistic in its entirety. But from our performance whether it would be this fiscal year or going forward, 1Q have a clear path, which I’m saying we are at 95 plus percent of right now, which I’m very pleased about, because of the distractions that all Penson created to so many people around here, including John Hogan and myself. Now that we have a clear path, I’m not concern Pete about the timing of this, because there is revenue coming in from the existing source, there is revenue coming in from the new source and we’re just going to do what we always do which is (inaudible) and make sure it executed flawlessly.
Peter Heckmann: Okay. Okay. Great. I’ll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the David Togut from Evercore Partners.
Rich Daly: Hi, David.
David Togut: Good morning, Rich and Dan.
Rich Daly: Good morning.
David Togut: Could you update us on unit pricing trends on year-over-year basis both in the SPS business and in proxy?
Dan Sheldon: Sure. So, let me hit you first of all with the SPS business, okay. We are looking at that business still have about a 2%, we’ll call it price concession type of rate, this year it’s going to look larger because that’s were the $16 million fallout from where we were at Penson at $43 million down to the $27 million. But more importantly, we are looking at when we are out there, we are resigning additional business. I mean, one of the interesting things is, is that over 50% of our sales go back into the current client, so the way we look at pricing is a combination of new product, as well as some pricing pressure that we might be feeling there, but net-net we always look to be on the upside. As far as the ICS, you got meeting hand over we are at with the addressed last time with the proxy, yeah. That’s the only pricing pressure we really see on that and they isn’t it.
Rich Daly: So, we remain confident and I was the briefest I believe I’ve ever been on the regulatory update just by saying that we are confident in regulatory activities. We remain confident that the need for our technology and the continued deployment of our technology in the regulatory front will enable us to successfully manage going forward, by providing additional services and new revenue, and put us in a net revenue gain position from the regulatory activities, while simultaneously providing both investors and issuers higher level of services with that technology. And for the issue is who pay the bill, a lower cost through the reduction of printing and postage. So, really one of those win, win, win scenarios. As it relates to the other ICS activities, we are feeling very good, that business like all of our businesses, our clients are putting pricing pressure on us, but because we have a breath of products across both segments where we really can provide services, more cost effectively with a better client experience. We are confident that we will continue to grow those sales COR under the $5 million across a 150 products and through that have incremental revenue that will add a nice contribution and enable us to continue to grow both the topline and our earnings overall. So, we’re actually feeling good about our market position. We would certainly like for this, I’ll call it headwind as it relates the financial services to subside to some degree that still hasn’t appeared to have any real momentum behind it subsiding.
David Togut: Over the last 18 months, Rich, you’ve been very active on the acquisition front. What is the acquisition pipeline look like today? Should we expect them a significant pickup in activity over the next 12 to 18 months?
Rich Daly: David, what you are seeing from day one of the spin is a disciplined process. We believe that tuck-in acquisitions where under our umbrella, of our brand, of our distribution capabilities, and of a company whose products could be used by our clients. And by being owned by Broadridge will give them added confidence to buy that product. Okay, it’s been a key criteria. We’ve got strong financial criteria, where we said we can meet that criteria we should expect a 20% internal rate of return on those transactions. So, there have been some transactions that haven’t met the COR criteria about it being worth more to us than to others, which kind of takes us out of the running. And then there has been the criteria with the pricing hasn’t been aligned we think we’ll get us the returns we need. So, I would be disappointed, if 12 months from now, I make the statement I made today, which is that we did not do any transactions over the next 12 months. But as I’ve consistently said, we will do a transaction but does not -- we do not believe meets the criteria, okay. Because the stewards of our shareholders cash, we want to hedge the debt on the returns on these transactions. And we believe that as we did in the last quarter, if we do build up some cash, buying Broadridge right now is opportunistic because of our confidence in creating value going forward. So, we are active in the market. We’ve been active in the market. We’re not going to alter from our criteria. I’d be disappointed, if we didn’t do a transaction. You shouldn’t expect anything of some material nature. I’m not anticipating that right now, I’ll never say never but you shouldn’t anticipate that and I am not anticipating that. But you should anticipate that we are looking for Matrix, NewRiver type transactions because we are very pleased with the returns of those transactions.
David Togut: Quick final question for me. Why the change in non-GAAP earnings definition this quarter, what led to that thought process?
Dan Sheldon: What led to that thought process is we’ve been looking at our peer groups. We’ve been talking to some of the consultants that are out there advising companies and making sure that everybody is looking that when they are talking about GAAP and non-GAAP, what type of items, all right, really don’t carry any cash along with them and that’s amortization. So, the point was we highlighted back in August that we were going to potentially go down this path and we made sure that we have talked a lot with their analyst and investors just to make sure, we’ve got some of their perspective. But again, it became one of those things to really understand by the way, now you’re going to see right out there that says there is $20 million plus in amortization around $0.11 per share and it’s something that we think we should be very much highlighting just to think about the $1.76 to $1.86 and how that moves forward without any impact of that amortization.
Rich Daly: And David, going back to your question to may before about acquisition activity, we went down this path, because we would be very please to identify additional Matrix, NewRiver type transactions. And yet, when you look at their performance on a GAAP basis because of the amortization, it really we believe does not represent the value that we’re adding to the business with that amortization in there. Because for example, in both of those entities, right now, I am highly confident those entities are worth more post Broadridge acquiring them what we’ve done and pre what we’ve acquired and yet we’re taking charges on reducing the value on a GAAP basis.
David Togut: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donat from Sandler O’Neill.
Chris Donat: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Two, quick ones for me. Just looking at this stock position is down 4% and a matter of that’s quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year, but have the down 4% in the slide presentation. Just any comments there, I know that number can bounce around a little bit, but just trying to figure out there is any trend developed, it looks like there might be some deceleration are now slowing down of it?
Rich Daly: Chris, I think you really hit the nail on the head with the last thing you said which is the bouncing around. We really continue to feel very, very good about the ICS segment overall. And we feel very, very good about the core regulatory communications activities in that. The first quarter really isn’t a good barometer. The low interest rate environment returns that the markets are provided, the opportunities going forward, where we believe that whether it be in 401(k)s or in overall investment activity, people are going to need to invest. So, our views of the ICS business going forward in its overall revenue growth capabilities remain very strong and although stock record remained at a historical low point, basically running flat. We don’t anticipate that staying there. We do anticipate at a point in time that adding additional value, even without that volume coming back with that activity coming back, all of the ranges that we foresee, because of the things we can control in ICS, we feel very good about. And I actually short-term and long-term remain very comfortable with the stock record activity and positions.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, I would just add to that piece. Chris, when I look at the business, I take both that equities line and then I go down to the mutual fund, you know what it means by the mutual fund piece, the one that was up 9% and has been for the last couple of years. Because inside that’s got the equities, it’s got ETFs, it’s got all the mutual fund semiannual. So, when you think about it, whatever kind of messiness going on, we’re going to capture it somewhere or another. And then I think it’s very important to understand that for every one point, let’s even say it stayed down at a negative 4%, which we certainly hope does not. It’s about $4.5 million to $5 million. So, I think it’s on an annualized basis. So, I think to put it in perspective, I look at the combination and then I also know even if the one stayed down, the other one’s up.
Chris Donat: Got it. That’s helpful. I should have been paying attention to the mutual fund. So, the mutual fund also include ETFs, lump in…
Rich Daly: Yeah.
Chris Donat: Okay. And then just since no one has asked about event-driven, I feel like someone has to. Just any change you’ve seen in mutual fund proxy activity and also on that I assume there’s no implications to you from a Vanguard changing benchmarks on some of their funds but go to -- I might ask you in this forum?
Rich Daly: Okay. Let’s start with overall. We did have some increased activity this first quarter. It’s way to soon to call it a trend. When we continued to do our research on fund need, have activity. The core need of reelecting directive and the core need around, if they do any M&A activity or activity that require shareholder approval, they we will need to go out and get fund approval. So we do believe that the activity will not be as high as it was in the past, because of something they restructured. But we do believe that over a period of time, it has to trend higher than what we currently are. Even though, we are not planning in this planning, or even on our planning beyond this year for that return to occur. So we’d like to think that event driven is an upside potential and where we are. And as we’ve said many times, we find it difficult to understand how it could go much lower. And this first quarter it didn’t go lower, but again, we are not planning on that being a trend. We do believe that there is going to be some activities in the marketplace, whether it would be Vanguard activities or other activities. More significant was the ETF activity as Dan just pointed out though. We do distribute information related to ETFs as well, so we like activity. We like activity because whenever there is activity, it needs to be communicated to shareholders, the SEC and an asset management division needs to look at that activity and understand what investors rights are or aren’t, what investors rights need to be protected, and so we see activity is being a good thing. We expected always the activity. Some of that will give us a slight net benefit, some of that will give us a slight net reduction. But what activity does more than that is it enables investors to diversify into more positions. And from our point of view, the more investors diversify than what we are communicating and we really, really like that.
Chris Donat: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I’m showing, we have no further questions at this time. I will now the call back over to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: Tunisia, thank you. Well, let me end today with, first of all, thank you for participating and Dan, David and I want to certainly share our some serious thoughts that we hope that you and yours have all been safe throughout this process here in the Northeast. And we certainly hope that we all catch a break with this Nor’easter, and that it’s at the low end of the range is that it could be at. We really do look forward to getting together on December 3rd. We made that clear decision to move it from this Thursday, because as much as, Dan, David and I love getting together, we are a little concerned that we would be asking each other questions during the Investor Luncheon and we didn’t think that that would be all that productive. So, if between now and then, you do have a question, anything comes up, please reach out to us. David is available and whenever appropriate, David will link Dan and I in. So with all that, thank you for your participation today more than ever choose to have a great day and more than ever, okay, regardless of who you for let’s get out there and vote, because we truly are blessed to have that right and privilege. And I for certain will be out there today. Thanks so much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions, Incorporated first quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Rodick - Vice President, Investor Relations Rich Daly - Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore Partners Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer Christopher Donat - Sandler O'Neill Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kanisha and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Rick Rodick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012. This morning I'm here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer of Broadridge; and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge. I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the investor relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized here on slide number one. We encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I'd like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business is included in the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also, as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the Penson charges, IBM migration costs and restructuring charges. These one-time costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides investors with a more complete understanding of Broadridge underlying operating results. Now, let's turn to slide number two and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012, followed by discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the fourth quarter fiscal year 2012 financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summaries and closing thoughts before we head into the question-and-answering part of the call. Now please turn to slide three and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everyone. This morning as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics. First, I'll start with an overview of our fiscal year 2012 financial highlights and then I'll provide you with an update on the Penson transition followed by a discussion of our closed sales performance. Next, I will provide you with a brief update on our acquisitions and then I will discuss our fiscal year 2013 guidance. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up with my closing comments. Let's start on slide four, our fiscal year 2012 financial highlights. Overall, I'm satisfied with our fiscal year 2012 non-GAAP financial highlights. Revenues were up, a very healthy 11% for the year. The recurring revenue increase was a result of net new business, internal growth, acquisitions and 99% client revenue retention. Approximately 50% of the growth was organic and 50% was related to our recent acquisitions. I am very pleased with our strong recurring revenue closed sales results due to a greater than 60% increase in closed sales of $5 million per deal, which grew in total to $108 million in fiscal year 2012. I will discuss how we achieved these strong sales results to our increased product offerings in a few minutes. The revenue was up 6% as event-driven and distribution revenues were essentially flat with fiscal year 2011 results. I am satisfied with our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share results. They were up 13% to $1.55 per share for fiscal year 2012. This increase was primarily driven by higher revenues and our continued focus on cost containment. Our non-GAAP to GAAP adjustments to our results consisted of Penson impairment charges, IBM data center migration costs and some restructuring. The Penson charges are related to the cost incurred by the company in connection with assets the company held as a result of the sale of substantially all of our security clearing contracts to Penson, and the Penson and outsourcing services agreement. I will discuss this in significantly more detail on the next slide. The IBM data center migration cost or the cost we incurred in connection with the migration to our new data center. Most importantly, the IBM mainframe conversion was successfully completed on time without any service interruptions. We also incurred some restructuring costs during the year. Our non-GAAP adjustments to GAAP are significant non-recurring charges and we believe excluding them from our operating results provide a better representation of our operating results in run rate the business. In the case of Penson, which I will speak to later, this should not imply that we were not very disappointed in net outcome. During the year, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares of Broadridge stock at an average price of approximately $23.6 per share to offset stock compensation dilution. In August, the board approved a new stock repurchase plan for up to 4 million shares. With the new authorization, the company has approximately 10 million shares available for repurchase under its share repurchase plans. Now let's turn to slide five. In May 2012, Penson announced that it had entered into an agreement through Penson Financial Services, it's U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary and PEAK6 investments to form Apex Clearing Holdings, to provide clearing and related services to Penson's U.S. securities correspondence. In June, 2012, Broadridge entered into a 10-year Master Services Agreement with Apex, under which Broadridge will perform outsourcing services for Apex consistent with the securities processing and back office support services we had previously performed Penson and its subsidiaries. Broadridge's fees under the Apex Master Services Agreement are based on a percentage of Apex's revenue, and Apex Master Services Agreement provides for a termination fee to be paid to Broadridge any event is terminated by Apex for convenience during its term. As a result, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012, there is $74 million in pre-tax charges related to Penson. The charges included $21 million related to the cancellation of a five-year subordinated note with Penson. $13 million impairment of our investment in the Penson common stock, $47 million impairment of the deferred conversion cost associated with the Penson Outsourcing Services Agreement and other charges of $8 million. These charges were offset by the elimination of our obligation to reimburse Penson $15 million related to third-party vendor services. These charges resulted in a $54 million impact to our fiscal year 2012 GAAP net earnings from continuing operations after consideration of our tax rate and related loss of net operating carry forward of approximately $7 million. We anticipate that the new Apex agreement will have a dilutive impact on our fiscal year 2013 operating results of approximately $0.08 per share when compared to where we were with the Penson contract in fiscal year 2012. The Apex fees are based on a percentage of Apex's total revenue, including interest income, so actual results can be higher or lower than planned. While I am not pleased that the new agreement will have a negative impact on our earnings, it was a right long-term decision for Broadridge and our industry, and accordingly for our clients, shareholders and associates. The decisions that we made were consistent with maintaining Broadridge as a strong market leader. Our commitment to create long-term value combined with talented associates, great products and unparallel service make it easier to choose among top short-term choices for the long-term greater good. Consistent with our strong brand and the value we place on our market leadership and long-term value creation, key decisions such as these are based on doing the right thing. The confidence that we have in our outsourcing business and the service profit chain were also supported the decision that we made. Outsourcing remains a key strategy and has a very significant pipeline. In this case, the market needs the priority. The decisions that we made were also in the long-term best interest of our customers, associates and shareholders. Part of our confident in outsourcing is tied to the fact that the largest potential transactions in our sales pipeline are outsourcing deals. With that said, we will always challenge ourselves as to which assets and strategies will yield the best returns for our shareholders. Let's move on to slide six, closed sales performance. While I am certainly very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results. We finished fiscal year 2012 with a very strong fourth quarter and our recurring revenue closed sales were up 6% over fiscal year 2011's solid results. Our Investor Communication segment continued to have excellent recurring revenue closed sales. Full year closed sales of $72 million were up 13% as compared to fiscal year 2011. We also had very solid sales results in our SPS segment. Recurring revenue closed sales of $48 million were down slightly from last year's record results of $50 million. Remember, last year's results included a large $22 million deal. Our closed sales result included very few large transactions. Of the $120 million in closed sales $108 million were from deals less than $5 million. That is a greater than 60% increase over fiscal year 2011, and was achieved primarily as a result of the company's growing, emerging and acquired products. We have a very solid pipeline. The ability to have sales not dependent on the big deals is very tangible, because of our product load both organic and acquired. In the past, I talked to you about the growing momentum in the business and that beyond IBM, Morgan Stanley and Penson, there was true momentum in the business. Thank goodness that's true, because Penson offset some of what we were hoping to get done in fiscal year 2012, with the momentum fiscal year 2012 sales going forward (Inaudible) our Penson is the same and real. In fiscal year 2012, organic and acquired products accounted for approximately 45% of closed sales and we anticipate continued growth in this activity in fiscal year 2013 expecting that they will account approximately 55% to 60% planned closed sales activity. For fiscal year 2013, we expect recurring closed sales in the range of $110 million to $115 million. Let's turn to slide seven for a acquisition update. Since our spin-off, we have invested approximately $460 million in acquisitions. For fiscal year 2012, our acquisitions contributed approximately $217 million in revenue, $39 million in EBITDA, and $15 million earnings before taxes. We anticipate acquisitions will generate approximately $250 million in revenue, $50 million in EBITDA and $25 million in earnings before taxes in fiscal year 2013. While we looked at numerous acquisition opportunities during the year, we pursued three and closed one. On September 8, 2011, we acquired Paladyne Systems the (Inaudible) provider of buy-side technology solutions for the global investment management industry for approximately $72 million. We were attracted to Paladyne, because it was a profitable recurring revenue model in the high growth buy-side customer segment with a proven track record of success. When we chose to use your cash for an acquisition, it is because we believe the acquisition will drive more value for Broadridge given the halo effect revenue growth creates over all of our outstanding shares. While we have made a handful of acquisitions over the last few years, we reviewed hundreds of strategic and disruptive opportunities. Our internal rate of return hurdle rate of 20% is significant and we only pursued those acquisitions candidates that were a good fit for Broadridge. We have been successful in finding attractive opportunities even in a market with difficult operating conditions. Our acquisitions have helped us grow our business this year, even in this weak economic environment. The success of our tuck-in acquisitions enables our confidence in future growth as we expect them to contribute significantly going forward. Our acquisitions have provided us with more products to sell. They contributed to strong sales this year and we expect even stronger sales in fiscal year 2013 and beyond. Let me remind you of our priorities for cash. As I have stated in the past, our first priority is to pay a meaningful dividend, then our focus is on identifying strategic tuck-in acquisitions that create profitable revenue growth and those acquisitions will be funded primarily with our strong free cash flow. Given our stringent criteria for acquisitions and strong cash flow generation capabilities, it is likely we will accumulate cash balances at times during which we will consider opportunistic share repurchases. Going forward, we will determine the best way to consistently report acquisition results. Amortization of intangibles was approximately $22 million in fiscal year 2012, and we anticipate a similar amount in fiscal year 2013. The impact on earnings is approximately $0.11 per share in both years. Presently, Broadridge does not add this amortization of acquisition intangibles back to our non-GAAP financial results like many non-GAAP reporting companies do. Now let's turn to slide to eight, our fiscal year 2013 guidance. We anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 4% to 7%, and total revenue growth of 3% to 4% in fiscal year 2013. The revenue growth will be driven primarily by recurring revenue from closed sales and some internal growth. Also, our guidance does not anticipate any increase in event-driven or distribution revenues. We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.75, which excludes the impact of restructuring charges. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations are anticipated to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.70. Free cash flow should be approximately $225 million. More or less cash flow is tied to potential variations in working capital and conversion cost. This is a strong free cash flow business. This strong free cash flow has enabled to have a strong history of increasing dividends. The company's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.18 per share payable on October 1, 2012. As a result, the annual dividend will increase approximately 13% to $0.72 per share. This will be the fifth year in a row that we have increased our dividend payout. As I stated a little earlier, the board approved a new stock repurchase plan for up to 4 million shares. With the new authorization, the company has approximately 10 million shares available for repurchase under its share repurchase plans. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about fiscal year 2012's financial results and fiscal year 2013's plan.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. Let me turn to slide nine, the revenue growth drivers and the EBIT margin. You can note on the far right in blue, you can see we're providing the guidance as Rich just mentioned of 3% to 4% for total consolidated revenue growth and by the way again 4% to 7% for the recurring, because as you will see that I'll walk you through, it's all coming from the recurring. We expect to get four to five points of growth from sales, or 70% is already sold and in the process of being converted. We are still expecting a client revenue loss rate of about 1%. The reduced revenue from the Penson business is about 1 point in revenue, and it is netted into internal growth and that's why you see 0% growth in this line. We do expect to see some improvement in stock record positions and trade volumes at the higher end of our guidance, which I will go into more detail when I review with your our SPS and ICS on the next two pages. Acquisitions for the most part had hit their 12-month anniversary dates, so we are currently showing no growth coming from acquisitions. In the second bullet at the bottom, we point out that acquisitions since then collectively represent approximately 10% of our total revenues, 7% of our EBIT and 10% of our EBITDA. Given that we expect to be acquisitive in the future, we are looking at ways to bring greater transparency to the cash margin benefit, or EBITDA these acquisitions provide by showing margins with and without acquired intangible amortization. The EBIT margins below include approximately $22 million in intangible amortization, expense, which has a negative impact to EBIT margins of approximately 100 basis points and $0.11 per share impact on fully diluted earnings per share. Back up to the chart. With respect to both event-driven and distribution revenues, we're currently guiding for no growth here, but I will discuss further whenever (Inaudible). We are expecting margin expansion of 100 basis points to 180 basis points, where IBM and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney make up 80 basis points of that total. These margins we call non-GAAP and do not include approximately $10 million, or $0.05 per share in one-time restructuring charges related to some right-sizing we are doing in the outsourcing business given the reduced revenue from the Penson transaction. Let's turn to slide 10. Securities Processing Solutions. We finished fiscal year '12 with 10% revenue growth, where seven points came from the acquisition of Paladyne and the Penson outsourcing agreement. An additional five points came from closed sales, which were offset by client losses and internal growth. Although margins were down 80 basis points, excluding the impact of Paladyne, they would have been up 40 basis points. In FY'13, we expect revenues to be up four points at the high end or flat if we continue to experience lower trade volumes. Closed sales should generate approximately six to eight points, which is then partially offset by the impact of Penson and client losses. Penson is expected to have around a three-point negative impact to revenue year-over-year and a $16 million to $20 million negative impact to EBIT, which for the most part is offsetting the $15 million we expect in savings from the successful IBM migration. Given the lower revenue, we expect from the U.S. Penson Apex arrangement as well as the anticipated lower revenues related to the Penson Canadian business, we have classified this as a price concession and netted into our internal growth statistics. By the way, equity trade volumes were down seven points in Q4, while fixed income trade volumes were up nine points. We did see increased activity in our non-trade revenues, so internal growth overall for the quarter and the year were down a point and two points, respectively. Our guidance for the year assume some return of equity trade volumes at the high end and slightly negative at the low end. The margin ranges are primarily impacted by the way by trade volumes and conversion timing. However, the most important to take away from this page is that closed sales in fiscal year '12 of $48 million and the fiscal '13 outlook for $60 million to $80 million would put this business in a position to add 8 to 11 points in annualized revenues from sales alone, where again in fiscal year '13, we're expecting to get six to eight points of growth from closed sales. Let's turn to slide 11, Investor Communication. We finished fiscal year '12 with 5% revenue growth and margin expansion of 120 basis points. Recurring revenues were up 11%, two-thirds of which came from organic growth and one-third from the carryover of acquired businesses. With respect to margins, the core business and acquisitions added 98 points of the pick-up and the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney another 30 points. Our fiscal year '13 outlook has us expecting 4% total revenue growth and margin expansion of over 200 basis points. In fiscal year '13, we expect recurring fee revenue growth of 8% to 10%. This business has had a recurring revenue CAGAR since the spin-off of 9%, which has included four points from acquired business. In FY'13, we expect all the growth to be in the form of organic growth. Our 4 points of total revenue growth is all coming from continued strong closed sales, including new products and acquisitions about the same level of stock record position growth that we had in fiscal year '12, and a 99% client retention rate. As already mentioned, we are not including any growth for event-driven or related distribution revenues in our outlook, however we did at least see some improvements in Q4 of last year. We will continue to monitor this as we move through the first half of fiscal year '13. We anticipate significant margin improvements of well over 200 basis points in fiscal year '13. Let me put this into perspective. The core business, including acquisitions in fiscal year '13, is expected to provide over 100 of those basis points as the acquisitions in this segment are now fully integrated. The rest of the improvement is expected to come from the completion of our Morgan Stanley and some selective restructurings we did last year. I'll now turn the call back over to Rich.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to page 12 for my summary wrap up. I am satisfied with our non-GAAP operating results for fiscal year 2012. Recurring revenue was 11% and total revenues were up 6% as a result of strong recurring revenues driven by net new business, internal growth, acquisitions and excellent client retention. Event-driven revenues were flat with fiscal year 2011. We also had very good recurring revenue closed sales of $120 million due to the growing success of our emerging and acquired products. As I said earlier, I am not pleased with the new Apex agreement as a result of the Penson transaction and that it will have a negative impact on our earnings. This was the right long-term decision for Broadridge and its shareholders. Outsourcing remains a key strategy and is a large component of our sales pipeline. I am confident in the future growth of our outsourcing business. Strategically, we believe that our outsourcing assets will position Broadridge to pursue new financial service opportunities. The business that we spun-off five years ago was very different from our business today. In the past, we were generally relying on stock record growth, trade growth and event-driven revenues, but today the driver that has enabled us to perform through the market downturn has been product, and a lot more of them. Therefore, we maintain our confidence in the future, but it is not because we are banking on stock record growth, trade growth or event-driven revenues returning. It's all about new and enhanced product, increasing brand strength and Broadridge's ability to sell and execute to the new needs of our marketplace. We have a broader product portfolio and more potential right now than we've ever had in our history. We have a sales plan that gives us multiple ways to succeed and multiple paths to take because of these expanding products. The momentum that Broadridge has achieved is real and sustainable. Everything you (Inaudible) about our future revenue and earnings growth opportunity is tied to our expanding product breadth. The bottom line is that the markets have been down for a prolonged period of time, however we are growing our business regardless of when they improve. Broadridge is well positioned in large markets and we have a clear proven sales strategy for growth. Our strategy is to be the leading provider of investor communications and technology driven solutions to broker dealers, mutual funds and corporate issuers. We have a balanced and diverse portfolio across our two business segments with over 160 product offerings now. The bank broker-dealer communications, we will reinforce our role as the industry leader by accelerating the Broadridge-driven transition to eDelivery, and we will drive growth in adjacent markets through new, organic or acquired solutions. This is a new growth opportunity made more tangible by the New York Stock Exchange, Proxy Fee Advisory committee report and it's recognition of a value of the Broadridge investment Mailbox solution. For mutual funds, we will leverage our unique data hub position and the bank broker-dealer market and we will grow retirement trade processing, data aggregation and marketing communication services. For Issuer Solutions, we will capitalize on our experience and beneficial processing to expand direct relationship with issuers and also expand registered proxy, transfer agency and enhanced issuer services. For broker-dealer technology and outsourcing, we will leverage our market leading global platform to expand current relationships and also grow global processing, business process outsourcing and selectively pursue new agencies. We will grow both segments by leveraging our unique network, our client relationships and our brand and service reputations. We will do so with a combination of continued strong sales growth across both segments, potentially enhanced by strategic tuck-in acquisitions. We will stay the course on the successful path we charted over the past few years by expanding product offerings and their related sales. If there is one takeaway I would like to have you leave this call with is that irrespective of our markets and clients' challenges, Broadridge has proven that we can create and acquire products that will grow revenue. The most significant true statement is, our fiscal year 2012 closed sales results was a greater than 60% increase in sales than $5 million per deal. The New York Stock Exchange (Inaudible) deserves more commentary since this once proceed challenge now screens opportunity. In May 2012, the Proxy Fee Advisory committee to the New York Stock Exchange issued its recommendation on fees for beneficial shareholder distribution. The report was a combination of work and analysis, which began in September, 2010. The report makes recommendations to changes in fees, however at this time it is not a formal proposal to changing New York Stock Exchange rules pertaining to fees. Such changes would be subject to public comment and SEC approval. The report acknowledges that the current system to beneficial shareholder communications and proxy distribution is reliable, accurate and secure. The report makes recommendations for changes that would better align fees to the work involved and provide greater transparency some fees would increase, others would decrease. The report estimates that there would be a modest decrease of 4% in fees overall spread across the entire industry. The fee impact on any one participant in the process will vary by individual circumstances such as for example the number and type of positions held the extent to which physical mailings are eliminated et, cetera. The report discusses the upside associated with future cost reductions to issuers and greater use of technologies by retail investors. Overall, I believe the net impact to Broadridge of any potential changes would be slightly positive. Broadridge welcomes the opportunity to provide additional information to the Proxy Fee Advisory committee in connection with open items such noble list stratification and the appropriate level of success fees for Investor Mailbox-like solutions designed to increase retail participation. Long-term, we believe this acknowledgement of Broadridge technology hays way the way for more efficient investor communications, greater retailer participation and appropriate shareholder returns. Our data center migration to IBM was substantially completed in June 2012 with the last portion of the migration scheduled to be completed in august. The migration will lead to an anticipated $15 million in cost savings in fiscal year 2013 and $25 million for the nine subsequent years beginning in fiscal years 2014. The Morgan Smith Barney conversion was fully implemented in fiscal year 2012, as anticipated and will generate earnings right in line with our expectations. For fiscal year 2013, we anticipate solid recurring revenue growth of 4% to 7%, and total revenue growth of 3% to 4%. The revenue growth will be driven primarily by recurring revenue from closed sales and some internal growth. Also, our guidance does not anticipate any increase in event-driven or distribution revenues. We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share before continuing operations to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.75, excluding the impact of Penson charges. Broadridge's product breadth, ability to grow revenue recognition by our industry for leadership as an excellent provider of mission-critical services has increased dramatically over the last five years. To-date, this has only enabled us to maintain shareholder value. We remain committed and confident that our long-term focus will finally lead the sustainable increases in earnings that will provide our shareholders with the returns they deserve. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our associates who remain dedicated, engaged and focused as we continue to find ways to create shareholder value through these challenging times. Because of their reference, our future for our associates, clients, shareholders and industry is very promising. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator and we welcome your questions as always. Kanisha?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from David Togut from Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Rich, you've characterized fiscal recurring revenue closed sales of $120 million as strong, but that's at the low end of your guidance of 1.10 to 1.50, so I really have two questions. Number one, where is sales force quota set relative to your recurring revenue closed sales guidance? Then second, if you could give us more insights into the demand environment, both for ICS and SPS, and what you are seeing in terms of unit pricing trends in both businesses.
Rich Daly: Sure. David, I think it's a great question and I appreciate you asking me to put it context. The reason I am pleased is that we have always been dependent on a couple of large deals, at least a large deal to even get into our range, and large deals have throughout our entire history always been lumpy just because of the long-term nature of getting us closed. For us to have had an increase of 60% are what I'll call the bread-and-butter deals, the basics to the point that we have confidence in those to be able to make the range and the large deals, which we are confident will continue to happen albeit on a lumpy basis to even enhance our ability to grow revenue more so is why I was so pleased with the results for this year. Because of product, we have more control of destiny, okay? Without the dependence on the large deal, we think the large deals, when they happen, we'll make it much easier to get into the range and even take us to the higher end of range as we go forward, because of our confidence. In terms of the pricing, I would say that the pricing of the deals that we did this year were pretty much in line with the expectations that we had, and we feel good about the value proposition and we feel good about the differentiation we have of our products versus the products in the market, because, one, we're viewed as the industrial strength reliable player. Two, because the value propositions and the efficiency we bring to our client is very tangible and real.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Rich, if you could perhaps address my question on sales force quotas, are those set at the low end of your guidance or the high end? I am just trying to understand that you are setting stretched goals for the sales force. I mean are you expecting them to be at the high end of closed sales for FY'13? Are expecting big deals to actually close in FY'13, or should we expect kind of small deals singles and doubles to get you to kind of the low end of the range, but needing big deals to get more towards the high end?
Rich Daly: David, I apologize for not picking up that part of the question. It's a great question not only for the sales force, but for management including me. The quotas are generally set higher, so even though I am saying that I am so pleased, when the proxy ultimately comes out, my quota performance versus sales is slightly below what the target would be, okay? But, at the time we set the plan up, we never anticipated the success of the deals on the $5 million and we never anticipated the increased market acceptance of our new and acquired products at the level in particularly that we achieved this year.
Dan Sheldon: In answering the last piece of that which was how should you think about hitting the singles and doubles? That's pretty much in a $100 million range. Okay? Then above that is the greater than $5 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about the visibility into the new Apex agreement and how evaluate that the $0.80 delta from the prior deal?
Dan Sheldon: Okay. The way we looked at that was is that, because it's on a variable pricing and that we looked back in time like the last few quarters how they were doing as well as made some projections out there, we were able to say you know what? We think that right now when we say the $0.08 difference would more come into the high end of our guidance and then those maybe $3 million or $4 million worth are at the lower end of our guidance if there was any problem, call it, any of their volumes or revenue.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  So, based on what you have seen sort of through July, what's been the sort of the run rate or the appetite of clients staying with Apex? Have you seen any big change or is it still to come?
Dan Sheldon: For our visibility that we saw pretty much through June, okay? And in July, it wasn't a client retention issue that they were facing. It's like everyone out just like we're facing trade volumes and clearing.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Great. Okay. Then I just wanted to see if the retention has changed at all yet. Then just as a follow-up and just maybe can you just walk us from the prior $1.80 view that you gave us, I guess now to the mid-point of $1.70. It sounds like $0.08 is Penson. I think there were restructuring, savings as well, so what's the delta there?
Dan Sheldon: The way to think about the $1.80, what we just gave you on the $0.08 was year-over-year, so at last year, okay? We had $42 million from Penson, and now I gave you the range, call it, 24 to 27 type of thing. The way to be thinking about the $1.80 was, we were anticipating $50 million from Penson, so if you just do the math, you can get down to the difference, okay? Which is 23? Right? or 53 to 27? Okay? Then most of that all fall into the bottom line, and then we also have some transitioning costs that are ongoing. This is not part of that $10 million what we're calling restructuring charge, okay? This is dollars that we agreed to, to help through a transitioning which will go on for a couple of years, and that's what makes up the difference, so what we have really said is they are somewhere between $0.10 and $0.11 of off our $1.80.
Rich Daly: Tien-tsin, this is Rich. Given what JPMorgan does and the fact that you have a clearing business, you are probably very familiar with the challenges for projecting our business. In putting together the plan for this year, we try to anticipate some of the current challenges of the business, including clearing firms' ability to retain their client. We also did not anticipate any return of interest rates. This new transaction for us is a new economic model, because it's a percentage of revenue deal which includes interest rates as I said in my comments, and even though interest rates are at a 60-year stock low from what I understand, we have nothing in there that anticipates rates coming back during our planning period.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Okay. It's good to know. Last one for me. I guess, acquisition appetite here I know your long-term guidance you've talked about adding one or two points in tuck-ins. You are assuming zero here. Is there stuff to buy that's close? I am curious what the status is there.
Rich Daly: Like with large deals, acquisitions fit into the same category, but it's not over until it's over, so let me refer to last year, which will give you a better view in terms of the future. I said we pursued three transaction. I was highly confident, we would have closed as we were proceeding through it, so we will not put anything into a plan until it's closed, and because of our what we believe is very high hurdle rate that we have internally for acquisitions and our really strong discipline not to back away from that, I wouldn't plan on any new deals being there until we announced to you that we have actually successfully closed them, but you should believe based on the success that we've had in doing transactions and we think the very strong contribution and impressive returns we are getting, you should believe we're working very hard to identify and close.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Kissane from Credit Suisse.
Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse: Rich, if you look at the $60 million to $80 million that you are assuming for SPS closed sales in fiscal '13, how much of that's coming from outsourcing and what's the margin profile on that? Just following up on that, presumably the smaller deals that you had success on in fiscal '12, they'll have somewhat higher margins than say the corporate average?
Rich Daly: Jim, because of the large deal challenges, okay? Even the large deals we put in there, we cap the amount that we put in, so yes there would be one or two large deals, but they're not in our plan at the value we expect them to bring. It's a way hedging it. This year, the way we managed successfully through that hedge was by having more basic transactions the less than $5 million close than we would have expected to be successful at. We're building off of that success and I put that over the number that we have overall for sales next year, we're expecting 55% to 65% of the growth versus the 45% growth we had this year to come from that category.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. Let me just help with just adding onto that. If you think about that number that we've just talked about, okay? Then think about this, so last year we had about just over $10 million in outsourcing and there was one large deal in there just slightly over $5 million. As we look at next year, the thinking in our numbers we are kind of giving you for guidance, they could be anywhere between $10 million and $15 million, but Rich is right. Everything we are looking at isn’t really just outsourcing alone. This is really going to be a combination of outsourcing as you think about people and technology When we think about margins, we’re still in that we'll call it 35% kind of range, blended range for that, okay? And then there’s other things that could be out there that are much larger.
Rich Daly: Jim let me see if I can clarify what I said a little better. In my formal comments I said that organic and acquired was approximately 45% of closed sales, and that in 2013 we are expecting they will account for approximately 55% to 60% of closed sales, so if you go back at any point in time over our history and even just a couple of years ago, we did not have that confidence and momentum in that new organic and acquired product activity.
Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse: I think you said what portion of sales in fiscal '12 came from acquisitions that you made since the spin or since maybe '08?
Rich Daly: Self-generated new products and acquired was 45%, approximately 45% of closed sales. The plan we are putting together are planned activity. Now, we’re thinking it’s going to be 55% to 60%. Let me give you an example. If we had the fortune of having multiple launch deals then it wouldn’t be because the overall sales number would be up. The organic and acquired would be a lower percentage but still come in about the same number that we're planning, the dollar amount just not the same percentage amount. That would be a great problem to have.
Dan Sheldon: The question was acquisition, so let's put that in perspective of the 45% which was just under $30 million came from the acquisition. Slightly over $10 million came from the outsourcing and the rest then came from emerging product, I think that’s the right way to put it in perspective.
Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse: I don’t want to get into too much detail, but any particular acquisition accounting for disproportionate amount of their sell success?
Rich Daly: We've had pretty good success and very close to our original plans that we put together overall across the board. The blended portfolio that’s how we’re going to be talking about it, but there is no disappointments on any of the sales. The point of the matter is, some are going to do better and lot of it has to do with two, when the deal closes because some of them are little bit larger than some of the other ones.
Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse: Okay. Rich, is it safe to assume given the new authorization that you buyback more stock in fiscal ’13 than you did in fiscal ’12?
Rich Daly: Jim you know my position on this is that we’re never going to say before we do something what we may or may not do, but we’ll report on a very timely basis after we do it.
Jim Kissane - Credit Suisse: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Zaffino from Oppenheimer
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Hi. On the subject of deals, what areas you are looking at right now? From our perspective it's great to make those acquisitions versus buybacks or dividends et, cetera. You know what type of criteria you are looking at for deals or I know you talked to someone about the amortization, but what's the best way to assess how good a deal is when you first do it? Just help us out a little bit. Thanks.
Rich Daly: Ian, without repeating, we hope transparent data we gave you on the performance of our acquisitions to-date and even breaking out the intangible amortization amount there. That we believe gives you a pretty clear view of the acquisition performance to-date, and I would tell you that we would look for additional transactions to fit in the same category. By the setting the internal rate of return hurdle rate of 20%, we believe when we identify a transaction that meets our criteria, that gives us the ability to create that level of performance. In terms of the areas both, in my wrap up and when we talked about the strategy of the business, across our Investor Communication segment where we've had transactions, access data, NewRiver, also Matrix in our expanding products in the mutual fund world, okay? Paladyne, going, expanding our Securities Processing segment into the buy-side where we believe we’re well positioned. Those segments that we are servicing, those segment that we believe will recognize as a very good vendor partner, and a very good market leader and as a very reliable and cost-effective player, it’s leveraging that brand which is what we have a very strong desire to continue, so you should expect us to go out of our natural areas, where we are a proven success company. You should expect us to look in those areas, where we can leverage our brand, leverage our distribution channel, leverage our infrastructure, leverage our sales force and have a far better hedge than buyers of the same property, because of our strength in our markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donat of Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Donat - Sandler O'Neill: One quick question on the expanded repurchase authorization. If I take the 10 million shares at current prices that's over $200 million worth of stock you would be buying back and that’s a pretty large chunk of the $225 million of projected free cash flow. I’m just trying to get the rationale for why the Board went from 6 million to 10 million. Is that really to say, hey, if we don’t do any acquisitions then that gives us the ability to buy back shares?
Rich Daly: Chris, this is Rich. Again, when it comes to repurchases, we recognize that we have no desire to hoard cash which I said in my comments. We’ve recognize that there will not always be the opportunities we want for tuck-ins. We’ve recognized that there are appropriate times when it is opportunistic to buyback and we will absolutely consider all those factors as we analyze what's the best use of our shareholders' cash to provide greater returns to them, so we will always consider those variables and in considering those variables, having an authorization, gives us the flexibility if and when we determine that it's appropriate that the best use of our shareholders' cash at that point in time and the best opportunity to create returns for our shareholders. Beyond that, all right? I wouldn't be comfortable going into any of the dialogue that I've had with the board because I'm not looking to telegraph anything one way or the other, all right? But I will always be very timely in a call explaining exactly what happened if and when we do something and why we did it.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. The only think I would add to that is let’s not forget the cash balances we have on hand as of June 30th, okay? Which is over $320 million. We want to keep in like $150 million of that and at the same time our debt capacity now, keeping to our 2 to 1, so those are all levers that we can in order to do the various thing Rich talked about, invest in the business acquired, dividends and buybacks.
Rich Daly: Rest assured every decision that I discuss with the board and that we will ultimately execute is tied to a relentless contentment to the need to create shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Heckmann from Avondale Partners
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: As regards the outsourcing business, can you dive it a little bit in terms of the revenue level and the expected losses post the change to Penson/Apex. Then what you're estimating in there in terms of potential future changes.
Rich Daly: Right. The outsourcing business, when you go back to our key steps pages is what we'll call the $82 million ending last year. There is new business coming onboard as well as you know we have now the down tick from the Penson business.
Dan Sheldon: One additional thing that's not specifically related to the numbers, Pete, but if you think about the market and even some of the press releases that are client who aren't live yet, have enabled us to issue with them. Schwab announced about their international offering and we anticipate that going live in the very near future. Bloomberg announced that they are going to be moving trade book on to it and we anticipate that going live in this fiscal year. Although we're not privy to all of their internal dialogues and we're not privy to their growth plans specifically both of those organizations as an example have proven track records of being market leaders in what they do, and so we're very excited about the fact that the outsourcing opportunity enabled us to enter into a relationship with those two very, very brand name organizations along with the dozen plus other clients that we've entered into the relationship with. Although it's not in the plan to say they are all going to drive inherent growth, okay? As we go forward, I would be stunned if the transactions we entered into with just all these very strong organizations, there are so many strong organization in the outsourcing space, didn’t create inherent growth beyond what we are going forward.
Rich Daly: Yes. Just kind of going back on the perspective of kind of things we've talked about a lot. I told you add just over $80 million, obviously it is around $20 million as well as the new business that we've been talking about this in the backlog et, cetera should drive us above $70 million. We did say that by the way with no huge deals that we should be doing 10 to 15 in sales next year, but what I will tell you is in our pipeline the largest amount of activity that we're excited about is in the outsourcing space. Let's see if we land it, but the point of the matter is, I haven't seen as high of a level of interest in the pipeline in any of the past years as I have seen to where we are today.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Okay. That's great. Maybe we are not specifically drawing a roadmap, we get an indication that while that business may have fallen back to generating, operating losses. We should be in a good position to get it back into the black and potentially reach those target margins over a reasonable period of time?
Rich Daly: One of the things that we are dealing with is the difficulty in projecting these mega large deals Dan's comments support the formal, comments that I made about where the most significant opportunities, we have in the pipeline are I'll also say that the one product that consistently enables Broadridge and myself to not only have meaningful dialogue in the C suite, but at the absolute highest level being the CEO in the C suite is the outsourcing opportunity.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Great. Then just one further question on the event-driven piece. I guess I am little bit unclear if there change in control at a mutual fund firm does that automatically then require some proxy activity, or does it kind of dependent on how that change of control goes when there is going to be fund that emerge?
Rich Daly: It does depend on how it goes, but in the majority of cases, historically a change of control require shareholder approval and things that require shareholder approval have to involve Broadridge because we handle the vast, vast majority of the street side and of course because of our strong technology we win a very high percentage of the registered site as well, and we certainly intend to continue that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leo [Schmidt].
Unidentified Analyst:  Hello, gentlemen. I wanted to clear up something in mind here. You were saying that you had a very large percentage last year of about 45% of the under the $5 million deals. I thought I heard you say lot of that is having to do with your new should I say product offerings that have come with the acquisitions, and I wanted to make sure that's the case If it is, is this changing some of the character of your growth, meaning that you’re going to be able to have a lot more the smaller, possibly more profitable under $5 million opportunities that will just drive growth may be in a more consistent and profitable way.
Rich Daly: Leo, I am delighted you are asking for clarification, because what you're really leaving with is a key takeaway that we were hoping you would leave with which is, because of our success in organic and acquired products, okay? We were able to have a strong fourth quarter in sales and we were able to get further into the range than we would have anticipated getting into without a large deal. Going forward, in our plan for next year, yes. We are intending to continue that. We have very detailed sales plans by product, by business unit, by sales head, by sales individuals which reconciles back to all of this and so we are expecting Broadridge overall to be able to sell more of these organic we develop new and acquired products as we go forward into fiscal '13.
Unidentified Analyst:  As I think about this as conceptually, this should give you a more consistent growth rate meaning that you can add these lumpy outsourcing deals that would accelerate the growth rate, but you are not necessarily counting on that as you move forward. Am I putting words into your mouth there or is that what's the message I was supposed to be taking away?
Rich Daly: Leo, I like the way you stated that, and because sales can never be something as guaranteed, all right? I said specifically that the one takeaway I'd like you to leave the call with is that irrespective of our markets and clients challenges going to right what you said? Broadridge has proven that we can create and acquire products that will grow revenue. The proof statement this year, from the 60% increase we had in sales of less than $5 million per deal is exactly what you're referring to. We believe that going forward we can maintain that momentum and have at least to the low end of the range more control of destiny in achieving our sales performance than we've historically had.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Kanisha. Well, thank you for your active participation today. It is truly sincerely appreciated. Dan, Rick and I are going to choose to have a great day, but I will tell you we are also going to choose to continue on the path to find multiple ways to create the shareholder value you deserve. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Incorporated fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard G. Rodick - Former Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer and Director Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Marcus, and I'll be your conference facilitator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that the call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard G. Rodick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge Quarterly Earnings Call and Webcast for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer of Broadridge; and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge. I'm sure by now, everyone has had an opportunity to read the earnings release we issued this morning. That news release and slide presentation that accompanies today's earnings call and webcast can be found on Investor Relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized here on Slide #1, and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I'd like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the Clearing business is now showed as discontinued operations and our remaining Outsourcing business is now part of the Security Processing Solutions segment. Also as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the Penson impairment charges and IBM migration costs. These one-time costs are significant, and we believe the non-GAAP information provides a better representation of our actual performance. Now let's turn to Slide #2, and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the third quarter of fiscal year 2012 financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the question-and-answering part of the call. Now please turn to Slide #3, and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics: first, I'll start with an overview of our third quarter fiscal year 2012 financial highlights and guidance; then I'll discuss our closed sales performance. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up, as usual, with my closing comments. Let's start on Slide 4, our third quarter fiscal year 2012 financial highlights. Overall, I'm satisfied with our third quarter financial results. While total revenues were up 4% for the quarter versus fiscal year 2011, recurring revenues were up 9%. The recurring revenue increase was a result of net new business, internal growth and acquisitions. Approximately 50% of the growth was organic and 50% was related to our recent acquisitions. Client revenue retention remained very strong at 99%. However, event-driven revenues declined slightly. Year-to-date revenues were up 8%, while recurring revenues were up 13%. The year-to-date revenue growth was attributable to the same factors that impacted the quarter. I am pleased with our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share results. They were up 12% to $0.28 per share for the third quarter and 25% to $0.55 per share year-to-date as compared to the comparable periods in fiscal year 2011. This increase was driven primarily by the higher revenues and our focus on cost containment. In the first quarter, we completed the balance of the Penson conversion such that 100% of Penson's accounts are now fully processing on our platform. Annual revenues under the original terms of the outsourcing services agreement are approximately $50 million. The low interest rate environment continues to be a financial challenge to clearing firms. Penson announced on March 13, 2012, that it had entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement, or RSA, with Broadridge and several other debt holders. The RSA provides for proposed transactions related to the restructuring of Penson's debt, including the selling note held by Broadridge. Specifically, the RSA provides that Penson will launch an exchange offer by May 14, pursuant to which it will offer to exchange our seller note for newly issued shares of Penson. Careful analysis of this situation led to Broadridge recording a $21 million impairment charge in our other segment and other expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings at March 31, 2012. We will continue to monitor all of Penson's restructuring efforts with great interest. While I'm disappointed that we had to record an impairment charge, Penson has fully converted onto our platform, which adds Penson to the long list of clients with the scope of responsibilities, including the protection of customer assets is dependent on the ongoing processing of books and records by Broadridge. We are reaffirming our non-GAAP full year earnings per share guidance of $1.50 to $1.60. Our revenue guidance is now 7% to 8% growth, down slightly from last quarter, primarily due to lower distribution and event-driven revenues. We have been able to offset the earnings related to the revenue shortfall with cost management. Now let's turn to Slide 5. I am pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results. We believe recurring revenue closed sales is our most important sales metric to monitor, as it is a good indicator of future revenue growth. In addition, we anticipate that approximately 50% of our full year revenue growth will be generated by closed sales. Year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales of $79 million increased 10% versus $72 million for the first 9 months of fiscal year 2011. Our Investor Communications segment continues to have very strong recurring revenue closed sales this fiscal year. Year-to-date sales of $44 million were up more than 50% as compared with the first 9 months of fiscal year 2011.  Our sales results have also been solid in our SPS segment. Year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales were $35 million. And although they were down from fiscal year 2011, last year's closed sales included a very large $20 million strategic sale. Even though excluding that large transaction, SPS recurring revenue closed sales were up. We would prefer both traditional recurring revenue deals and large deals to be up year-over-year. I'm also very pleased with our sales pipeline. Our sales pipeline is across all of our businesses and is strong and growing. To be in our pipeline, there needs to be a meeting with the client and a level of interest. There can be a long way between being in the pipeline and closing the deal. However, we have more opportunity today than we've ever had. We have a lot of products in the pipeline, and some have the potential to become hot products, as I like to call them. The overall breadth of our product activity includes data management capabilities through Access Data, asset growth through Matrix, digital communications through Volly, growing issuer services, expanding buy-side activities through Paladyne and reengineering the back office with our outsourcing capabilities. All of this provides us with multiple paths to strong incremental sales which will lead to solid revenue growth. We have worked very hard to get ourselves positioned with products to enable growth every year. Therefore, we are reaffirming our full year recurring revenue closed sales guidance of $110 million to $150 million. Now I'll turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about the third quarter's financial results. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I'm on Slide 6, the revenue growth drivers, EBIT and free cash flow. I'll be focused on the 3 columns to the right side of the page. As Rich already mentioned, we have revenue growth of 4% and 8% for the quarter and year-to-date, respectively, and we're expecting 7% to 8% for the year. Focusing on the individual drivers as we move into the final quarter of this fiscal year, the recurring closed sales will contribute approximately 4% to consolidated revenues this year. We also expect, as Rich mentioned just now, $110 million to $150 million in closed sales this year. In order to achieve the high end of the range, we'll need to have some of the larger deals we're working on closed in the fourth quarter. Our client losses have been running at approximately 1% for the year, or more appropriately, we're running at a 99% retention rate. Our internal growth, which comes primarily from stock record positions and trade volume, contributed 1% for the quarter and are expected to contribute approximately 1% for the year. We were pleased that stock record positions for mutual funds were still growing in the high mid-single digits, and we are also expecting equity stock record growth to be positive this year. Trade volumes continued to be the challenge at least in Q3, although year-to-date, equity trade volumes are flat to last year. For Q3, we're down approximately 11%, primarily driven by lower international trading activity. Fixed income volumes were up slightly for the quarter but not at the double-digit levels we had previously seen. In April, equity trade volumes were down 9%; and for the first few days in May, about flat to last year. So when you look at it, the guidance we're giving for the SPS segment at the low end would be that we continue to see some deterioration in trade volumes and at the high end, at least, may see some kind of recovery. With respect to acquisitions this year, we will contribute 3 points of growth, and as discussed last quarter, have been successfully integrated into the business. So recurring revenue drivers are expected to contribute approximately 7% to consolidated revenue growth for the year. As Rich mentioned, event-driven fee revenues are not rebounding at this point. However, at least in Q3, we were up from Q2, and we expect Q3 levels of approximately $35 million to continue into Q4. Distribution revenues expected to have little positive impact to the consolidated revenues for this year, and that's primarily driven by the lower event-driven. So we're pleased with sales, our retention and acquisition contribution, as well as some of our cost-saving measures, as they are all driving the expected full year EBIT growth from last year's 13.1% to at least 13.6%.  The last bullet on the page shows free cash flow between $136 million and $188 million. And without the one-time impact of the IBM and Penson activity, the range would approximate $230 million to $280 million in free cash flow. Let's move to Slide 7, the Penson impairment analysis. Over the last 9 months, we've taken approximately $32 million in noncash P&L charges related to Penson. The $11 million charge year-to-date are an investment in Penson stock relates to the eroded value of the stock price, which we believe is other than temporary, as we've discussed before. The $22 million charge related to the note receivable relates to assumptions we've made related to the Restructuring Support Agreement Rich discussed earlier.  There remains $47 million in deferred client conversion costs on our balance sheet that represents cash already deployed for expenditures related to converting the Penson business in the U.S. and Canada which we capitalized. In reviewing these assets for impairment, we considered our terms and conditions of the Penson outsourcing agreement, the significant regulatory capital and the broker-dealer as of December to operate that business during the restructuring activity, the payment status to Broadridge from Penson, and in addition, we go through a weighted average calculation of cash flows related to the $50 million, our revenue. Our conclusion is that these assets are not impaired at this time, and we'll continue to monitor these assets for impairment in future periods, as we have in the past related to Penson. Our Q, which will be filed shortly, has disclosures on what I've just reviewed above in Note 7 and 8. And the next 2 slides and the appendix material address this segment and other materials some of you have asked for. But in the interest of time, I'm not going to review them during this call.  Rich, I'll turn it back to you.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 10, as usual, for my summary wrap up.  I'm satisfied with our operating results for the 9 months of fiscal year 2012. Recurring revenues were up 13%, and total revenues were up 8% as a result of strong recurring revenues, driven by net new business, internal growth, acquisitions and excellent client retention. However, event-driven revenues have fallen to a new historic low. Our non-GAAP earnings per share were up 25% versus the first 9 months of fiscal year 2011 through our strong recurring revenue growth and cost containment. Non-GAAP earnings were up $14 million year-to-date, and our non-GAAP earnings per share were up $0.11 to $0.55. We are on target this year for our sales guidance, and we anticipate achieving this without closing a large $10 million-or-greater deal. As I said earlier, we are really pleased with our sales pipeline. We have more product and more potential right now than we've ever had. We have a sales plan that gives us multiple ways to succeed and multiple paths to take because of expanding product. It's almost like Broadridge's version of a money ball approach, where a contribution from many ordinary sources can yield strong results without a reliance on a home run-type source.  The business that was spun off 5 years ago is very different from our business today. In the past, we would generally rely on stock record growth and trade growth. But today, the driver that has enabled us to perform through the market downturn has primary been product and a lot more of them. Therefore we maintain our confidence in the future, but it's not because we are banking on stock record growth and trade growth returning. It's all about new and enhanced products, increasing brand strength and Broadridge's ability to sell and execute to the new needs of our marketplace.  There is more upside than downside in trades, positions and event-driven revenues in the long term. In the near term, could those things go down? Sure. But given how long this difficult market has been, it doesn't seem likely that it could get much worse without another severe market issue. Everything you were hearing about our future and revenue earnings growth opportunity is tied to our expanding product breadth. Now the IBM data center migration continues to progress as planned, and we anticipate the conversion will be substantially completed by the end of our fiscal year. We have solid activity integrating our acquisitions. We anticipate they will contribute meaningful revenue and earnings to our fiscal year 2012 and 2013 results. As previously stated, for fiscal year 2012, we expect our acquisitions to generate over $200 million in revenue and approximately $40 million in EBITDA. Because of our strong culture and highly engaged associates, Broadridge's brand and reputation of being a world class service processor appropriately continues to grow. Recent studies indicate that 89% of the decision makers of our services are aware of Broadridge and 71% would consider buying. Once a sale is closed, once an acquisition is complete, once an initiative is committed to, the Broadridge machine executes extraordinarily well. That success and corresponding brand is a critical component of our confidence in fiscal year 2013 and beyond. While we have cost containment, let me emphasize that we are surgically managing this process with an unconditional commitment to continuing to invest in the business to increase product and growth opportunities.  Our full year revenue guidance for this year is 7% to 8% growth, and we are reaffirming our full year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.50 to $1.60 per share. I'm satisfied about how we are ending fiscal year 2012. As Dan and I have discussed, our recurring revenues continue to grow due to a high client revenue retention, strong sales and acquisitions. Our ability to provide guidance in August of $1.80 earnings per share for fiscal year 2013 remains contingent on continuing to experience 99% client revenue retention and strong sales. And although we have not seen an improvement in event-driven revenues, if they were to return to historical levels, that would be worth an additional $0.20 in earnings per share. Nothing would be possible without our engaged associates. The investment we're making in the business, the commitment to product, the benefits to our clients, which is being executed whether it be through integration or implementation via highly engaged associates, will ultimately lead to the greatest value-creation opportunities for our shareholders in fiscal year 2012 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Marcus, the operator, and as always, we welcome your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Chris Donat.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: My question has -- I guess, there might be really 2 parts to it. On the Securities Processing side, just on the first, as we consider the environment we're in, it seems like a lot of brokers and exchanges are concerned about the volume activity we have out there now. And I'm wondering if that affects the conversations you have with potential outsourcing clients either to accelerate their decision-making process and get some of those costs off their books, or does it slow it down as they're not just dealing with what's looking like a lackluster trading environment, but also continued uncertainty about some regulations. Anyhow, just wondering if there's any change in the pace to your conversations with potential outsourcers.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. I talked about the pipeline. I talked about in a number of things that I'm particularly excited about to be on the issuer side, communication side, et cetera, et cetera, I won't repeat all that, but it's certainly the reengineering at the back office with our outsourcing capabilities. There are more people in dialogues, willing to have dialogues, willing to consider alternatives than ever before. I would guess that volumes, although no one has specifically that I can recall in the conversation I've been in, related their interest to that alone. But I would say that would be one of the factors that certainly has influence.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then...
Richard J. Daly: Part 2.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes, part 2 is getting to Penson specifically. I just want to make sure I got some of this right. So it's annual roughly $50 million of revenue from Penson, and I know that Penson has been selling off parts of their business, and I think the Canadian business is up. Do you have a split of what's U.S. and Canadian from Penson, and then if there's anything like a change of control provision or something like that, if in the Canadian operation, if that were to be sold by Penson?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Chris. It's Dan. So the way to be thinking about it, U.S. and Canada is approximately $13 million to $15 million in Canada, and the rest is made up of the United States. Rich, do you want to handle the second piece of that question?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. The -- Penson is completely on our platform. And so regardless of what would happen with that business, there is 2 aspects: one, our desire would be to continue processing for the long term. The short term in a transaction like that is normally measured in year or years, not months, and certainly not days, all right? And we have the relationship with Penson, recognizes that there are different parts of the business, and our contractual commitments tie to the different parts of the business. So if for some reason, someone -- if they were to sell that business, someone wants them to assume our contract, we went into a new relationship, there would be obligations from Penson that we will pursue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rayna Kumar.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I'm calling in for David Togut. Can you please quantify any unit prices -- pricing changes ever made in SPS and IPS during the quarter and maybe break it down between equity and fixed income processing?
Dan Sheldon: On the unit pricing, I'm not quite sure I understand the question. Are you talking about -- obviously, you're not talking about trade volumes, or you are talking about trade volumes?
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I'm talking if there was any, say -- I'm asking if there's any -- if there are any pricing changes made during the quarter.
Richard J. Daly: There is nothing of any material nature that we're aware of, and I would suspect there was very little, if any change is made.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, just to bring you up to speed, which was if you go to the key statistics page, where we talked about where we are year-to-date, there's about the 2% kind of that concession rate that we already planned for, and we've been running slightly better than even that. So...
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if you could just comment on how Matrix and Paladyne had performed relative to your acquisition pro forma?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Matrix, which was our largest transaction ever, we are very pleased with the pipeline of activity related to that. We have broadened significantly better access to the buy side -- I'm sorry, we have broadened significantly better access to the sell side than they had on their own. There is some discussions with the sell-side product opportunity beyond what Matrix was originally considering and pursuing. On top of that, this low-return market and fee disclosure requirements really make Matrix's low-cost model extraordinarily attractive for anyone considering that need. You combine that with fee disclosure and fiduciary responsibilities to achieve better returns, we believe there are a lot of products out there and K solutions out there right now that are going to be under strong pressure to find a lower-cost, more-complete open architecture processor like Matrix. Paladyne, we are pleased with the way the integration process is going. We are excited that we retained the senior management. We have aligned it with the senior management going forward, and we are actively aligning the prior sales opportunities they have and seeing if there's any way we can help with that and also expanding them because of the stronger brand and credibility we have on both the sell side and buy side. So we're pleased with those acquisitions and generally with every acquisition of any size.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. And lastly, could you just tell us your profit expectations in 2013 for IBM, Penson and MSSB contracts?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So the way we had discussed before and nothing has changed as IBM should be worth $15 million to us; Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, approximately $6 million to us, incrementally.
Rayna Kumar - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And Penson?
Dan Sheldon: And Penson really is about -- I’ll call it $3 million to $4 million because majority of the Penson pickup was this year.
Richard J. Daly: And -- but as I said in the call, we're watching the restructuring efforts with great interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Kissane.
James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: What -- Richard, again, what push on the equity trades process today are now in the fixed price contracts or non-transaction-based pricing?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So Jim, approximately 60% are under what we call fixed. Okay, if they're talking -- if we're talking about trade volumes or what we call the other things, like we have other products that we're selling out there, so it's 60% of all our revenue from that business comes from some form of monthly fee, okay, or a what we call step function, whereby you'd have to get up to like 20% kind of volume growth to get any uptick. So the remaining 40% is still trade volume growth.
Richard J. Daly: And Jim, you’ve followed us for a long time, so you know that we have stabilized this revenue as it relates to market activity, pretty dramatically from where we historically were.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, so for instance, by the way, this last quarter, when we're talking about 11% drop in trade volumes, we used to be talking about significant dollars bode to out our bottom line, either positively or negatively. Today we're talking about approximately $3 million the $4 million.
Richard J. Daly: That's the whole point, Jim.
James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, exactly. So where do you see it going? I mean, is there going to be a continued shift? Will that be 70% a year from now?
Dan Sheldon: I expect there'll be a shift for 2 reasons. One is as you can see from the acquisitions and our new products are primarily based upon some kind of variable other than trade or a monthly fee, and that will be the primary driver versus just changes in contracts.
James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Rich, just a clarification, you said 50% of the growth in recurring revenue was from acquisitions. My sense is that's all of your recent acquisitions, right, as opposed to just Paladyne. Maybe you can break out the Paladyne.
Richard J. Daly: Oh, absolutely. That's the all of the acquisitions recently completed.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. Jim, let me help you. If you'd look at the overall growth for year-to-date of 8%, okay, and you take the recurring piece alone, that's grown at about 13%. And it's 50/50 when we talk about what we say is going to be acquisitions versus what we'll call core in acquisition, meaning the acquisition number we're giving to you, which is half the revenue growth, is coming from what I'll call purchased revenue. The other half...
James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Over a pair of years.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, okay, the other half is coming from a combination of what we call core -- our core business, as well as what the acquisitions are contributing as far as new sales.
James F. Kissane - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got you, and that's helpful. And then, Rich, based on your discussions with the mutual funds, when do they expect some more normalized event-driven activity? When -- is it over the next couple of years or is there -- at what point do you think there's something structurally changed here?
Richard J. Daly: Jim, I, as you know, spend a lot of time with clients, including mutual funds clients. They have a high level of frustration at the current economic environment. They recognize that they have needs that they're going to have to address in the future. But until they have either a black-and-white regulatory requirement to meet, they're going to look to defer those needs until they get some benefit from the current economic environment or some change and improvement in the current economic environment. That's pretty much the status quo. Now the reality is as time marches on, those black-and-white regulatory reasons that they would go-to market continue to evolve and become more fixed and more definite.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a follow-up to Jim's question there. I'm curious with the event-driven fee still being needed here and in the low, is that causing you to second guess the whole cycle of growth versus secular debate? And it sounds like there's some chance that you maybe get more creative on pricing.
Richard J. Daly: Tien-Tsin, the dialogue that we had in the past, I'm not going to repeat it all, but in the last call, I believe it was, I went into pretty significant detail. That when we look at all of the changes, for example, Massachusetts incorporated funds, reincorporating to Delaware, we took the range of 21% to 24% of positions that should go to market, and we drove that down to 16% to 19% going forward. Being that we're at 10% or less right now, all right, it's not changing the view that we expressed in the last call. Now one of the things that our team here continues to point out is that 2 years ago, when it was event-driven that really offset all of the other weaknesses in the business, right, I'm going back to fiscal '10, we had over 50% of the positions. So one could say that back then, a number of funds also went out and cleaned up their needs for a while. So we're going to remain -- I can't see anything that we're aware of, and we spent a lot of time internally and with quality groups like BCG studying this. We expect over Broadridge's future, event-driven has more upside than downside. But one of the things that we have done is we've -- and part of the cost-containment activities I've talked about, we've absolutely made plans to move some of the functions that used to be on a stand-alone basis and incorporate them into other operations that we have to make the situation less of a concern from a ongoing cost basis.
Dan Sheldon: So -- and since that I know you've asked these questions before, as well as even leading back from what Jim was been talking about, what we've talked about is, is that, you know what, we used to have a very nice kind of steady state of 20% to 25% of all positions. That was nice because you only have a variable of about 5 points between the high and the low. What we're saying though now is, as this has been building up, is that as we've talked about, it could come back much more erratic. And that's the whole reason everything we've been sharing, including when we've talked about $1.80 going into next year, was that we're going to separate out as we talked about event-driven because it could come back very erratic.
Richard J. Daly: Tien-Tsin, last comment, what you are hearing, though, is that our traditional variables in trades, stock record growth, what's with event-driven into which went the wrong way, so trade and stock record growth, I would put, are our historical weak levels, all right? And event-driven is at the historical low level. And it's the efforts to reposition this business with the products we've built and acquired that give us the confidence to manage through what still is a weak economic environment and be in a position to create long-term value as we go forward because we still intend to grow through this weak economic environment.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, just adding one last piece in that, even though we're talking about the equity trade volumes and they're down, but stock record growth looks to be positive this year, and it was down last year, the good news out of all this event-driven is the mutual fund proxy positions are still growing at an 8% clip. So it's just as a factor of saying when did it come back.
Richard J. Daly: And let me add one other clarification to that. Because it's counterintuitive because everyone knows that these funds are experiencing weak revenue, to some it will be counterintuitive that the positions continue to go up. But remember, positions and assets are 2 entirely different items. We are very focused on positions as it relates to our mutual fund asset servicing. And positions can go up because people continue to open up 401ks, they continue to diversify their portfolios, that doesn't mean their total assets, and certainly, it does not mean, because it's not the case, that the total assets in the fund industry are going up at near the percentage or any percentage like this.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood all that. So just to clarify then, Dan, you said 8%. Is that what the difference between the $0.15 and $0.20 to normalized event-driven fees? Is that just the compounding of the positions growing?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, but that was -- to say that was if we said we are to come back to historical levels and that would add back on $0.20, about $0.18 of that is fee and $0.02 from post, as what we'd be saying is that compounded continued growth of 8% should even help move that number forward above the $0.20.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, understood, understood. Sorry to -- just want to get the clarification. And then just a money ball question, Rich, I guess the -- which new assets here -- I've heard you talk about that a little bit -- which new assets should we be paying most attention to that could be bigger needle movers in the midterm or even the long term?
Richard J. Daly: Matrix -- I covered Matrix in an earlier question, and we expect Matrix to continue to grow. The reengineering at the back office, we continue in many large dialogues, which ties directly to 2 items: one, weak economic environment; and two, as the world continues to get more complex people have to pick and choose where to spend their IT dollars, we really have a very strong brand in terms of the quality of our product. And even as I think about the consulting firms out there and a number of them which are now viewing Broadridge as the right entity to recommend to their clients when they consider these activities, that feels very, very good. In the communications side, we have lots of activities going on in the issuer services. We're about to have 100 virtual annual meeting. We are adding new ETA clients. Still I believe it will pace of about one a week. We are adding more registered proxy processing clients. And so as you listen to this call, go back to the last call where I went into more details on these activities, as you think about the revenue growth coming from organic and acquisitions, but the organic is clearly our product -- or our expanding products, of course, Broadridge is both -- both of Broadridge's segments, there are a number of activities. And Tien-Tsin, the great thing is that, as I look at any one of them right now, I'm not saying -- and look at this huge number that's driving to the bottom line, but when you add them all up together, that's really where the money ball concept comes into place. You just combine the numbers we reported here and that value going forward is meaningful and can drive good performance. If 1 or 2 of them turn into a hot product, of course, it will even be better performance.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, and I'd also point out that when we talked about what the contribution from sales was, as we've said the forecast of 4%, you should absolutely understand that our acquisitions are a full point to that, and our emerging products make up another 0.5 to 1 point. So investments we've made in those areas are pushing in our overall revenue growth up.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Maybe if I can just sneak in one more, I just -- on the pension side, I know you're taking in more stock, I mean, in your diligence with that partner. How much confidence do you have that the $50 million contract itself will stay? Is there a chance for that getting scoped down and potentially reworked as well? Or did that not even come up in the discussions?
Richard J. Daly: Well, there are really 2 questions here. So as Dan articulated, I think so accurately and in detail, virtually, everything was considered through an impairment analysis. Now in terms of Penson, I'm really not in the business of speculating. So I'm going to go back to my comment. We're going to continue to monitor restructuring efforts with great interest.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Well, again, Dan, Rick and I want to thank everyone for your participation today. We will look forward to our luncheon next week, and we look forward to chatting with you as we go through the fourth quarter and into our fiscal year '13. Thanks again for your time, and choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Daly – Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon – Chief Financial Officer Rick Rodick – Treasurer, Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners Jim Kissane – Credit Suisse Chris Donat – Sandler O’Neill Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan Andrew Sloane – Avondale Partners Todd Simon – Oppenheimer Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions’ Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings conference call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers’ remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I will now turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick Rodick: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the second quarter fiscal year 2012. This morning, I’m here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer of Broadridge; and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge.  I’m sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to view our earnings release that we issued today. The news release and slide presentation that accompanies today’s earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com.  During today’s conference call, we’ll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized here on Slide No. 1 and we encourage the participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I’d like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction that we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business is now part of the security processing solutions segment. Also as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Our non-GAAP results exclude the other than temporary impairment charge recorded this quarter for our investment in the Penson common stock and the impact of the costs the Company expects to incur in connection with the migration of our data center to IBM. These one-time costs are significant and we believe the non-GAAP information provides a better representation of our actual performance. Now let’s turn to Slide No. 2 and view today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the second quarter of fiscal year 2012 followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the second quarter and year-to-date fiscal year 2012 financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the question and answer part of the call. Now please turn to Slide No. 3 and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard Daly: Thanks, Rick. Good morning everyone. This morning as part of my opening remarks, I’ll talk about the following topics. First I’ll start with an overview of our second quarter fiscal year 2012 financial highlights and guidance; then I’ll discuss our closed sales performance followed by an update on our acquisition portfolio. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I’ll wrap it up as usual with my closing comments. Let’s start on Slide No. 4, our second quarter fiscal year 2012 financial highlights. Overall I’m satisfied with our second quarter financial results. Our revenues were up 8% for the quarter versus fiscal year 2011 as a result of net new business, internal growth, acquisitions, and the Penson outsourcing services agreement. Client revenue retention remained very strong at 99%; however, event-driven revenues declined slightly. Year-to-date, revenues were up 11%.  I am pleased with our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share results. They were up 50% to $0.12 for the second quarter and 42% year-to-date as compared with the comparable periods in fiscal year 2011. This increase was driven primarily by higher revenues. Given that the majority of our earnings are generated in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, our strong year-over-year improvement in the first half of this year is really nice but not as significant to our overall performance as these earnings growth percentages imply. While our results for the first six months of our fiscal year are solid, event-driven revenues and the related distribution revenues are down slightly. Accordingly, we are lowering our revenue guidance slightly to 8 to 9% growth to reflect the first half of the fiscal year’s actual event-driven revenue results. We are reaffirming our full-year earnings per share guidance of $1.50 to $1.60. As we have previously discussed, our path to $2 earnings per share for fiscal year 2013 would likely require a return of event-driven revenues to historical normal levels, and without that return, which is worth about $0.20 per share, we anticipate earnings per share of approximately $1.80. Even though we weren’t planning on a significant increase in event-driven revenues this year due to the weak economy and funds still needing investors to return, we would still love to see some improvement in mutual fund proxy activity. We believe that discussing earnings with and without the return of event-driven revenues is the best way to present our future path to strong earnings growth. We have the infrastructure in place so that when event-driven revenues return, it’s a simple math equation. If the revenues are there, we know how earnings will be impacted. We don’t control the requirement for mutual fund proxy activity nor can we control the revenue. Can event-driven revenues continue to decline? I guess they could; but they are at a historical low level at this time. I believe there will be a point in time in the future where we will be talking about above-plan event-driven revenues. Because we can’t control event-driven revenue activity and because it is at such a low point at this time, my focus is on and will remain on the things we can control. I feel very good about our recurring revenue base and where I believe we can take it to in fiscal year 2013 and beyond.  Now let’s turn to Slide 5. I’m very pleased with our recurring revenue closed sales results. We believe recurring revenue closed sales is the most important sales metric to follow as it is a good indicator of revenue growth. Year-to-date, recurring revenue closed sales of 63 million increased 21% versus 52 million for the first six months of fiscal year 2011. Our investor communications segment continued to have very strong recurring revenue closed sales this fiscal year. It followed up a solid first quarter with very good results in the second quarter. Year-to-date sales of 34 million are more than double the 15 million for the first six months of fiscal year 2011. Our sales results were very good in the SPS segment also. Year-to-date closed sales were 29 million and they included a meaningful business process outsourcing deal with Bloomberg Tradebook. Bloomberg has selected Broadridge’s consolidated BPO solution to support their equity, option clearance and settlement business. The agreement is designed to help Bloomberg minimize its fixed cost investment in technology and operational infrastructure. We’re also creating new revenue generating opportunities as it transitions from its current fully-disclosed clearing model to self-clearing. Broadridge’s technology processing platform and integrated products solutions will help to support Bloomberg in its transition to a self-clearing operating model. Our customizable and scalable BPO solution will provide all back office operations and support on a global scale.  Broadridge’s BPO model is ideal for Bloomberg. We worked closely with Bloomberg during the past several months to ensure our unique BPO capabilities will allow for a seamless transition to self-clearing. Our solution can enable Bloomberg to benefit from a highly scalable and customizable offering to support all aspects of its back office operation.  I feel very good about our outsourcing business. The Penson conversion was recently completed and as mentioned on last quarter’s call, Penson signed an additional $8 million deal with us in October which expands the scope of our business process services that they plan to outsource to us. The original Penson transaction gets us to a break-even run rate in our outsourcing business, and we expect the Bloomberg transaction and the additional Penson business will drive the business to profitability. I am very happy with our closed sales results for the first six months of the year and we are reaffirming our full-year recurring revenue closed sales guidance of 110 to 115 million. Our year-to-date recurring revenue closed sales of 63 million are almost halfway to the midpoint of our sales guidance. We usually have greater closed sales in the second half of our fiscal year, so given where we already are, I feel very good about achieving our full-year guidance. Let’s turn to Slide 6. I’d like to provide you with an update on the financial performance of our acquisitions. Since our spin, we have invested over 450 million in acquisitions. For fiscal year 2012, we expect our acquisitions to generate over 200 million in revenue and approximately 40 million in EBITDA, and we anticipate EBITDA from acquisitions will be in excess of 55 million in fiscal year 2013. We continually monitor our return on these acquisitions and our early indication of our estimated returns is that we are achieving very close to our hurdle rate of a 20% internal rate of return for our portfolio. Some acquisitions are exceeding their business cases and a few are behind, but the overall portfolio is doing very well with some meaningful upsides. When we choose to use your cash for an acquisition, it is because we believe the acquisition will derive more value for Broadridge than repurchasing our shares. While we have made a handful of acquisitions over the last few years, we reviewed hundreds of strategic and disruptive opportunities. Our hurdle rate of 20% is significant and we only pursued those acquisition candidates that were a very good fit for Broadridge. We have been successful in finding attractive opportunities, even in a market with difficult operating conditions.  Our acquisitions have helped us grow our business this year, even in this weak economic environment. The success of our tuck-in acquisitions enables our confidence in future growth as we expect them to contribute significantly going forward. Our acquisitions have provided us with more products to sell. They contributed to strong sales this year and we expect even stronger sales in fiscal year 2013 and beyond. While I am pleased with our acquisition results, available cash and debt capacity will limit our acquisition activity going forward.  I want to remind you of our priorities for cash. As I have stated in the past, our first priority is to pay a meaningful dividend; then, our focus is on identifying strategic tuck-in acquisitions that create profitable revenue growth, and those acquisitions will be funded primarily with our free cash flow. Given our stringent criteria for acquisitions and strong cash flow generation capabilities, it is likely we will accumulate cash balances at times during which we will consider opportunistic share repurchases. Again, when we decide to spend your cash on an acquisition, it is because we believe it will generate a greater return for our shareholders than the opportunistic repurchase of our shares; however, I am not aware of any opportunity that would justify losing our investment-grade rating. Now I’ll turn the call over to Dan who will go into more detail about the second quarter’s financial results.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I am now on Slide 7, our financial highlights. Rich already addressed our quarter, year-to-date and full-year revenue growth on a consolidated basis, so in the next few slides I’ll go a little deeper into the driver and also address the growth and margins in each of the segments.  Recurring revenue added 9 points of growth to both the quarter and year-to-date, and is expected to add 7 to 8 points for the year. About half the growth is coming from net new business and internal growth, and the other half is coming from acquisitions, including the completion of the original 50 million revenue from the on-boarding of Penson Phase 1 and 2.  As Rich discussed, event-driven revenues and related distribution revenues are slightly down for the quarter and year-to-date. So to recap the full year, we expect 7 to 8 points of revenue growth from recurring revenues and additional 1 point from distribution revenues.  Non-GAAP earnings before income taxes margins improved for the quarter by 130 basis points, and we are expecting 30 to 110 basis point improvement for the year. Our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the following two adjustments: first, IBM migration costs were at $0.02 per share in the second quarter and we are still expecting a negative impact of $0.16 per share to our GAAP EPS for this fiscal year. In fiscal year ’13, given the timing of the conversion, we expect to see around a 15 million recurring savings in that year and building up to the 25 million average annual savings as we move into ’14 and beyond. Second, we did not see a meaningful improvement in our investment in the Penson stock price, so we took a non-cash other than temporary impairment charge of $10 million or $0.05 per share in Q2. Our free cash flow is in line with our expectations for the quarter and year-to-date, and we are still expecting the full-year midpoint to be around 160 million or 235 million, excluding the IBM migration costs. Let’s move to Slide 8, investor communications segment. Recurring revenues were up 20% for the quarter and are expected to be up 12% for the year. For the year, net new business and internal growth make up about 70% of the growth and acquisitions accounting for the remaining 30%. We were very happy to see the continued 99% client revenue retention rate in this segment. Rich has already discussed event-driven revenues, so moving on to our margins, we’re up for the quarter and year-to-date and are expected to increase 100 to 150 basis points for the year, driven by the scale in the business as well as the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and the acquisitions adding approximately 30 to 40 basis points for the year. Let’s move to Slide 9, securities processing. We are really pleased with the continued revenue growth in this segment coming primarily from net new business and acquisitions, including the Penson outsourcing services agreement. We had strong closed sales this quarter, and given the last couple of years of closed sales activity that is now converting to revenue as well as the Penson conversion and our continued 99% client revenue retention rate, we are seeing significant increases in our margins. To help you understand the margins in this business, the incremental margins on our technology services alone should be in excess of 50%; and if a technology customer also purchases our outsourcing services, the incremental margins should be about 20 to 30% on the outsourcing alone. Therefore, an entity that buys both technology and outsourcing services like Bloomberg and Penson should generate incremental margins of about 40 to 50%, and this includes the amortization of any implementation costs. This analysis applies to both new sales and any client losses. Moving to trade volumes, in Q2 they were virtually flat versus the prior year and are slightly up in January; but the good news is our clients appear to be doing better than what we’re seeing on the overall New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ, which were down for the second quarter. As mentioned last quarter, our revenue range of 10 to 13% is based upon what happens to trade volumes in the second half of the year. The high end of the range assumes trade volume growth in the high single digits, and the low end the trade volumes remaining flat to last year. Having said that, we’re still very pleased with the expected 10% revenue growth for the year coming from net new business and acquisitions, and the continued margin expansion in the core business. Rich, I’ll turn it back to you.
Richard Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 10 for my summary wrap-up. I am satisfied with our operating results for the first six months of fiscal year 2012. Revenues were up 11% as a result of strong recurring revenues driven by net new business, internal growth, and acquisitions; however, event-driven revenues have not returned. Our non-GAAP earnings were up 10 million year-to-date due to strong recurring revenues and our non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.27 were up versus $0.19 for the first six months of fiscal year 2011. I am very pleased that the Penson conversion is complete. We expect our full-year Penson revenue run rate to be approximately 50 million and we anticipate being break-even or better in fiscal year 2013 in our outsourcing business. We signed two meaningful BPO transactions during the second quarter which we expect will finally drive our outsourcing business to profitability. The IBM conversion continues to progress as planned. We believe the conversion will be substantially complete by fiscal year-end and we will begin to recognize meaningful savings in fiscal year 2013.  Our acquisitions are being integrated and we anticipate that they will contribute meaningful revenue and earnings to our fiscal year 2012 results. Overall, they are achieving near their hurdle rate targets and we expect stronger contributions in fiscal year 2013. Our full-year revenue guidance for this year is 8 to 9% growth and we are reaffirming our full-year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.50 to $1.60. So how do I feel about Broadridge now and next year? I feel good. The reason I feel good is that we have been very transparent in explaining what we can control and what we cannot control. Our recurring revenues continue to grow due to our strong sales, internal growth, and acquisitions. I really like event-driven revenues; however, the range of event-driven revenues is primarily driven by mutual fund proxy activity and this activity is not predictable. The last couple of years, as you know, event-driven revenues have been weak. They’ve been weak to the point that there really is not a lot of downside left, so irrespective of whether they come or even slightly weaker next year, we believe the $1.80 earnings per share goal for fiscal year 2013 is achievable because of the activities we can control. Accordingly, if event-driven revenues return to near historical levels, we believe the $2 per share is equally achievable. Broadridge is evolving. We’ve got some new products that I am very pleased with. Some of them could turn into what I like to call hot products. Paladyne’s activities are about what we expected them to be since we acquired them. We are having some very good new prospect dialogues driven by potential clients’ views of Paladyne’s capabilities under the Broadridge umbrella. The assets at Matrix continue to grow and there are some larger opportunities out there for Matrix that could take it beyond its business plan. Access Data continues to have dialogues because of the Schwab activity and other new opportunities like that. At about this time last year, I asked you to look beyond the attractive earnings value that the Penson, IBM, and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney strategic initiatives would create. I asked you to recognize that beyond those transactions, we had many new product and revenue opportunity activities that were enabled through acquisitions or through our own internal development activities. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect the value of Penson, IBM, and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney to be almost fully in place. As we talk about the future, we anticipate that our recent acquisitions will add an additional 15 million in EBITDA in fiscal year 2013. We believe there are some meaningful upsides from these acquisitions and other internally developed products that could give us even greater growth. We are confident that we will continue to identify revenue growth opportunities that will position us for even more success in the future.  None of this would be possible without our engaged associates. I want to use this opportunity to express my gratitude to them for their tireless efforts to keep Broadridge the market leader. Our commitment to the service profit chain was again recognized as Broadridge was named one of the best companies to work for in New York by the New York State Society for Human Resource Management. It’s the fifth year in a row we have won this award, and we have won it every year since the establishment of the award. Our highly engaged associates have enabled our 99% client revenue retention rate and they have also led the successful integration of acquired products as well as the development of new products. It’s this momentum that will ultimately lead to the greatest value creation opportunities for our shareholders. I’ll now turn the cal over to Nicole, the operator, and as always we welcome your questions.
Operator: At this time, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Your first question comes from the line of Rayna Kumar with Evercore Partners. 
Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners: Good morning. I’m calling in for David Togut. I have three questions for you. What do you think are the underlying market dynamics that have been keeping event-driven weaker than expected, and why won’t this trend continue?
Richard Daly: Okay, you want me to take them one at a time?
Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners: Sure.
Richard Daly: Okay, good. I was ready to write all three down. Okay. I specifically went into detail on how strong everything but event-driven is, and I repeated it a number of times; and previously I’d talked about we had BCG do a study. We expanded that study with our own analyst group here and dug deeper, and we actually went into detail going back over the last seven or 10 years on the top 20 fund complexes. And what’s actually happening right now is they are creating a pent-up demand to some degree, all right, and to some degree there is going to be over—I’ll call it the next seven to 10 years, assuming that markets are normal activity, possibly slightly less activity than there was in total for the prior seven to 10 years.  So let me give you a little bit of explanation here. Historically Dan and I have talked to you about on average about 21 to 24% of funds have—of positions have activity each year, because as you know funds aren’t required to have an annual meeting but a meeting when an event happens that they need to go after shareholder approval. Now, the most significant event is a director reaffirmation where they need to have a certain percentage of their board approved by shareholders. We’ve historically seen that in weaker economic times that that gets managed more tightly, okay, in order to move the expense out. We’re certainly seeing that now. Now when we reviewed all the activity over the last seven to 10 years, we’ve seen that some funds are reincorporated from—for example, Massachusetts to Delaware, and also made some changes to their bylaws, okay, that would not require them to do or go to market for some of the approvals that they historically went to in the past. When we look at that, even though we’re trying to be more conservative than the original BCG study, that still takes us to about 16 to 19% of positions should go out on average on an average year. We’re right now at about 8, maybe 9%. It’s closer to 8% of positions, so at some point in time these things will need to go out there. Now, let me give you one last piece here, all right? Although there is not a formal retirement age per se, 69% of funds have formally adopted an average retirement age of 74. The average age of the independent director right now is 65, but again, you need a certain percentage approved by the shareholders; so at a point in time, we can’t stop the clock and people will have to go out there to reaffirm directors or they’d have to go out there and change their policy on retirement age, all right; and the reality is that people retire with or without retirement ages. So I know it’s a rather long answer, but what I wanted to give you insight was the deep depth of the study we did across all the activity of the 20 largest complexes that followed the BCG study. So we’re at what we think is about as low of a point as we can be right now. At a point in time, the activity has to come back, but we’re going to continue to give you a view with and without event-driven revenue, and even when the activity comes back, we’re going to give you a view with and without event-driven revenue because we’re really in no better a position than you are. We can share this data with you, but we can’t control the data.
Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners: Great. Given the Penson stock impairment, do you still expect Penson to contribute $0.06 to EPS in 2013?
Richard Daly: The stock impairment and Penson’s run rate really have nothing to do with one another, so the short answer is yes.
Dan Sheldon: Right. Agreed, Rich.
Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners: Okay. And lastly, what are your updated organic revenue growth rates for investor communication and SPS for the second half of 2012 and fiscal year 2013?
Dan Sheldon: Okay, well the guidance we’re giving at this point in time is for ’12, okay? We’ve given you an overall view of ’13. So let’s go back to ’12 – on the SPS side, as I mentioned already, if the trade volumes, the equity trade volumes remain flat, then we’ll see that there is really no internal growth; and if they come back like they did in August in a 10% kind of range, then we’ll see an additional 3 points.  As far as in the investor communications space, right now we’re seeing stock record growth virtually—we’ll call it flat, but we are still seeing the mutual fund interims up 8%, so we expect that to contribute around one percentage point to overall growth in the second half.
Richard Daly: I would add one thing because I didn’t mention it at all in the script. We talk about what we control and what we don’t control, so we don’t control the organic growth rates and we’re also still running at a historically lower level of organic growth than what we have traditionally done. But our path to ’13 and our guidance for this year is still planning on, I’ll call it the current market environment we’re in, and that’s why we are so pleased with the strong sales results and the building momentum that we’ve had in these sales results that you’ve heard in this quarter.
Rayna Kumar – Evercore Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Kissane of Credit Suisse.
Jim Kissane – Credit Suisse: Hi Rich and Dan. I’m not sure if you’ll answer it based on the previous question, but the $1.80 in 2013, what are you thinking around stock record growth and trade volume? I know you don’t control the organic growth, but is it mostly based on new business that you’ve already signed and that’s in the pipeline, or is it you’re assuming some organic growth there?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, so the way to think about it, Jim, is as follows – it’s primarily think about it as net new business, which is maintaining the 99% retention rate, as well as the business we’ve already signed and that’s already in our backlog as well as what we plan on doing for the rest of this year. We’re of course assuming, like we think about it today, one or two points potentially for internal growth overall across the Company, but not just specific to equity trade volumes.
Richard Daly: Jim, you’ve followed us for a long time, even pre-spin; so there are two interesting dynamics. One, we’ve never had to my recollection across both segments, across the breadth of products the amount of net new business activity we’re experiencing, which is a very positive thing. We’ve also never had this long of a period of time where the organic growth has been this weak, and again given that we don’t control it, we’re not planning in what we can do for it to come back but we are planning to create greater shareholder value with the things we can control.
Jim Kissane – Credit Suisse: Yeah I mean, the new business is outstanding. Is it a function of the overall pipeline is bigger, or is your win rate better relative to your competition?
Richard Daly: Well Jim, one of the things we’ve talked about from the time of the spin is we’ve got 99% client retention, we have highly satisfied customers; and so one of the things we wanted to do both through our own development efforts and acquisitions efforts is broaden our product breadth, and we feel good about that. So an awful lot of this is coming from new products, acquired or self-developed. 
Jim Kissane – Credit Suisse: And just one last question – you mentioned that the trading volume picked up in January. Was that both retail and institutional, or was it skewed one way or the other?
Dan Sheldon: It was pretty much on the institutional side.
Jim Kissane – Credit Suisse: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O’Neill.
Chris Donat – Sandler O’Neill: Hi, good morning everyone. Just one question on the EPS guidance for fiscal 2012 – with that being unchanged but the revenue guidance taking out roughly $30 million, I’m just trying to square the circle and understand is it expenses that you’re able to reduce here and you have maybe more flexibility than we thought, or how are you making up for the shortfall in expected revenue and keeping EPS the same?
Dan Sheldon: So Chris, think about the $30 million all related to event-driven, which means 20 million of it is postage, which doesn’t carry much profit at all, and the other 10 million is what we would call fees. We do have variable comp, and that variable comp as well as our holding back on some expenditures, is what’s creating us not changing our guidance of the $1.50 to $1.60.
Chris Donat – Sandler O’Neill: Got it, that’s helpful. And then I’ll try on this and we’ll see how successful I am – you mentioned, Dan—or no, sorry, it was Rich who mentioned that the contribution from Bloomberg could be meaningful. I’m wondering if you could put more color on there. Is it something of the same sort of magnitude as a Penson or an IBM, just in terms of the effect on the bottom line? And then in terms of the timing of when we’ll see a major earnings contribution, would it also be similar to Penson where it takes a year or two, you have some investment and then the revenues don’t really drop to the bottom line for two, maybe three years. Anyway, just how to think about how Bloomberg contributes to earnings.
Richard Daly: Okay. My answer here is going to be limited primarily through the normal agreements we have with clients on what we can and can’t say. So once a client trips where we need to disclose them in our Top 15, from a FB point of view what we can and can’t say gets to be much easier. Bloomberg initially will not be a Top 15 client. Now, if you think about Bloomberg Tradebook and the limited time that that model has been out there and the success of the model, we’re really, really excited – one, because of the strong brand of Bloomberg; and two, because of the strong growth potential, all right? But if you look at the Top 15 clients, it’s going to fall below revenue on all of those clients and I really am not at liberty to provide any more clarity on that.  In terms of margins, Dan pointed out if you have somebody who is coming on for both processing and outsourcing, you’ll be thinking 40 to 50% incremental margins on a new client like that coming on, okay? And so that’s what I talked about in terms of meaningful margins, but we are more than just mildly pleased—you know, I’m ecstatic at this transaction because of the—I’ll call it the affirmation it gives our outsourcing model. That’s the primary thing I wanted you to hear in here.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, I would agree, Rich. That’s the primary focus.
Chris Donat – Sandler O’Neill: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was curious, Rich, given your commentary around fiscal ’13, are you conceding that event-driven revenues will not bounce back in the midterm and possibly in ’13, or are you just being conservative?
Richard Daly: You know, Tien-Tsin, I love you for asking that question. I was reading this morning as I got up. I looked at my notes and I said, oh boy, I hope no one’s going to interpret it as anything other than just trying to add the clarity of with and without event-driven. I was so pleased when Rayna asked her first question because I wanted you to hear that event-driven can’t stay at this low level forever; I just can’t tell you when it’s coming back. This is the longest run for it to be in the trough, in the bottom of the trough. So no, we are not conceding the event-driven, all right; and one of the things I said in there is that there will be point in time that we’ll be talking about our earnings are ahead of plan because of event-driven beyond what we could have anticipated. And when that time happens, we’re going to give you the with and without event-driven for the next year which says if the event-driven dropped back down, it wouldn’t be the growth year-over-year only so you can model it the same way we’re going to model it, meaning we expect event-driven to eventually get to 16 to 19% of positions but that could be years. Who knows? Is it going to back to 15% in one year? I guess it could. Could it go to 8 or below 8? I guess it could. But with the average statistical mean being 16 to 19, us being at 8 right now and us being at, like, 9 last year, there is—and BCG’s study was there is a pent-up demand that’s going to build that has to come out at some point in time. So no – this is so you look at it the way we look at it. I fully expect it to be contributing and I fully expect to be talking about a point in time that I love event-driven revenue.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Okay, understood. I guess in the spirit of—I mean, I understand all that and I—you know, plus the compounding effect, obviously there’s a lot of earnings power there. I guess I’m asking because from a visibility standpoint based on the conversations that you’ve had recently, I didn’t know if there was any movement potentially on the up or if it feels more flat to down to you.
Richard Daly: If you look at the funds’ earnings performance, this is not their favorite period of time, right? And so by the way, Dan talked about $10 million and our need to manage expenses in response to Chris’ question. Think about the funds’ need right now, and if this is something where you can encourage a director to hang in there so you don’t need to go out to shareholders, I know if I was the CEO, if Dan was the CFO, what we’d be doing right now to try to push out that expense to a better time.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Maybe if I could just ask one more to Dan – just the IBM path now, what changed exactly? It came in a little bit lower than what we expected. What’s sort of the path here for the next quarter or two in terms of expense?
Dan Sheldon:  Right. So if you think about it, we’ve got about $7 million spent year-to-date, and we’ve got 33 that we’re planning on; so the remainder is going to hit us in Q3 and Q4, and pretty much a lot of it will be in Q4. All of our mainframes and everything that’s large will be pretty much done by June 30, so it’s some carryover expenses that we still have with ADP, and then with the savings we’ll ramp them up. That’s why we said look for the 15 million in savings recurring run rate to hit us next year and then our way to 20-plus as we go forward into ’14. 
Richard Daly: And Tien-Tsin, an additional comment – the IBM transaction here is one very meaningful transaction. I mean meaningful in terms of the effort and the significance of getting it done. The team doing it here is well experienced at it because we converted from the brokerage group data center into a common ADP center a year or two before the spin. We will be off the mainframes and we have every expectation of being off the mainframes by the end of June – that’s the plan right now. There is some server clean-up activity that’s probably going to take us to about Labor Day, a little bit before that, all right? And so we’ll have – and I mentioned this last time – I said less than 10, I guess we’re sizing it in the 5 to 7 range right now in terms of what that expense is. But I’m feeling very proud of the diligence of the team. Think about the number of clients we need to interface with, including everything we do for a JP Morgan, and then multiply that by all of our clients out there. So this project is well underway. IBM is fully engaged; we’re fully engaged. The ability it gives us to scale as we go forward with IBM, beyond the initial savings, is one of the things I find even more exciting.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Good, good. Thanks for the update. Appreciate it.
Operator: Once again, if you would like to ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Sloane with Avondale Partners.
Andrew Sloane – Avondale Partners: Good morning. This is Andrew for Pete Heckmann. We were wondering if there was a regulatory change for mutual funds such as those being discussed around 12B-1 fees and money market funds, would that necessitate a lot of mutual fund proxy activity?
Richard Daly: It’s difficult to speculate whether or not proxy activity would be required. Regardless, regulation is a friend of Broadridge’s; so at the time of the spin, let’s go back to the (inaudible) notice and access dialogue. When I was saying—you know, historically I’m not aware of a regulation that ever hurt us. Some are neutral; most actually help us. Some people were thinking notice and access would be a bad thing for Broadridge, and we wound up making 17 million or so more in profit. Given what we’re doing with data management now through our Access Data unit, given some of the really neat dialogues – and I talked about Access Data potentially being a hot product as we go forward – this type of mutual fund regulation, particularly given what we’re really doing is helping funds manage the Street-side activity and given that that’s about 85% of the distribution channel right now, we don’t see how any activity there could hurt us that we’re aware of. It could help us and if it created proxy activity, that would be very nice; but we’re not planning on it in anything we’re forecasting here right now.
Andrew Sloane – Avondale Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer.
Todd Simon – Oppenheimer: Hey guys, this is Todd on for Ian. You briefly touched on some of the discussions you’ve had with new customers of Paladyne and Matrix. Could you maybe go into that a little bit more?
Richard Daly: What I was really saying is that—so for example, we already have a BPO capability that you’ve heard about in our processing business. Expanding that BPO capability to do more services across Paladyne, helping Matrix get more into the sell side where we really have such strong relationships, and expanding beyond their focus on the TPA model are things that are naturally evolving around here. That’s really where I was. I would say that the leadership of both those organizations is very pleased with the fit and the exposure we’re able to give them to opportunities that prior to be part of the Broadridge family wasn’t readily available to them. Now, we need to close them. These are larger transactions, and until you close them, as I pointed out to the leadership in these transactions, all we’re doing is taking up their time. But we do feel very good about the dialogues and the activity.
Todd Simon – Oppenheimer: So when you talk about that 55 million in EBITDA in 2013 from acquisitions, what is included in that? What assumptions (inaudible) in included in that?
Richard Daly: The traditional business that we have right now and the traditional growth of the traditional business we have planned right now. It doesn’t have anything related to what I was referring to as this becoming a hot product.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, these are just the normal sales with the nice margins attached to them, greater than 30%.
Todd Simon – Oppenheimer: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stefan Mykytiuk with Pike Place Capital.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Hey, good morning. Kind of late in the call so I’ll keep it quick. Just to clarify – Dan, you said the IBM, the 4 million of costs is in cost of sales?
Dan Sheldon: No, the IBM piece is in the cost of revenues, so the $7 million right now is sitting and the 33 million will be in there – cost of revenues. And by the way, the Penson piece is in other.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital:  Right, that was my next one. And the 7 is year-to-date, though, right?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it is.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Right, it was 4 million in the quarter. So why did—SG&A was up quite a bit both year-over-year and sequentially. What was causing that?
Dan Sheldon: Primarily the acquisitions. 
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Okay. And is any of that kind of integration costs that were going to go away, or is that really a new run rate for the SG&A level?
Dan Sheldon: It’s really the new run rate because the integration costs are just a few million dollars.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Okay. A few million in the quarter or a few million--?
Dan Sheldon: Oh no – for the year. For the year.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Okay, a few million for the year as a whole.
Dan Sheldon: Right.
Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: I am showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard Daly: Well, as always, Dan, Rick and I are pleased to hear from you all. We will look forward to seeing you in the near future; and as always, I’m going to encourage you to choose to have a great day and try not to get hurt at the parade today. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions Incorporated Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President Rick Rodick - Former Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ian A. Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Marcus, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick Rodick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge Quarterly Earnings Call and Webcast for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012. This morning, I'm here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer of Broadridge; and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge.  I'm sure by now, everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com. During today's conference call, we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are summarized here on Slide #1 and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business.  Before we begin, I'd like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining Outsourcing business is now part of the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also as the result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated.  As previously disclosed, we entered into an information technology services agreement with IBM in March 2010, under which IBM will provide us with the data center -- provide us with data center services. Our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the costs the company expects to incur in connection with the migration of our data center to IBM. These costs are significant and we believe this information helps investors understand the effect of the migration on our reported results and provides a better representation of our actual performance.  Now let's turn to Slide #2 and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial highlights for the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 financial results in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the question-and-answer part of the call.  Now please turn to Slide #3 and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks, I'll talk about the following topics: First, I'll start with an overview of our fiscal first quarter year 2012 financial highlights and guidance; then I'll discuss our closed sales performance; followed by a review of our recent acquisition of Paladyne Systems; and then an update of our key activities. After Dan provides you more of the financial details, I'll wrap it up with my closing comments.  Let's start on Slide #4, our first quarter fiscal year 2012 financial highlights. Overall, I'm pleased with our first quarter financial results. Our revenues were up 13% versus fiscal year 2011 as a result of our recent acquisitions, the Penson outsourcing agreement, internal growth, net new business and higher distribution revenues.  Client revenue retention remained very strong at 99%. However, event-driven revenues remained weak, as anticipated in our original guidance for fiscal year 2012.  I am very pleased to report that diluted non-GAAP earnings per share were up 50% over fiscal year 2011 results. This increase was driven primarily by higher trade volumes we experienced, in the first quarter and lower weighted average shares outstanding. Please keep in mind that due to this seasonal nature of our business, our first quarter makes the smallest quarterly contribution to our annual results. However, it always feels good to be ahead of expectations at any point in time. In early September, we acquired Paladyne Systems, a leading provider of buy-side technology solutions for the global investment management industry, for approximately $76 million. Paladyne is a rapidly growing provider of market-leading solutions to enable global multi-asset class investment managers and service providers to more effectively minimize the challenges on managing multiple prime brokers relationships, decrease the costs of integrating and running disparate solutions and improve consistency in data reporting. I will discuss Paladyne in more detail in a few moments.  While we we're off to a solid start to the fiscal year, our first quarter earnings per share represent less than 10% of our full year and, therefore, it is still too early to determine if these trends will continue. Accordingly, we are only reaffirming our full year guidance at this time. We have taken our revenue guidance up slightly due to the Paladyne acquisition, but we are leaving our full year non-GAAP diluting -- diluted earnings per share guidance at $1.50 to $1.60 per share.  Now let's turn to Slide 5. Recurring revenue closed sales were $20 million for the quarter versus $17 million for last year's quarter. Recurring revenue closed sales is the most important sales metric to follow. Our Investor Communications is off to a solid start, where recurring revenue closed sales more than doubling last year's first quarter. Overall, our total closed sales, which include both recurring revenue and event-driven revenue, are off to a good start. We had closed sales of $31 million in the first quarter, which were up almost 31% from the prior year.  I am very pleased with our sales pipeline. We have good momentum and much of that is due to product expansion and our recent acquisitions. We are reaffirming our closed sales guidance for fiscal year 2012. We expect recurring revenue closed sales in the range of $110 million to $150 million. As I have said before, achievement of a higher end of the range will be dependent on the quantity of large deals signed.  Let's turn to Slide 6. On September 8, we acquired Paladyne Systems for approximately $76 million. There is an additional earn-out opportunity of up to $15 million. However, in order for any earn-out to occur, the IRR would be in excess of 25%. Paladyne is a leading provider of buy-side technology solutions for the global investment management industry. This acquisition will generate approximately $26 million in revenue for the 10 months that it will be part of Broadridge in fiscal year 2012 and will be slightly dilutive. Paladyne will be accretive in fiscal year 2013.  We were attracted to Paladyne because it was a profitable, scalable, recurring revenue model, high-growth business with a proven track record of success. Paladyne offers its products on an ASP basis to over 125 firms worldwide and approximately 25% of their clients are in Europe and Asia.  Paladyne has about 160 associates and has offices in the United States, London, Hong Kong and St. Petersburg, Russia. Paladyne's current addressable market is greater than $3 billion, including over 2,000 hedge funds complexes and over 7,000 long-only asset managers.  Our sales activity since the closing has been excellent, as we have added 7 new clients with approximately $700,000 in total annual revenues. This acquisition provides Broadridge with a buy-side platform that has a suite of products covering the front, middle and back office with demonstrated applicability to the buy-side and anticipated utility for the sell-side. The solution set offers a compelling value proposition to a wide spectrum of firms from small startups to some of the largest global asset managers.  Paladyne significantly expands our capabilities in order management and portfolio management systems, derivative front- and middle-office capabilities, data aggregation, reference data management, pricing, data warehousing, posting and reporting.  Many of the broker-dealers at Broadridge Services have prime brokerage, asset management, administration and custody divisions and will value Paladyne's well-established solutions in those areas. The Paladyne solutions are designed to allow clients to seamlessly integrate new asset classes into their business models, operate more efficiently and focus more time generating revenue rather than inefficient time reconciling their systems. Paladyne also provides us a strong foundation to offer additional new products and services to the market in the future.  Okay, let's move to Slide 7, where I'll provide you with the key activities update. We continue to make good progress on the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney transaction. We've executed everything on our part and, accordingly, the economics as they relate to Broadridge have now turned and will be at the benefit we previously discussed beginning in Q2.  We're gratified that the New York Stock Exchange and SEC have never had a better understanding of what we do and the value we provide to the proxy process. We're not aware of any proposed rules or legislation that would cause us to anticipate a decline in pricing. We are excited about our continuing dialogues with both the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC about new areas where we can add greater value to the communication needs of all shareholders, which will also benefit our shareholders.  Our conversion to the IBM data center continues to progress very well. We anticipate that we will be on IBM's mainframes by our fiscal year end, with some remaining server activity being cleaned up throughout the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. We haven't finalized the cleanup scope, of course, but we anticipate that it will be well less than $10 million of one-time expense in fiscal year 2013, offsetting some of the approximately $25 million in annual savings. Again, this cleanup will only occur in fiscal year 2013.  The implementation of the original Penson transaction is wrapping up and will be completed during Q2. The original Penson transaction will generate approximately $50 million in annual revenue. As Penson announced recently, we have amended our original agreement with them, and it will lead to the expansion of various services provided by Broadridge for Penson that will generate approximately $8 million in additional revenue for Broadridge. We anticipate implementing this new business over the next 24 months.  Last year, our Securities Processing Solutions segment had excellent closed sales results. Those sales are converting to revenue as planned. $14 million converted during the last quarter of fiscal year 2011, $16 million has converted year-to-date in fiscal year 2012, and we expect an additional $22 million to convert during the balance of fiscal year 2012. These will be high margin revenues in the 30% to 60% range. Of course, new sales will be added to the backlog throughout the year, which when converted will add new revenue in fiscal year 2013 and beyond.  Please remember, at Broadridge, the best act to follow is recurring revenue closed sales to gauge future opportunity given the wide range of products and implementation timelines we have.  I'll now turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about the first quarter's financial results.
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I'm on Slide 8, our fiscal year '12 financial highlights. Our GAAP revenue growth and earnings before taxes margin were both up for the quarter. As Rich mentioned, total revenues were up 13% and recurring revenues were up $45 million, representing a 16% growth for recurring revenues alone and half of that comes from our core business and the other half from acquisition.  Our distribution revenues, up slightly and as anticipated, event-driven revenues were basically flat.  GAAP earnings before income tax margin improved by 50 basis points and that, by the way, includes a 70-basis-point negative impact from $3 million in IBM migration costs. We still expect IBM migration costs to have a negative impact to our fiscal year '12 GAAP, EBIT and earnings per share of respectively $33 million for EBIT and $0.16 for EPS, as previously mentioned.  Rich already addressed our revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. So on the free cash flow, which for the quarter was in line with our expectations, and we're expecting a full year with a midpoint of approximately $160 million or $235 million without IBM migration costs.  As previously communicated, we completed our credit facilities by refinancing during Q1, and we'll pay down approximately $90 million in the next 3 quarters to maintain our 2:1 debt-to-EBITDAR ratios by fiscal year end, and we are considering moving $250 million to $300 million from variable to fixed debt in the future.  Therefore, as expected, our priorities for cash for the next few quarters is on maintaining the appropriate debt level and on-boarding our new business which, this year, along with IBM, are a significant use of cash.  Let's move to Slide 9, in Investor Communications business. The quarter was in line with our expectations for both revenue and margin growth, so we're still anticipating 5 to 6 points of revenue growth all coming from recurring revenues plus the related distribution activity that comes with those revenues, bringing total revenue growth to 9% to 10% for the year.  We had a strong first quarter sales results which, along with the contributions from last year's sales, our acquisition and a continued 99% client revenue retention rate, are driving the growth. As anticipated, our event-driven revenues were about flat to last year and expect the same for the first half. We'll have a better view of the second half by the time we meet in February and, again, would expect to see some growth in event-driven during the second half of this year as we move into fiscal year '13. But as we've mentioned before, we think for the year, we'll still be around $140 million unless we see a pickup in the second half.  Let's move to Slide 10, Securities Processing. Strong first quarter growth of 12% coming from net new business, acquisitions and a very big pickup in this summer from trade volumes especially in the month of August. As Rich mentioned, the Penson final platform conversion is expected to be completing Q2 and, therefore, expecting our Outsourcing business to be a profitable business in fiscal year '13 as we continue to onboard new sales.  Some of you have probably seen the press release Penson put out on the additional new business they will be doing with us, as well as other previously announced actions to increase their capital levels and improve their cash flow.  We continue to believe that Penson is executing on their key initiatives as they announced in August. However, Penson stock price since June continues to be significantly depressed. We marked to market our approximately $15 million in investment in the Penson stock every quarter and record any differences to equity as a temporary fluctuation. Given the significant volatility experienced in the Penson stock price, over the last few months and, by the way, the overall equity market, there is a continuing risk that a meaningful recovery in the Penson stock price may not occur and then other-than-temporary impairment may be recorded by us for the decline in the Penson stock price in future periods. Rich already mentioned, we're pleased to have Paladyne join Broadridge and look forward to continued contributions to our sales in the near future, as we've seen in the first few weeks that they've been with Broadridge.  We have adjusted our guidance for revenue up and EBIT down slightly for the year due to the first year impact of bringing Paladyne on, which is adding, as Rich mentioned, approximately $26 million to revenue this year and dilutive to EBIT by approximately $4 million, all due to the amortization of intangibles and some integration expenses. We expect in fiscal year '13 to see approximately 30% revenue growth on this business, that is Paladyne, and 20% margins, pre-amortization expense for Paladyne.  And we anticipate trade volumes for the remainder of the year will be in line with previous expectations as the anomaly in August doesn't seem to be continuing. So the high end of our revenue range represents trade volume growth in the mid- to high-single digits and at the low end of the range, flat to last year.  Rich, I'll turn it back to you.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 11 for my summary wrap-up. We are off to a solid start in fiscal year 2012. I'm very pleased with the revenue growth and earnings results for the quarter. However, as I stated earlier, the first quarter makes the smallest contribution to our annual results due to the seasonal nature of our business. Of course, year-to-date, it really still feels good.  While event-driven revenues remain a challenge, our recurring fee revenue continues to demonstrate healthy growth. That recurring fee revenue growth is being driven by the meaningful contributions from our recent acquisitions, improving market-driven volumes, both trade volumes and stock record growth, our consistent closed sales growth and our excellent 99% client revenue retention.  I am also very pleased with our sales results for the first quarter. Between our first quarter results and our strong pipeline, we have continued confidence that we will achieve our strong closed sales guidance.  Throughout all of Broadridge, we now have a complete portfolio of opportunities to pursue. Right now, we have more control over our destiny than ever before, so it's all about our ability to execute.  Execution is a proven core competency of Broadridge, driven by the highest engaged and most tenured associates in our market. Across both of our segments, we are focused on integrating acquisitions, on-boarding closed sales, implementing strategic initiatives and flawlessly executing during fiscal year 2012.  Given our full plate of activities to be executed successfully, as well as our current cash and debt position, we are not looking to do any additional meaningful acquisitions in the near term.  In conclusion, given the continued progress discussed during this call, we remain confident in our fiscal year 2012 guidance of 9% to 11% revenue growth and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.50 to $1.60.  By adding the value of these activities to the anticipated return of market-driven activities, including event-driven revenues, to their near-historical levels, any achievement of our recurring revenue closed sales plan, we believe the current fiscal year should be followed next year with about $2 per share in earnings in fiscal year 2013.  My confidence in believing we will achieve our goals is driven by knowing our highly engaged associates are in line with the service profit chain and shareholder value creation. I cannot thank our associates enough for their continued hard work and commitment to excellence. We have a great team and we have a lot of exciting opportunities in front of us, and that is why I am confident in our ability to create greater value for our shareholders, customers and associates.  I'll now turn the call over to Marcus, the operator, and we welcome your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Rich, what is your updated outlook for stock record growth in unit pricing over the next 12 to 18 months?
Richard J. Daly: Dave, stock record growth, we have seen some trends of finally having some growth there, and I'm talking about on the equity side, and that's about 1%. On the mutual fund side, we're still continuing to see those positions grow both on traditional mutual funds, as well as the exchange funds. So it's too soon to say that it's turned, but it certainly feels more positive than it's felt in a long time. In terms of the unit pricing, again, I -- in every call because even though I really strongly disagree with any overhang on Broadridge as it relates to pricing in terms of the proxy world, every call I go out of my way to emphasize we're not aware of anything. All of the dialogues we're having really focus around the value we provide, how we can provide more value, what -- how that will benefit issues in mutual funds and the fact that as we provide new things going forward, we're going to need to establish fees to get paid for that effort we put in, costs we incur and value we provide.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: What accounts for you more positive view on stock record growth? What factors have changed recently?
Richard J. Daly: Well, if we measure the position of company by company very extensively, it's more than a good stat sample. I mean, we pull hundreds, if not thousands, of companies to measure as we had throughout the year. And in some cases, we get close to the end of the year, we have almost a complete view. So it's the growth of positions, same companies right now versus where we were a year ago.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Good. And just finally, it seems that your fiscal '13 guidance assumes the rebound in event-driven revenue, which is a departure from your approach to fiscal '12. What accounts for the change? And if event-driven revenue stays flat, what would be the impact on your fiscal '13 view?
Richard J. Daly: Very good question. So we have always said when we talk about the momentum that we're building and then the total value that, that could bring to '13, we've always included a return to some historical level of the event-driven revenue. If that wasn't to be there, round numbers, think like 20%. If it was to be -- $0.20, excuse me. If it was to be at the same, I'll call it, historic low right now, that's low based on number of positions. Again, we had studies done by ourselves and studies that BCG helped us with us well, in going out there and surveying that market and understanding was there a secular change or is it just a cyclical event. Funds are managing costs because of these markets more capitally than I've experienced in my 30 years, this has been a tough period. At a point in time, they're going to need to address things like directors. At a point in time, they're going to need to address the things that they've always had to address like their investment models and when they need to go out to their shareholders. So we're not planning on the growth that we had historically seen on these numbers on average over the years, but we're looking to get back to the averages where we were 2-plus years ago. And to say that they'll stay at this level forever when there is no secular change that we are aware of, we think is undervaluing the overall value that Broadridge can create as we go forward.
Dan Sheldon: Rich, what I'll add to that, David, is the way to think about it was we already know that we can look out 60 days and kind of know what's going on. We knew the first half, which is really -- our first half is for most mutual funds, their second half of the calendar year. So we knew there wasn't going to be a lot of activity. The point we're looking at -- and Rich already talked about the study we had done, et cetera, what we're looking at is saying we're not going to forecast right now, that we should be higher in the second half or, as I mentioned, would be at our $140 million for the year, but we're saying we should be seeing some uptick and then that will help us better gauge how we're going to think about fiscal year '13. But Rich is right on. It's approximately on a fee basis we need to have come back $60 million and that really generates, when you put on the post each and everything else about $0.20.
Richard J. Daly: One other thing, if it doesn't come back at a point in time, we'd have to take a step back and say okay, even though there's no technical reason that any -- that we can find that any consultant can find or any law firms that service the mutual fund industry can tell us about because we spoke with all of them as well, all right? If it doesn't come back at a point in time, we're going to be looking at this differently. However, we have 2 hedges, even when it does come back. One is that the number of mutual fund positions is still growing, all right? So we don't even need the same percentage of positions to go out the proxy to get to the same number that we're trying to get to a couple of years back. Two, we believe that our offering in the mutual funds space, our optimal proxy offering, is a game changer for mutual funds to achieve quorum. Everyone knows retail investors don't vote at the percentages, that institutional investors vote at, and to get to 51% quorum is generally a tough task. Our optimal proxy product takes advantage of Broadridge's knowledge of how every investor votes. And therefore, rather than going out and selling fear, which is you better be ready to spend a lot of money to call a lot of investors, we go out with a clear knowledge with this new product of how their investors, their actual investors historically vote. So if John Doe never votes, even if he's at a large share position, we're not going to be making phone calls and running up expenses for those funds. If Mary Smith always votes, okay, even though her position may be smaller, okay, we're going to be going after her right away because we know that's likelihood of success. So we're going to be going out there with a model that -- a fixed price model, in essence, that will be higher than what most people would normally bid. But in reality, much lower than what funds normally actually pay. So between position growth and we think we're going to grow our share in solicitation, with a reasonable return, we can get to our historical levels of average revenue, all right, and still not have the market have a complete return.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to stay on that topic of event-driven. You mentioned 60 days of visibility. I guess, once the calendar year turns? Can things move pretty quickly? Meaning, will these mutual funds simply plan for their year and then make these decisions or should -- could there be a little bit of a lag before we see that?
Richard J. Daly: The good news is that things can turn very quickly. The bad news is the lead time we have on understanding that is never that great. So in 2010, when we had the record year, we had no ability to anticipate that when we created our guidance for the year. So it is -- over any period of time, I believe that event-driven revenue is going to serve our shareholders well and create meaningful value. It's just very difficult to say how even it will be from year-to-year.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Rich, let me just add onto that piece because I know it's a top focus. In the past, we used to see 20% to, call it, 25% of all positions go out for proxy a year. Then we all saw what happened in '10, where 50% of all activity happened. And then we saw it drop to below 15% in '11. We're not -- neither Rich nor myself or even our business is sitting and trying to say something is fundamentally changed with any of the rules. What we looked at with our analysts were to say, well, you know what, maybe it's going to be as we move forward 16% to 20% of all positions but it should start coming back. The only thing we don't know, is it maybe going to start to behave very erratically, which is you'll see some years of 50% and some years of less than 20%, and that makes it much more difficult to kind of model out, but that's what we're trying to figure out as we go forward for the next 6 months.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Of course, the positions are compounding as well, right, so you're applying this to a bigger bid?
Dan Sheldon: That's one of the hedges we have, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Just on the Penson side, thanks for the overview there. Obviously, you're increasing your exposure and the stock seems to be discounting a negative outlook there. From a diligence standpoint, obviously, you were comfortable there. Can you share some of that in terms of increasing the client exposure to Penson and how your outlook could change maybe?
Richard J. Daly: Sure. And you're absolutely right. Whether it be Penson or any meaningful transaction we go into, where we know we're going be making investment and getting them on to our platform and many times providing some assistance, we always look at this and if actually Dan, John Hogan, our President, and myself go through this on a regular basis. Penson, when they put together their action plan, which they announced in their last call, there was a clear -- there were clear tangible activities that they had to move the broker-dealer to positive cash and P&L position going forward. In addition to that, they've -- they have some pretty valuable assets that they talked about. And beyond that, given that we're a processing business for them, their product and, particularly I guess, their trading product is a very, very sticky product. Their client retention rates have actually -- from our perspective, have been acceptable. So we believe that they have demonstrated what they needed to, to create a plan to be a viable entity going forward. It's a meaningful relationship with all of our clients. We've looked to support them and enable their success. And we're actually pleased of the opportunity to be providing additional outsourcing services as we go forward. We're looking to use this model to show other clients how much more efficient they can make their operations by leveraging our scale.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian A. Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Question would be on the trading volumes. What -- where are you as far as -- because I know you have bobbed the tiered structure on your pricing of your trades. Given the state that you're in right now, as that returns, what are kind of the incremental margins there because I know you've invested in the infrastructures so that's done, but you are getting a little bit less, I guess, per trade pricing because of that tiered structure. So can you just walk us through that a little bit?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Ian, so let me give you the perspective, like you had mentioned, incrementally. What we've talked about before and it really hasn't changed much, we're primarily focused on the equity side of it. Is that on the equity piece, we've got a range for every 1% of growth that we see in trade volumes of somewhere between $750,000 and $1.5 million. It's really on the upper end of the $1.5 million of releasing significant return by the retail side. That's where we would see the biggest uplift. And as we mentioned, anything incremental there pretty much falls to the bottom line. That's how I define pre-margins. And to put it in perspective, this last quarter for equities, we saw a $10 million uptick from the year before in contribution to our revenue. We are thinking it was going to be about $5 million because we actually got a 17% increase in the volume, versus what we are planning on we said of about $7 million.
Ian A. Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then not to beat a dead horse on the whole event-driven side, do you think there's somewhat of a demand destruction that happened in mutual funds or are now more than happy with having less events? Have they grown to live with less events or do you think you have kind of returned ultimately to that level? And then where would it be in the cycle, would it be mid-cycle, late-cycle recovery and just how do you think about that?
Richard J. Daly: I think that the weak market -- I've not heard the term demand destruction tied to this but it may in a weak market, you're going to have every business looking at their expense structure and saying "how can we manage this more effectively until revenues get back to where we'd like them to be, and we have confidence that they're going to grow as we go forward?" The best thing that could happen to Broadridge, is that retail investors gain some confidence in the markets and come back to the markets. We all know there is significant money on the sidelines, earning almost nothing, all right, because right now, fear is driving more activity than the opportunity to invest in the markets. I believe, because I've been through a difficult markets before and I've seen mutual funds cut back and then I've seen when markets have improved that their business models required them -- or I shouldn't say required, it gave them opportunities to make changes to take more advantage of investors who are coming into the market, and I say, take advantage, create more product to change their products. And in those times we had very, very significant activity, so the most important thing for Broadridge, overall, would be, across all of our businesses, to have retail confidence which would drive not just event-driven activity but more communications overall, more activity on the trading side. And we have historically in those markets performed very well and generally beat our expectations during those markets. So it -- I think, Ian, it goes beyond just demand destruction in event-driven. I think it's called prudent expense management, and until we see a return of some confidence in the market, people aren't going to be going out there saying it's time to have an event. The only events that are going to happen right now are, where they'll trip something like the number of directors that have been approved by shareholders that will have to go out or they need to do a merger or some other activity, but it won't be driven by -- we have an opportunity to take this fund, change it in a way that we will need shareholders to approve it but have a better product for the market. That's unlikely to be taking place right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay, your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: On Paladyne, looking at the 7 clients you added so far, that's in less than 2 months closing, that's increasing the client base by 6%. Is there something that Paladyne being part of the Broadridge platform does, that changes that game or really makes it possible to close deals or is there something that was -- maybe these were pent up client sales?
Richard J. Daly: I think it's a combination of a few of the things you just said. So first of all, Paladyne previously was tied to one prime, and that prime had somewhat of an exclusive to use that product for their customers versus other primes. Broadridge taking out the owners, this product is now available to all the primes without the exclusivity provision. So we think that we've now made the market for Paladyne much larger. You add to that, that the prime brokers all do business with Broadridge, all have customer data with Broadridge right now and all trust Broadridge. And you have got -- we're instantly now far more credible than Paladyne previously was, all right? It's a very, very good product. And I'd like to think that the deals we did were in the pipeline, as you pointed out already but because we're now the owner, it became much easier to get to a decision to end of job, to say now that -- it's Broadridge-backed, this is a -- without question, we're even more comfortable than we were based on their strong functionality.
Dan Sheldon: I'd also add to that, that business, and to Paladyne management's credit, had always had over the last few years a very strong record for closing sales. As the CFO, usually what happens for me is I watch the acquisition go along in the first few months and if somebody comes on board, you usually see a dip. So what we're saying is we're very pleased to see it continue with what already management had successfully done in the past. And as Rich mentioned, that's why we have the projections we have going forward for continued revenue growth even above that now part of the Broadridge family.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I only have one of this thing, I deliberately put it in my notes. And we really believe that what excited us the most about this is that on their own, as Dan pointed out, they had a very good sales track record. And when you take the prime brokers and you now remove the barriers that they had because of their relationship with one prime broker, okay, and then you combine that with our trusted relationship with those prime brokers, that's the part that excited us the most in terms of on their own, we think it's a good acquisition. We think with us, particularly with our ability to focus on the sell-side relationships and expand the number of buy-side opportunities through those sell-side relationships, this could be a very, very exciting transaction.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Got it. And then just a couple of numbers, Dan, I want to make sure I wrote it down correctly. You said that the margins you're looking for, for Paladyne are 20% but that's exclusive of amortization and transaction costs, is that right? .
Dan Sheldon: Yes, so the way to think about it is there's about $4 million of amortization kind of go for.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay.
Dan Sheldon: Okay?
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes. And then just on the revenue -- the expected revenue, $26 million, is that sort of run rate to where we are or does that bake-in any growth this year if you're adding 7 clients every 2 months?
Dan Sheldon: The way to think about it is, that's the core base, $26 million, and everything added into that will be in our sales projections that we share with everyone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: As we -- following up on Paladyne, can you talk about how much of their solution is kind of proprietary technology or kind of a domain expertise around fund administration and how much is sub-licensed technology? It looks like they have kind of best of breed approach to using some third-party technologies, some of their own, bundling that into a hosted solution. And so when I see that, I tend to think is that a business that can be commoditized by other service providers, then margins would hit low over time or do you believe that there's some proprietary, either technology or process, that can allow margins to expand with volumes?
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Throughout all of Broadridge, Peter, we're going to have some I'll call it generic technology that gets bundled into our proprietary technology, of course, with the appropriate licenses. So the net result is everything we have here is proprietary technology that's very specialized and very difficult to replicate. So -- and Paladyne absolutely fits into that category from my point of view. In terms of this business being commoditized, we have looked for quite a while to find a way to get into the growing and exciting buy side of the market. In a way though, that would be pragmatic and not irresponsible as it relates to our stewardship of our shareholders' assets and cash. Paladyne really ticked the boxes. So you heard, for example, even on the earn-out of this deal, the IRR would have to be over 25% before we pay the first dollar of earn-out. So -- and we think we're going to add to their model beyond what they had the ability to achieve on their model on their own. So we think that this space is very exciting. We think that dovetailing with our incredibly strong brand and reputation with the sell side adds more to it. We had a very full plate of things going on around here. And the senior team, we had very significant distractions about it. We are going to add more activity to what's already a relatively full plate of execution activities, it better be one heck of an opportunity, all right? Paladyne fit into that category so there are other areas where I fight every day to say we can't get commoditized here, or if it's going to happen, we're going to disrupt ourselves and not let someone else do it. Paladyne is more a disrupter. I don't anticipate them being disrupted any ways near on the near term.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then moving on to the proxy business, how do you feel about this upcoming proxy season and the potential for some of the relatively more innovative solutions that you've come out with, the virtual meetings, some of the new kind of mobile and tablet communications method, how do you see those playing out in terms of adoption this proxy season?
Richard J. Daly: Thank you. We're really excited. You have companies out there like Coca-Cola that use our virtual shareholder meeting product and the CEO making statements like, I'm going to paraphrase here, but this is the future of investor relations, this is the future of shareholder communications, and I think it's still out there on the web if somebody wants to see it. Our mobile app is very, very successful. You can vote on your BlackBerry, on your iPhone or any other similar device, your iPad, et cetera. You don't even need to download that. And these are things that the SEC and the NYSE are finding very exciting that I referred to in my comments earlier as well. So we believe that we're going to continue to add meaningful efficiency versus anyone else in the space. We're really excited by what's going on in our TA space. We've actually on-boarded Spectra. I actually ran into their CEO in an event, and I was delighted that he took the time to reach out to me because I'm normally chasing people in my role. He took the time to reach out to me to say how pleased they were with the transition, and how he thought our position in the marketplace was really a game changer versus anything else out there. So this is still a weak market out there in terms of retail participation. It's not a weak market in terms of Broadridge's opportunity because of all the things we've executed in terms of product opportunities, acquisitions, et cetera, so we have a lot to execute against and we have -- as I said in my comments earlier, we have more control of destiny than ever before.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good, that's helpful. And then last question, it seems like the proxy season started a little bit early last year and you had pulled some kind of the annual distribution gravity into the third quarter. Do you anticipate that effect to happen again this year or should we expect relatively more of it to be in the fourth quarter as this is more historical?
Dan Sheldon: This is Dan. I would expect it to be back to the normals but, as we all know, we don't know until proxy season when people are going to actually schedule their meetings. So whether it's the third or the fourth quarter, I can't be specific to it and I would say to you that the good news is, and this is what Rich was mentioning before, the last couple of years, we'd started off the quarter with Q1 with some negative kind of like views on where stock record growth was going. So I'm more pumped up by the fact that we're seeing some positive momentum there. And when the meetings happen, the meetings will happen.
Richard J. Daly: One last thing, Peter, remember even if the distribution revenue happens and even though we've done, because of the complexity of our technology, a good part of the work because everything is systems driven, the actual fees aren't recognized until 30 days after we distribute the material. So even if the distribution revenue was up, the fee revenue has an appropriate aligning revenue and expense lag behind that closer to and really on average about when the actual meeting occurs.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing we have no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Richard J. Daly: Well, certainly Dan, Rick and I want to thank you for participating today. I'm also going to ask you -- because we really do sit down and put effort into our annual shareholder letter, to remind you that it's out there. And on a number of the topics that I would cover like capital stewardship and things like that, in the first quarter, we try to keep it concise and -- but certainly, Broadridge, in terms of our commitment to create shareholder value, be an employer of choice, commitment to the service profit chain and overall creating greater value for all as we go forward, I've laid that out in pretty extensive detail on that letter. So for those of you who have any interest, I'd encourage you to take a look at it. As always, we're going to look forward to meeting with you in the near future. [Audio Gap] Thanks. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Rodick - VP, IR Rich Daly - CEO Dan Sheldon - Corporate VP and CFO
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners Peter Dale - Omega Stephan McAteer - Pike Place Capital 
Operator: Good morning my name is [Shyra] and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers’ remark. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Rick Rodick: Thank you good morning everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011. This morning I’m here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer of Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer of Broadridge. I’m sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued. The news release and slide presentation that accompanies today’s earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com. During today’s conference call, we’ll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are summarized here on Slide number 1 and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and the risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I’d like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction that we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business is now part of the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also, as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. As previously disclosed we entered into an information technology services agreement with IBM in March 2010, under which IBM will provide us with data center services. Beginning with this earnings announcement we will include our results reported on a non-GAAP basis which excludes the impact of the cost related to our data center migration to IBM. These costs are significant and we believe this information helps investors understand the effect of their migration on our reported results. Now, let’s turn to Slide number 2 and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 financial results and the fiscal year 2012 financial guidance in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now, please turn to Slide number 3 and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. This morning as part of my opening remarks I will talk about the following topics. First, I’ll start with an overview of our fiscal year 2011 financial highlights. Then I will discuss our fiscal year 2012 guidance, followed by a review of our closed sales performance. And then an acquisition update before I turn it over to Dan. After Dan provides you more of the financial and guidance detail, I’ll wrap it up with my closing comments during which I will highlight many of initiatives that give us confidence to create shareholder value beyond this year into fiscal year 2013 and beyond.  Let’s start of Slide 4, our fiscal year 2011 financial highlights. Overall I’m satisfied with our fourth quarter financial results, but disappointed with the full-year results because of previously discussed decline in event-driven revenue from the unprecedented high volume levels in fiscal year 2010 to their start low volume level in fiscal year 2011. The decline in event-driven drove an overall decline of 2% in total revenue despite all other revenue drivers having headed in the right direction.  Recurring revenues were up 13% as a result of our successful acquisition depends on outsourcing services conversion, strong recurring revenue closed sales result and internal growth. Long-term recurring revenue and related recurring revenue sales will be the primary component of creating long-term shareholder value. Event-driven revenue in fiscal year 2010 offset the weak economic environment by adding a benefit of approximately $0.18 per share more than we have planned. In fiscal year 2011, the lower than anticipated even-driven revenues and related distribution revenue cost us approximately $0.25 per share versus what we planned.  Even though last year was our lowest activity ever, we are not planning for an increase in fiscal year 2012. When event-driven revenues come back to more normal levels, our plan will be viewed as being conservative, but given it's almost entirely out of our control, we don’t want to disappoint again.  Our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.37 per share non-GAAP and a $1.34 GAAP for the fiscal year ended 2011. During the quarter we incurred IBM data center migration cost of approximately $0.03 per share. Dan will provide you with more detailed information in a few minutes. Again, our decrease in earnings per share from fiscal year 2010 was directly related to the decrease in event-driven revenues.  During the year we opportunistically bought back 8.7 million shares of Broadridge stock at an average price of approximately $21.83 per share. These purchases got us to the 128 million weighted average shares outstanding guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year.  Now let’s move to Slide number 5. We anticipate strong revenue growth of 8 to 10% in fiscal year 2012. But majority of the growth will come from recurring revenue as we have assumed no growth in event-driven revenues. We expect the growth will come primarily from our recurring revenue closed sales and acquisitions. Also we are anticipating only modest volume internal growth as we continue to be cautious in our expectations for trade growth and limited stock record growth. The recent market environment support this hopefully, conservative yield.  We expect fully diluted earnings per share before continuing operations to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.60 excluding the impact of the IBM migration cost. As anyone who has followed us knows our assets are focused on creating long-term shareholder value and we have been consistently looking out to fiscal year 2013 and beyond.  Our fiscal year 2012 plan still has it's on the path to achieve our long-term shareholder value goals beginning in fiscal year 2012 with much more in 2013 and beyond. Free cash flow excluding the IBM migration cost should be approximately 225 million plus or minus 35 million due to potential variations in working capital and conversion costs. This is a strong free cash flow business.  The company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share payable October 3rd, 2011. The annual dividend was increased approximately 7% to $0.64 per share. This will be the fourth year in a row that we have increased our dividend payout.  Let’s turn to Slide 6. Closed sales for year were 134 million. A recurring revenue closed sales of 113 million were the second highest in our history. While our recurring revenue closed sales were slightly lower than last year, we are still pleased with our sales results given the quality of sales that have taken place. Our Securities Processing Segment sales were up 25% compared with fiscal year 2010 due to an increase in deals greater than 5 million. While Investor Communication recurring revenue closed sales were down approximately 15 million and last year's result included the 40 million Morgan Stanley Smith Barney contract. We feel good about our recurring revenue closed sales results, our pipeline is strong and we have many large opportunities that we are presently pursuing.  For fiscal year 2012 we expect recurring revenue closed sales in the range of 110 to 150 million. Total closed sales which include event-driven are expected to in the range of 135 million to 175 million. However, we will focus our future discussions on recurring revenue closed sales as we believe that recurring revenue closed sales are the best measure of our future revenue growth potential.  Now let’s move to Slide 7, where I will provide you with an acquisition update. Over the last three years we have made five 15 million plus acquisitions in which we spent approximately 370 million. In fiscal year 2011, it has been our busiest year by far as we made three very successful acquisitions. Last August we acquired NewRiver, in December we acquired Forefield and in January we made our largest acquisition since our spin off only acquiring Matrix. We did not set out to fiscal year 2011 our busiest acquisition year ever. It just happened based on the availability of high quality entity that met our very high standards. You should not expect us have a repeat of this level of activity in fiscal year 2012. The five acquisitions that I have identified contributed approximately 109 million to revenue, 16 million to EBITDA, and 3 million to earnings before taxes in fiscal year 2011. They will contribute significantly more in fiscal year 2012 as two were closed mid-year and all have been fully converted on to our systems. In fiscal year 2012, we anticipate our acquisitions will contribute approximately 182 million to revenue, 39 million to EBITDA and 22 million to earnings before taxes.  I’m pleased with the financial performance of these acquisitions, when we decide to acquire an entity, we set very high hurdle rate and goals. Our recent acquisitions are Matrix, NewRiver, and Forefield are all performing better than their business plans, while Access Data and City Networks are just slightly behind. I anticipate that all five acquisitions will eventually exceed their business cases.  We utilized four primary key criteria in our acquisition strategy. Number one, the acquisition must be accretive to growth, margin and earnings by year two. Number two, the transaction must generate an internal rate of return greater than 20%. We understand that this is a very high hurdle rate especially given our weighted average cost of capital. However, we know that acquisition provide no guarantees and we want to insure acquisitions of price, recognizing risk and also that we only focus on deals that leverage our brand, scalable infrastructure and skill set. All of which enable greater returns. Number three, our acquisition strategy is focused primarily on tuck-in sized businesses. And number four, that we have the management capacity to successfully integrate the new entity. Now I will turn the call over to Dan, who will go into more detail about fiscal year 2011 financial results as well as our fiscal year 2012 guidance. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks Rick. I’m on Slide 8. In our earnings release we disclosed we are finalizing our estimates of the total cost we will incur in connection with the migration to IBM and expect those estimates to be finalized during Q1 of this fiscal year. And we still expect the completion of the migration off of ADP and onto IBM by around the end of June 2012. We believe our annual savings will still be around 25 million pre-tax and that these savings will start during fiscal year ’13. Our total migration costs are now estimated to be 95 million.  The first two bullets addressed what we have discussed before as far as migration, P&L period expenses and capital expenditures to be deferred and amortized over the life of the 10 year service agreement. Now that we are almost done with the migration planning, we believe that 85 million is about where we should end up versus our previous estimates of around 75 million. The approximately 10 million pulled forward is result of our receiving and reviewing our final accounting treatment for all migration cost with the SEC on a pre-clear basis and it determined that there are certain migration activity being performed by IBM that needed to be expensed up front versus part of a 10 year service agreement.  As we mentioned in the earnings release the one-time migration cost are large, and we are still finalizing it. At this time the fiscal year ’11 P&L results were impacted by $0.03 per share or approximately 6 million pre-tax, and the fiscal year ’12 P&L impact will be approximately $0.16 per share or 33 million pre-tax.  Slide 19, 20 and 24 in this deck provides the reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP for these migration cost impact to our earnings for both fiscal year ’11 and ’12. And as a report throughout ’12 we will continue to show the on-going business excluding the IBM migration cost as non-GAAP, and then reconcile back to GAAP including the IBM migration cost. Our presentation today for the most part addresses the on-going business non-GAAP. Let’s move to Slide 9, revenue growth drivers. Our forecast being 8 to 10% revenue growth for fiscal year ’12. 4 to 5 points from recurring revenue sales of which 60% was sold previously in fiscal year ’10 and ’11. Retention is expected to be around 99% as we have not been amazed, aware of any large client revenue losses. Internal growth is expected to add up to 1 point or be flat at the low end. This is all driven primarily by what happened with trade volumes and stock record position. At our low end trade volumes were pretty much stay where they are today at about 1.5 million trade per day. And that the high end would increase to the mid to high single-digits. With respect to stock record the equity side we think is a point or two. And as far as the mutual fund side we still see the beneficial producing in the high mid single-digit range.  Acquisitions providing another two points and this is all carryover as new sales from acquisitions are reported in our recurring sales line above. This brings our contributions from recurring revenue drivers to 5 to 7 points. And as we shared with you before and on slide 23, since the spin we have always had growth in recurring revenues and in fiscal year ’12 the growth is approximately 10%.  With respect to event-driven, we are keeping it as Rich mentioned basically flat. That we expect to see improvements over the next 18 to 24 months, yes, but we are thinking the first of this fiscal year which is fiscal year ’12 will probably narrowed last year and if there is growth we will see it in the second half and moving into fiscal year ’13. By the way we work with the Boston Consulting Group to analyze what’s going on with mutual fund proxies, and if it included the following. As we mentioned before the decline in mutual fund proxies does not appear to be secular, the funds truly have been focused on reducing the level of activity given cost and cost focus as well as what we call shareholder fatigue which means in the fiscal year ’08 and ’09 and into ’10 there was a tremendous amount of activity.  However, looking forward we expect to return to the normalized historical averages in fiscal year ’07 and ’06 which would suggest a 2 to 3 point contribution to revenue growth over the next few years, but as I already mentioned we probably won’t see that until starting in the second half.  Finally, we also expect the activity here to be more volatile with large campaign being infrequent and unpredictable like we saw in fiscal year ’10. With respect to distribution revenues they are expected to contribute 3 points of growth of which a third of this is coming from the pass-through fees the 12b-1 like fees related to the Matrix business. There are almost no profits on any of these distribution fees as the growth here is not coming from our proxies and interim but rather as I mentioned from the Matrix fulfillment and statements which do not provide profits on distribution revenues. Given the revenue growth we are expecting, EBIT margin before the IBM migration cost in the range of 13.8 to 14.4% up from the 13.1% we experienced in fiscal year ’11.  The next two slides have data points related to each of the two segments, I’m not going to go into review them at this time in the interest of time, but they are here for your information for further follow-up. Let’s move to Slide 12. This is our guidance page for ’12. Quickly repeating what we have stated earlier. Revenue growth 8 to 10%. Recurring revenue closed sales of 110 to 150 million. EBIT growth before interest, taxes and IBM migration costs of 13 to 20%. Diluted earnings per share before the IBM migration cost of $1.50 to $1.60 and including the $0.16 dilution from the IBM migration GAAP EPS of $1.34 to $1.44. Free cash flow excluding the IBM migration cost with a miss point of approximately 225 million.  Side 21 in the deck has additional information, as well this year and last year, we had 20 to 30 million in capitalized conversion costs, not including IBM or any potential new business with Penson. And as we continue to make large sales in our Securities Processing space, you should continue to expect heavy range of 20 to 30 million per year. That’s all good news because it’s generating significant revenue growth for us. We are refinancing 100% of our outstanding debt with five-year maturity. We’ll renew our 500 million revolving credit facility, our 200 million draw on the revolver, and the 200 million term loan in Q1 of fiscal year ‘12. We expect our interest costs will increase 10 to 15 million on an annualized basis, and we’re pleased to be increasing the dividend. Let’s move to Slide 13. As we exit ‘12 and move into ‘13, we’d like you to be thinking the following. We expect to exit fiscal year ‘12 with diluted earnings per share of $1.50 to $1.60 without the IBM migration cost. We’ve discussed the 25 million in savings pre-tax we expect from IBM, which on an annualized basis generates approximately $0.12. We’ve also disclosed before the additional benefits we expect from the completion of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and other restructurings, where we expect to benefit by approximately $0.06. As mentioned before, the return of event-driven revenues to normalized historical levels would add another 30 to 60 million in revenue or $0.10 to $0.20, which includes both fee and postage. And we expect recurring revenues to grow and margins to expand given the 110 to 150 million in forecasted recurring closed sales, plus the carryover from fiscal years ‘11 and ‘12 for those year's’ sale, a retention rate of 99% and benefits from market-driven trade volumes and stock record growth as well as contributions from possible future acquisition. Rich, at this point I’ll turn it back to you.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. There is no question Page 13 is my favorite page. Please turn to Page 14 for my summary wrap up. Fiscal year 2011 results are not reflective of a value creation progress that has transpired over the last two years. Event-driven revenues were down meaningfully and masked our strong recurring revenue growth. Our recurring revenue closed sales were strong, the second highest in our history, and our client revenue retention rate continues to be excellent. These are some of the reasons why I’m so confident about Broadridge’s future. We have never had better recognition of the importance of what we do and the value we provide to the proxy process by the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC. It’s recently been clearly established that the free market for proxy fees is more than double what the New York Stock Exchange, SEC regulated proxy rates are. This is a significant recognition accomplishment for Broadridge. We have made three very successful acquisitions during the fiscal year. They contributed to our revenue growth and we anticipate that they will contribute to meaningful revenue growth and earnings in fiscal year 2012 and beyond. We continue to make excellent progress on our key initiatives. The Morgan Stanley Smith Barney transaction contributed to revenue growth and earnings improvement in fiscal year 2011. We made significant progress in the implementation of the Penson outsourcing agreement, and we anticipate that we’ll be fully converted in the second quarter of our fiscal year. Finally, we are beginning the implementation of our conversion to the IBM data center. We plan to be fully converted around June 30, 2012. I’m confident about our future. Since the spin, we’ve consistently been looking at our business model and pruning and changing underperforming businesses with the view that it is all about creating long-term shareholder value. We really like the portfolio we have right now. We like the portfolio because of the many opportunities that enables us to pursue. Although we hope that the economic turmoil that our markets experienced over the past week or so will dissipate, we are confident we can grow our market shares regardless. However, our success and value creation will be even stronger in better economic environment, particularly when our clients perform better. But let’s get back to our strong product portfolio. Those of you that heard our Investor Day presentation in June will remember we talked about being a market disruptor in $1 billion equity transfer agency market. We will do so by leveraging much of our world-class infrastructure that we built for the communications business as well as our back office brokerage operations to create greater efficiency for issuers. More importantly, we can create uniquely better alignment for issuers and their registered shareholders by allowing them to have the opportunity to move their registered accounts to street accounts simply and easily if they choose to do so. We already provide registered proxy services for more than 1,800 issuers and if all of them were to convert to our transfer agency platform, it would be worth a minimum of 100 million in revenue. As proof of our value proposition, we just recently signed Spectra Energy. The market opportunity for our global and emerging product is almost 1 billion. We have developed or acquired several new products and services over the last few years. We provide numerous services including services for advisors, global proxy communications, tax reporting and outsourcing and securities transactions. Through our global and emerging products, we’re driving about 24% compounded annual growth rates with robust margins off of a revenue base of 75 million. The 401(k) market is a large and attractive market. Matrix is an $80 million business, growing at approximately 20% annually, providing services in that space. Through Matrix, we provide the connectivity for over 130 third-party administrators and over 200 bank trusts to do business with over 500 mutual fund families representing 25,000 different funds. Under a Broadridge umbrella with our relationships, our technology, our sales organization, we can support the course Matrix is on and take it to the next level. It has three key areas of growth; organic growth, lift-outs and share expansion, and we have just begun to tap what we believe will be a terrific value proposition for the broker/dealer communities. Access Data provides us with the opportunity to grow data aggregation, management and reporting services. Brokers have always made data available to their fund partners, but the process is extremely inefficient. The market desire for more insightful information is not currently being served. Through Access Data, we bring technology and scale to this process through cleansing and normalizing data in a consistent manner, which create efficiencies for our clients. We recently entered into an agreement with Charles Schwab to expand our sales, reporting and data exchange capabilities that Schwab offers to its mutual fund partners. Let me share with you why Schwab is a great opportunity. In the first 10 years of existence, Access Data grew to 30 clients and in the past two years that we have owned it, they’ve double to 60 clients. By signing the deal with Schwab, we now have the opportunity to increase the population of clients to 600 on the Access Data platform, since we now have become the exclusive data aggregator for Schwab to service their fund partners. We now have explicit authorization to provide our core product set of services to 600 mutual fund complexes, using Schwab’s data to enable Schwab and their fund partners to accurately meet both of their compliance responsibilities. This opens the door for funds to hire Broadridge directly and capitalize on a host of data analytics that we can now offer to them to better understand the efficiencies of their relationship and the effectiveness of their relationship with Schwab and their IRRs. As we have said in the past, while we see the revenue opportunity by providing Schwab’s fund partners, these additional modules and services, this is not our end game. As funds experience the benefits of our centralized industry approach for Schwab, we expect them to have great interest in seeing this approach taken with all of their broker distribution partners. Due to the Schwab relationship, we will be able to tangibly prove to 600 fund families that for the Schwab piece of their business, Broadridge can provide SAS 70 verified 12b-1 breakpoint reviews with extensive market distribution analysis beyond anything they can create internally today at a lower cost and absolute accuracy levels unquestionably better than previously attainable. We estimate the market for coordinating all data management, including the applications that use this data is approximately 400 to 500 million. Earlier this year, Pitney Bowes announced that Broadridge would be their exclusive channel partner for investment industry content and a new digital mail service called Volly. Digital mail is an emerging technology that aims to improve e-delivery rates by creating a single site that consumers can use to receive statements, bills, and other documents across all consumer accounts. We have the opportunity to turn more than 1.5 billion communications into electronic format. Broadridge will exclusively market Volly at a digital platform and Pitney Bowes will exclusively market Broadridge for investment-related communications in the broker-dealer market. The launch of Volly is scheduled for early next year and we believe it is a great opportunity to issuers and brokers to further reduce their costs. Broadridge continues to lead in converting traditional paper communications into digital communications to the benefit of investors, financial institutions and our shareholders. We have the only live business process outsourcing solutions for brokerage backlogs clearance and settlement functions in the United States. As thought leaders, we introduced that model. Our portfolio of ASP and outsourcing capabilities had strong growth last year, including a new global investing offering for Schwab, which they announced in a press release on July 13th. We expect to both successfully execute the 75 million backlog of implementation as well as adding significantly to new sales to it during fiscal year 2012. In fixed income, we serve the majority of large global banks to our long-term contracts. The market size is approximately 200 million and we are experiencing low double-digit revenue growth. We process approximately 55% of all fixed income trades, which equates to about 4 trillion in market value on an average day. We play a very significant role in the settlement activity of the financial services industry every day. Securities Processing Solutions is the right business with the right skill set to go out and add more revenue from existing clients to help them be more efficient and to expand the services they run through that model. We had excellent closed sales result in fiscal year 2011 and we are having more discussions about significant opportunities with existing and new clients. As you can see, we have a lot going on and we have a lot of opportunities. We have never had this much opportunity to go out and execute on. We’re good at execution. We have the right values, right people, and a proven track record of execution success. That’s what we do and that’s our culture. Finally, I want to reiterate our priorities for your cash. We will continue to pay a meaningful dividend, look for strategic acquisition opportunities, and repurchase shares opportunistically. However, maintaining our investment grade credit rating is very important to us and in particularly the markets we serve, and we’ll continue to pursue a path that ensures we maintain that rating. Before I take your questions, I would like to acknowledge the contributions of our associates. This has been a challenging year and our associates have never worked harder or performed better. I’m proud of the effort they gave in fiscal year 2011 and I’m looking forward to fiscal years 2012, 2013, and beyond when we believe our shareholders and associates will both receive the respective returns and rewards they deserve. I’ll now turn the call over to the operator and, as always, we welcome your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore: If I’m reading it right, it looks like SPS hit the high end of your recurring revenues, new sales guidance for the year and ICS fell below. If that’s correct, if you could just walk through some of the dynamics of the new bookings to give us some insights into end market demand?
Rich Daly: On the SPS side it was our strongest year ever. We had a number of large transactions. We had a number of outsourcing transactions. We feel very good about the pipeline. We feel very good about the value proposition. I think it would be of interest to read the Schwab press release on July 13th. We live in a global world. North American investors need to invest globally and Broadridge is fairly unique in our ability to provide that offering to the market. So on the SPS side, I tell you that we feel good about last year and the opportunities we are looking at. At the ICS side, we did anticipate doing a one larger transaction, reporting transaction, which we still are going to be in discussions with, but it didn’t take place. The processing deals are at higher incremental margin and that’s why overall, even though it was our second highest year in recurring revenue sale, as Dan and I saw through the numbers, it was probably the highest year in margin and earnings contribution capabilities that we had and we look forward to 2012, and we look forward to staying focused in giving you a clearer view, Dave, on the recurring piece, because that’s the part that’s going to create the long-term value as we go forward.
David Togut - Evercore: Okay. Just as a quick follow-up for Dan. If you fully allocate the IBM migration cost in fiscal ‘12, how will the expenses be allocated on an EBIT basis between ICS and SPS?
Dan Sheldon: We’re still going through that piece of it. So I would say we will get back to you at the end of Q1, so I’d say stay tuned. Okay, obviously, we would think that a lot of the savings would go into the SPS business.
Rich Daly: There is no question about it, but there is also no question that both businesses leverage that infrastructure more efficiently together and dramatically more efficiently together than they could possibly ever do it separately. The key is, if you look at the processing peaks that the communications business needs and things like (inaudible) versus the processing peaks that the processing business requires in market openings and the trade settlement activity, those peaks are very different and enable us to leverage our scale far better.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Kissane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Rich, does the guidance for closed sales in fiscal ‘12, I assume that it excludes mega deals like I think the $22 million deal that you signed in fiscal ‘11. I'm just trying to get sense are there deals like that in the pipeline that you can potentially hit over the next, say, 12 to 18 months?
Rich Daly: We would anticipate in that range of 110 to 150. So, that gives you a mid point here of 130. Now 130 would be a record year and that would include large transactions. We’re probably anticipating greater than 25, it could be a range of 35 to 50 in there, but we’re happy with the dialogs we’re having right now in the marketplace, Jim.
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : Are there 20 million plus type deals in the pipeline?
Rich Daly: There are.
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : Okay. 
Rich Daly: They have been for a long time. But what we do internally, and I’m not going to go into this level of detail of where the pipeline is, but we go through on a very regular basis at least monthly, all right and I go through that more on a personal basis and we rate the likelihood of deals, okay, by the size of deal. So, the probability of where we are in the sales cycle and what the hurdles are between where we are in closing. So, we feel good about the range of the 110 to the 150 and we feel good about the contributions that we’ll make to ‘13 and beyond.
Dan Sheldon : Yes, Jim let me just add on to that because you and others have asked us the question that says can you help us understand better how you come up with your 110 to 150. So, just to put it in perspective, this year as in prior years about $65 million came from less than $5 million deals and you’ve heard us talk before about $5 million in greater deals on what we’ve called the (inaudible) and that was $45 million this year, that’s how you get to just over the 110. When you’re looking forward and as we look forward, we also know the acquisitions should be incremental of that; we also have some newer products. So, when I talk about the 65 of the 5 you should be thinking much more in a range of 75 to 100 which as I mentioned acquisitions in new products, then add on top of that for your low end around 35 million and your high end 50 million for deals greater than 5. I don't want you to think that there are all $20 million deals; they are greater than $5 million deals. And again, historically, we had averaged 25 and in the last two years 45 to 55. I think that puts it in perspective.
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : And then (inaudible) in your slides you indicated that Access Data and City Networks are sort of running a little bit behind plan. Obviously, the Schwab deal bring us lots of potential but just trying to get a sense to-date what have been some of the challenges, especially given that you’ve stepped up the acquisition activity over the past couple of years? Thanks.
Rich Daly: In both of those transactions Jim, I’m very pleased we have these properties. I think we are the right owners. I think they meets the four criteria I laid out during the call. I expect both of those transactions that are going to add meaningfully. So, Access Data running behind without Schwab, my tone will be very different. Access Data running slightly behind on its numbers, but we’re now building relationship from the 30 fund families, funds that Access Data dealt with when we acquired them to 600 now really provides us very, very meaningful opportunity. I almost feel the same way I thought about proxy in the early days. Once we prove the people that something is so much better, we really have significant opportunity. City Networks gives us a reconciliation capability, both in the U.S. and Europe, which we didn’t have before. Reconciliations is a big business. Reconciliations is a big activity, particularly for the BPO activity. So, when you take our BPO capabilities and having that application capability, I feel good about the dialog, the sales force momentum on that. It wasn’t that big of a transaction. That’s an easy transaction for us to get a very good return on given the small size that it was. So, that one I’m putting into what I hope is going to be lay-up category.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I just wanted to ask if your fiscal ‘12 guidance changed at all internally since the Investor Day in response to all the weak market activity we’ve seen, and aside from the change in the IBM cost that you talked about there, Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Really, our guidance hasn’t changed because when we gave you the range of 6 to 9, at the lower end we weren’t counting on a lot coming from the internal growth, call it, like a point.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay. Good to know. And then just a correlation of event-driven revenue with the direction of the stock market. I think flat, seems conservative for sure. I think this is the right thing to put in the guidance, but I’m curious, could it move lower given weaker markets resetting lower recently and this bad social mood that everyone has now with interesting. I'm just curious if that’s still on the table as a risk.
Rich Daly: There’re two things that drive event-driven revenue, business opportunity and then regulatory need. The business opportunity is something that people can manage more than they can manage the regulatory need. So, we had a study done beyond all the work we’ve done this year to really get behind what drove all the prior transactions and what’s going on in the marketplace. There is an economic desire to minimize cost by the industry, given the challenges that the mutual fund industry is having. There is not a secular change in the reasons that are driving the need to go out in the market. And I have a lot of history just going back well over two decades. Historically, we have never been right on the turns up or down, all right, but this is the lowest activity levels we have ever forecasted. We’ve never had activity levels below where we are right now. So, although it’s possible that it could go even lower, when you’re dealing with low double-digits of activity versus historical norms, call it, in the low 20s, all right. In ‘10 we were almost at 50% of activity of all the possible positions. There is a heck of a lot more upside here than there is downside. I would put the downside into a normal manageable event and I would put the upside into it could be very meaningful, but we don’t want to be planning on it. We can get to the value creation that we need to get to by managing this through ‘12 and just looking for normal activity when we get to ‘13.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Understood. That’s helpful. I mean, your historical perspective is always more valuable than my view. Just the last one, just sounds like acquisitions, we shouldn’t expect as much this year versus last year. So, should we assume then, I know it’s not in your guidance, should we assume more in the way of share repurchases?
Rich Daly: When I laid out the use of our shareholders’ cash, I was very, very focused and pointing out again dividends and expressing to the market our confidence and our strong cash flows and then our very strong future. We believe raising the dividend and our Board believes raising the dividend was the right thing to do. I wanted to clearly signal, so you read it exactly right that you should not expect the same level of acquisition activity this year as last year. One, we don’t believe that we will be as fortunate in the properties, and two, we have a lot going on here and I want to be very, very careful about execution. Three, in terms of the buybacks, I mean this recent market activity is recent for all of us and we got to the share count that we believe those are right share count and that we signal to you last year. We’re not providing any signaling in that regard at this point and we’re certainly going to look very carefully what’s going on in these markets and what’s in the best interest of our shareholders.
Dan Sheldon : Yes, Rich the only thing I’d like to add on to that is our debt levels are very important to us as well. We talked about investment grade. Right now, we’re sitting at 1.9 to 1 and our limit is 2. We’re very aware of what we’re allowed to do. So, when you think back a year ago, we had well over $400 million of cash and significantly below the 2 to 1, we’ll call it, debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Sitting right now, I just shared with you 1.9 is level of debt and we’ve got about $240 million plus of cash on the balance sheet.
Rich Daly: Yes, Dan, you’re absolutely right and that’s why Tien-tsin when you go to that section where I talked about the use of cash I emphasized maintaining an investment grade is not emotional thing for us. These large transactions that we’re talking with large clients about right now without question the dialog in their organizations, by the way including yours Tien-tsin comes up that if they’re going to rely on us for mission critical services, they want to have a high level of confidence and our ability to perform throughout all markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Just one quick one on Penson. They announced the extension of the relationship with you from 11 to 15 years. Does that have any implications for you from a revenue or earnings perspective or how does the accounting work on that?
Dan Sheldon: No, we’re extending the contract isn’t going to do anything with any kind of amortization, etcetera. So, the point of the matter is what we’re looking for that is it's a longer term deal as well as new opportunities we talked about that Rich will speak to that they mentioned on their call.
Rich Daly: Yes, I put what we’re doing with Penson right now. They announced a letter of intent to expand their relationship with us. The size and services that we’re talking about here, particularly in the BPO side are very routine for us. We’re in what I’d call the normal GAAP analysis we go through to finalize terms and this is I would put it into the category of business as usual and it's not dissimilar to the conversions that we’re having with many of our other existing clients looking at expanding services of BPO opportunities. We don’t, at Broadridge, announce letters of intent until we have a signed deal, final deal finalized. I would expect us to be able to finalize this over the next 30, 60 days or so.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill: Then just one follow-up to that. In your sales process is that one you went to them and said, we can do more for you or do you always do that? Or did they say, hey, what else can you do for us?
Rich Daly: I will go anywhere anytime to explain to a client that we can do more for them. That’s SOP for us for sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: With regard to the Penson conversion, I guess what we’re looking at now is November-December rather than more of a July-August final conversion. Can you talk about what’s taking a little bit longer as well as doing that some of your guidance for fiscal 2012 contemplates that the BPO outsourcing business will be running losses for a relatively larger part of the year and won’t be kind of getting towards that breakeven that you want to get towards when you fully implemented the $55 million from Penson. Is that correct?
Rich Daly: It is correct. Let me give you some context, Peter, because there were two phases to Penson; phase one was the business which we sold them, which is on our outsourcing platform right now, okay, and that’s a little over 20 million. Then phase two there was Canada and the U.S. pieces. Canada was probably about 40% about that call it 12, 13 million, that’s done, all right. Then the remaining U.S. piece is a little more than 15 million or so, and that’s the part that is going to be taking place in the second quarter. So, a lot has transpired. We with Penson and one of their clients who is converting off their platform, okay, which was announced deal, everyone is aware of it. They had a strong need to do that. There were economic considerations between the three of us to allow that to happen. So, we delayed our conversion slightly to allow that conversion to take place prior to our final piece happening. We made a lot of progress and we expect the rest of the progress to go, I’ll call it fairly routinely, which is there is always challenges. But as I even pointed out in the script and in other place, execution is what we do. We’re very good at it. It’s our culture and I feel confident in our ability to end this transaction as planned in the second quarter.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Dan, you went through it pretty quickly, and I was trying to catch up. The difference between the IBM costs and their timing, and whether they would be expensed or capitalized as you described it at the June Analyst Day versus now, what was the change there? It sounds like some costs were pulled forward and some that were planned to be capitalized are going to be expensed, is that correct?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So if you’d looked at the two first bullets where we said it’s now 85 million for what we normally would have thought about expensing capital, which we said before was going to be like 75. That’s just us refining our estimates. It’s that next piece where we talked about the fact that said in our contracts with IBM starting a year from now, we were going to pay them every single year approximately 2 million for what they called transition fees. The SEC as well as our auditors worked with us and said you know what, you’re going to have to take a part of that and absolutely recognize those expenses in that $10 million that we said was a bit of a surprise, but, you know what, we did everything at a time instead of doing it just it’s a big deal and we’re just going to book it the way we think it was, we actually (inaudible) sought out advice on that. So that’s the only difference is the 10 million.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: It’s not 10 plus 10, it’s 10 million in total?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it’s $10 million for that piece that we call pull forward and I’m just sharing with everybody we use to tell you 75 million for capital and expenses, that’s now 85. So the real answer is, it’s 10 and 10 is 20.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Right, and that 10 it’s not a cash cost in ‘12. It will be paid out over a period of years?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. That’s exactly the right way to look at.
Rich Daly: Now, Peter, when we get to ‘13, it’s in essence exactly the same with slightly less amortization because of some of the expense we’re having upfront here.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Peter Dale with Omega.
Peter Dale - Omega: Gentlemen, listen, it’s a follow-up along Tien-tsin’s question, which is if I look at your free cash flow and it’s about share buyback again, if I look at the midpoint of the free cash flow number of sort of 225 million and then I look at dividend payment of about roughly 80 million, I guess what I’m trying to get at here, gentlemen, is how much cash you need to run the business, which then might be available or what’s left over to buy stock in the open market and share repurchase? Can you help me with some guidance there?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Peter, it's Dan first and then I’m going to turn it over to Rich. On Slide 21, what we’ve tried to do is share with everyone, okay, what our cash flow and you have it write-down, is you’ve got the midpoint of 225, you’ve got about $80 million let’s call it for the dividends, okay, and that leaves the remainder, I mean we’ve always said around we have to always maintain $100 million. That’s what we've always said, because part of that is locked up in capital in our what we call the ridge business still as well as foreign cash that unless we use the cash outside of the United States, which you can’t use to buy back shares because you will get a tax impact on that. So, we’ll be thinking that that’s why we’ve always said 100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephan McAteer with Pike Place Capital.
Stephan McAteer - Pike Place Capital: All my questions were asked. Thank you.
Operator: I’m showing we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: Well, as always, we want to thank you for your participation. Dan, Rick and I do look forward to meeting with you in the near future, and certainly in times like this, we all need to choose to have a great day. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning my name is Suzan and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions first quarter fiscal year 2011 earnings conference call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers’ remark. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Rick Rodick: Thank you good morning everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. This morning I am here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge. I’m sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanies today’s call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com. I’d like to remind everyone that we’ve also included a copy of the key metrics on pages 23 and 24 in the appendix of our webcast for your reference. You may find these metrics helpful during Dan’s review of the financial results for each segment. During today’s call, we’ll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are discussed here on slide number one and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors faced by our business. Before we begin, I’d like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business is now part of the Securities Processing Solutions segment. Also, as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction, the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Now, let’s turn to slide number two and view today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the first quarter of fiscal year 2011 financial results and the fiscal year 2011 financial guidance in further detail. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now, please turn to next slide number three and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks Rick. Good morning, everyone. This morning as a part of my opening remarks, I’ll talk about the following topics. First, I’ll start with an overview of our financial performance, followed by a review of our closed sales performance and sales pipeline. Then I will provide an update on our key strategic initiatives and then a detailed regulatory update. After Dan provides you more of the financial details on the quarter, the full year and a guidance update, I’ll wrap it up with my closing comments. Let’s start on slide number four. Overall I am satisfied with our first quarter results. All the results were lower than the last year primarily due to the expanded reduction and event driven revenues, expected reductions. Our recurring revenue closed sales were up 94% and as we maintained a recurring revenue retention rate of 98%. The revenue decline was primarily due to lower venture in revenues partially offset by revenues from net new business and acquisitions. You need to keep in mind that due to the seasonal nature of our business, the first quarter is historically the quarter that contributes to the least amount to our annual results and it is way to early to assume, that our event-driven revenues will not rebound to the level it is needed or even beyond that. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were down from last year as expected, primarily due to the decline in event-driven revenues coupled with costs related to our strategic initiatives and acquisitions. We acquired NewRiver during the quarter. NewRiver is a leader in mutual fund electronic investors disclosure solutions and was an important supplier to Broadridge for nearly a decade. This acquisition will strengthen our capabilities as the industry leader in compliance communications and intelligent documents fulfillment. NewRiver's data warehouse of regulatory disclosure documents and productivity tools will enable Broadridge to offer additional solutions to its brokerage, mutual fund, variable annuity and retirement plan clients. Furthermore, the integration of additional data technology accelerates Broadridge's overall e-strategy with a broader set of solutions to assist our clients in the transformation from paper to electronic document delivery. We repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares during the quarter and an average purchased price of $20.91. On to our existing approved repurchase plans we have Board authorization to repurchase approximately 11.8 million shares. Now let's move to slide number five, closed sales for the quarter were $24 million, while closed sales were down 21% as compared with the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, I am very pleased that our recurring revenue sales were up 94%. Closed sales in our securities processing segment are off to a very strong start and they are more than double the amount they were to the first quarter of last year. Recurring revenue sales are also up to a strong start in our investor communication segment as they were up almost 30%. Event-driven sales were down as compared with last year as anticipated due to the very strong first quarter event driven sales in fiscal year 2010. Our sales pipeline is strong and continues to have very good momentum. We are reaffirming our closed sales guidance for fiscal year 2011, we expect closed sales in the range of 160 to 215 million which reflects the less predictable large sales process. Achievement of the higher end of the range will be dependent on the quantity of large deals signed. Let’s move to slide 6. During fiscal year 2010 we signed three strategic initiatives. All three are in the process of being implemented and each of them impacts our fiscal year 2011 results. All three are currently on track for their planned implementation. In October 2009 we signed seven-year agreement to provide customer communication services to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. There services include the production and distribution of account statements, tax reporting documents and certain trade confirmations as well as the provision of prospective fulfillment services. For the first two years of the agreement, we will utilize Morgan Stanley Smith Barney’s facility in providing our services and in fiscal year 2012, we will transition to our facility. During the last 12 months, we have continually exceeded the agreed upon service level standards and we are on track to achieve our revenue and profitability goals. In November 2009, we announced that we were exiting the clearing business and had entered into an agreement with Penson worldwide that provided for the sale of our clearing client contracts. We also announced that we are entering into a long-term outsourcing contract under which Broadridge will provide certain securities processing and back office support services to Penson. We closed the transaction this past June 25, and announced the execution of an 11 year global outsourcing services contract that is expected to generate $50 million to $55 million in annual revenue when all the Penson's clients are converted onto Broadridge's securities processing platform. The transaction is progressing on plan and we anticipate that the earnings for the outsourcing business will be a breakeven or better as we exit fiscal year 2011. In April 2010, Broadridge and IBM announced an information technology services agreement under which IBM will provide Broadridge with datacenter and information processing services. It is anticipated that the data center agreement will net Broadridge approximately $25 million annually over the 10-year contract beginning in fiscal year 2013. The data center conversion is in the early stages of implementation and is proceeding as planned. Broadridge and IBM also signed a business alliance agreement in April. The business alliance is structured to deliver a comprehensive portfolio of technology-based solutions and services to the financial services industry. The alliance has joined go-to-market strategy as a technology list by IBM and an application shift by Broadridge. The Combined Solutions Suite will enable firms to outsource more than non-core technology operations functions to IBM and Broadridge. We have meaningful opportunities in our sales pipeline that will utilize our alliance with IBM Now let’s turn to the regulatory update on slide 7. The Securities and Exchange Commission issued its concept release on the US proxy system in July. The concept release was seeking public input on three major topics, first ensuring the accuracy, transparency and efficiency of the voting process; second, enhancing shareholder communication and participation, and third, addressing a relationship between voting power and economic interest. The comment period closed on October 20. We believe the current system works well. However we encourage periodic evaluation of the system with a view towards enhancement. Broadridge submitted three comment letters and also submitted a summary letter. Our first comment letter addressed vote accuracy. Accuracy, reliability and transparency should be central consideration in any discussion regarding shareholder communications and proxy voting. This is particularly important in light of the complex requirement and at times different interest of the various participants in the proxy process including shareholders, corporate issuers, brokers, banks, transfer agents and regulators. In this regard, there were significant benefits including higher levels of participation from a voting process that is operated by reliable and neutral third parties. It’s given that if shareholders do not believe the proxy process is impartial, they will be less likely to participate because no one wants to play a game that lacks clear rules or if the referee is also one of the contestants. Broadridge helped achieved goals of vote accuracy, process integrity and transparency, and it’s consistently has been found to be extremely reliable. The aspects of the US proxy system administrated by Broadridge have been reviewed on numerous occasions over the past ten years. On every occasion, Broadridge's systems and processes were found to be reliable and accurate.. Broadridge's systems and processes undergo extensive testing and regular independent review. As a practical matter, the investment Broadridge makes in process performance and transparency benefit virtually all participants. The aspects of the US proxy system administrated by Broadridge are tested and reported regularly by internationally recognized firms such as the Deloitte & Touche and Grant Thornton as well as other respected independent third parties. Some examples include a big four accounts report on board accuracy is provided on a quarterly basis attesting to at least a 99 plus percent voting accuracy rate and a separate SAS-70 type two annual review of compliance with all New York Stock Exchange and SEC proxy rules. As with any process, there is always room for improvement and Broadridge is committed to contributing to such improvement. We believe several technological opportunities could improve the US proxy system as a whole. One example is end-to-end vote confirmation which is provided by Broadridge while we are both the registered account processor and overall tabulator for over a 1000 issuers today. We can expand this application to all issuers and can readily achieve this without changing shareholder privacy rules. Another example of the technological opportunity, is expanding industrywide, independent testing and reporting beyond Broadridge for all industry participants. Most importantly, all tabulators for systems accuracy and process performance, this will engender even greater levels of integrity, confidence and trust. Our second comment letter address process efficiency. The US proxy system was not designed in isolation. It supports the need of the most efficient and liquid markets in the world and ever evolving and expanding regulatory requirements. Broadridge’s systems and technologies which support the current industry clearance and settlement environment, create numerous significant efficiencies and conveniences for all constituencies involved in the proxy process. Some have argued that if they were simply provided with a list of an issue with shareholders, they could duplicate what Broadridge does. That is just not possible. The current Street clearance and settlement process has fluid reconciling items and omnibus relationships at any point in time which significantly complicate the proxy distribution and voting process. The current street clearance and settlement process is regarded as the most robust in the world and allows levels of participation at multiples of any other system in existence. The current proxy process was designed to support this and any recommendation that fail to recognize the rule of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, any participating broker and bank nominees will be digging a black hole. I would encourage anyone with additional interest or concerns regarding the accuracy and efficiency of the current process to review Depository Trust Comment Letter regarding the SEC's concept release dated October 25, 2010 which accurately details many of the criticisms of the current process are either not well founded or are factually incorrect. In their conclusion, Depository Trust states, “We believe the current proxy system functions well". We have invested over $1 billion in systems, technology and processing for shareholder communications and proxy voting over the past decade. The infrastructure Broadridge provides is state of the art. Every issuer large and small has afforded in advanced technology infrastructure. Every participant including custodian banks, broker dealers, institutional investors and individual investors as well as large and small corporate issuers is afforded robust information security and management. Corporate issuers are afforded numerous efficiencies and conveniences of technological innovation and processes that exceed the requirements of applicable proxy rules and the majority of these are provided to issuers at no additional cost. As a practical matter, the plumbing as a whole benefits from brokerages commitment to the investments in technology and service operations necessary to effectively support evolving proxy regulations, integrate levels of scale and integration that saves issuers and another partners, significant ongoing expense. Corporate governance cannot happen without the system that Broadridge has built. Our systems connect the vast majority of active investors with the vast majority of active registrants with incredible levels of accuracy and cost efficiencies. As we have discussed in prior presentations, we estimate that Broadridge today saves issuers approximately 1 billion annually in paper and postage costs through our extensive investments in technology. The total annual fees paid by issuers for street proxy services today are approximately $500 million or half the amount they save, that is why I confidently state, if someone will be willing to build it for free and run it for free, on day one it would only across the industry a half a billion dollars more than it does today. The proxy delivery and voting systems in place today to beneficial shareholders are a result of significant private sector investment. Broadridge is committed to making the significant ongoing investments necessary to maintain and build upon the extraordinary level of efficiency afforded to participants and the US proxy system. Our proxy processing system is supported by over a 150 dedicated programmers or continually improving and enhancing the system without any regulations requirement. The execution of this vision has created a significant chasm between where Broadridge is today and others who want to eliminate today’s street environment, but they cant even verbally pontificate what it would be. Our third comment letter address voting participation, affected participation requires a provision of communications and voting and ways that reflect beneficial shareholder preferences and choices. Broadridge's systems accurately and consistently tracks and applies shareholder delivery preferences to all investment and investor accounts. For example, if you sign up once for e-delivery every other investment in your account that you have today or in the future can be delivered via e-delivery. Issuers are afforded a variety of message to communicate, shareholders are provided a variety methods to vote without sacrificing privacy preferences. The technologies and processing applied to beneficial shareholder communications result in voting rates that are higher than those of registered shareholders. Overall voting rates among beneficial shareholders are high. However, voting participation among retail shareholders remain a technological opportunity. Broadridge and nominees have recently implemented several technologies that provide additional methods of communication that has a potential to foster greater participation. Broadridge has pioneered a client-directed voting solution being considered by the SEC in the concept release, a tangible example of how Broadridge innovations raise investor participation. We are continuing to explore other option such as enhanced broker internet platforms, investor to investor social network communication and pre-established individual investor of voting instructions similar to those used by institutional investors. Additional technologies are always being explored, the potentially most significant is Broadridge has developed a unique social network solution that we are highly confident will increase levels of participation, transparency and efficiency beyond what is viewed as attainable today. Through this unique social network, management could communicate with shareholders virtually and instantly at a lower cost than anything being discussed or in vision today. Boards could have a clear understanding of investor views and investors could participate on an information playing field, more level than anything ever discussed but certainly desired. In our final comment letter, I summarize our three previous comment letters and suggest that the hundreds of comment letters that have been submitted could be classified into three groups. First, there is some that believe with the SEC should move in the process back 45 years to when it was a direct issuer to investor model. Despite the fact that Street ownership was created to fix the scalability and accuracy issues of that model at a time when volumes were a small percentage of what they are today. For example, a conceptual proxy reform plan is rigorously promoted by some service providers who want a bigger piece of the pie, irrespective of the fact that the most impacted brokerage trade association, the most impacted issuer trade association and the industry’s clearing utility along with leading economists regarded this fluid and economically incoherent and indicate even as it could be executed it would result in higher cost of issuers, shareholders and nominees. Second, there are other participants that recognize that the US proxy system is fundamentally sound and that the system as a whole may benefit from certain tweaks or incremental improvements. Finally, there are those like Broadridge that recognize that the US proxy system is on the cusp of vast changes in the world around us, in demographics and technology. Technologies that address the needs of a highly mobile society and that create appropriate environment for social networking hold transformative potential. This can be made possible and make possible levels of participation, transparency and efficiency beyond what is viewed as attainable today. Broadridge is confident that it can make these possibilities a reality and as always we will verify its success and accuracy through leading independent audit firm reviews. For the past two decades, Broadridge has continually identified ways to improve the proxy systems accuracy and efficiency and implement these process improvements. The most significant thing you should take comfort in of everything I just said or the comment letters from the leading broker trade association, the securities industry and financial markets association, the leading issuer trade association on this subject, the Society of Corporate Secretaries and government professionals and of course Depository Trust. All support the current environment which leads open only the question of how quickly Broadridge will be able to further advance the process and what will be the fair return for our shareholders. It’s a when question, not an if. I will now the turn over to Dan who will go into more detail about the first quarter of fiscal 2011 financial results as well as full year guidance. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks Rich. I am now on slide 8, revenue drivers. Rich has already mentioned that historically, Q1 is our lowest revenue in earnings quarter. Having said that for the quarter we were pleased with our net new business growth as contributions from sales and losses are in line with our expectations. We are forecasting as Rich mentioned, a 160 to 215 million in closed sales this year of which a 110 to 150 million relate to recurring sale. Historically, about 25 to 30% of this value has impacted the current year, so most of the 3 to 4% contribution to revenue for the year we are looking for comments from prior year closed sales or another words, sales already closed. With respect to the forecasted loss rate of 1% or more appropriately, the approximately 99% client revenue retention rate, we have not been made aware of any new large client losses at this time, so we expect we will achieve our forecast. Internal growth in Q1 was at the lower end of our expectation. We experienced a pick up from the prior year with respect to all internal growth drivers except equity trade volumes and I will discuss in more detail when reviewing the segment. Event driven revenue, all in domestic communications space were expected to be down in Q1 and I will give more insight when reviewing the ICS segment. Distribution revenues which are primarily postage are directly tied to event-driven activity in the first quarter. Acquisitions this year should contribute over three points of growth and most of it coming from Penson and City Networks in the securities processing space and primarily NewRiver in the investor communication space. FX has been favorable and we are looking forward to continue for the rest of the year. And margins were down for the quarter due to the fall off in higher margin event-driven activity as well as the conversions of Penson and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. On a full-year basis, these same items along with the IBM IPO conversion cost of between 5 million to $10 million negatively impacts margins this year by almost 300 basis points. The good news is that event driven should at some return and the other strategic initiatives except for IBM are accretive as we move into fiscal year '12 and IBM in fiscal year '13. as we stated in August and I refer you to slide 22 in the appendix, that the first half of fiscal year '11 would be significantly below the fiscal year '10 revenue and earnings due to the above mentioned items. So lets go to the next couple of slides where I will go little deeper in the revenue and margins for the second. I am now on slide nine, investor communication and for details slide 23 which has a key stats I'll be referencing. As expected, total revenues in margins were down for the quarter and as previously discussed will down for the second quarter as well primarily due to the fall off in the event driven mutual fund proxy activities. With respect to recurring revenues, the quarter and expectations for the full year remain positive and that revenue drivers expected to attribute positively to grow for the year. We picked up three points of revenue growth from sales and are looking to continue this rate given our pipeline where we expect to add $40 million to $50 million to revenue for the year of which almost 60% has already been sold. Clients revenue retention rates remain over 99%. Stock record growth for both equities and interims were up over the prior year. We experienced a very strong quarter with interims, up 11% of which mutual funds contributed nine points and ETFs two points. Equities are flat to last year, but this is positive news and that last year at this time, they were down 7 percentage points. Our acquisition of NewRiver in September will add a point to revenue and is accretive this year even with the transition expenses. Although not pointed out in this slide, both access data and the stock transfer agent acquisitions are performing as our expectation and represents over 10% of our expected recurring sales contributions to revenue I mentioned just before. Now for the elephant in the room, and by elephant I mean it’s great when it’s up, but it’s tough when it’s down. Event-driven revenues were expected to be down this quarter, mutual fund proxies had the biggest impact for proxy contest and specials as well as corporate actions were down year-over-year. Total event-driven revenues came in just under 40 million for the quarter and we are forecasting full year revenues to be between 220 to 230 million. Our focus is primarily on mutual fund proxies as we move through the rest of the year as both mutual fund supplemental and pre-sale fulfillment look to be running at our estimated rate and we are expecting contest and specials to pick up as M&A activity increases. In August, I shared with you that our historical experience for mutual fund proxies was at the high end, a 100 million per year and at the low end 50 million per year. With Q1 at 6 million, some might just do an extrapolation and get very concerned. I don’t extrapolate for two reasons. First, quarters have never extrapolated, just look at last year when blew away even our expectations in the second quarter and there’s years of history to support extrapolations are not a good indicator. Second, there are larger deals in the pipeline that give me some comfort we should see better results over the next few quarters. We have lowered our midpoint by 10 million to 65 million with the same plus or minus 5 million in the ranges. Net-net, it comes down to we are one quarter into the year and way to soon to draw realistic conclusion for this fiscal year. We’ll look in February to better update you. Margins as expected were down in Q1 by just over 500 basis points and negatively impacted by the reduction and the event-driven fees which cost us almost 400 basis points and the impact from the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney conversion which cost us another 150 basis points. We are still forecasting a 20 to 60 basis points improvement for the year. And let's move to slide 10, securities processing and the key stats are again on slide 24. Q1 revenues were in line with our expectations with growth primarily coming from new sales and the two acquisitions and Penson and City Networks, offset by the carryover losses related to the Bank of America which accounted for the majority of the losses and do remember this is a loss that started two years ago. The two acquisitions added nine points of growth in Q1 and expected to add about 10 points for the year. Net new business which is sales less losses, slightly negative in Q1 and will be in Q2, but begins to build in the second half. Closed sales from last year and the first quarter of this year are being implemented and the losses begin to have less impact as hitting their anniversary date, so for the full year we are expecting net new business to contribute one to two points to our revenue growth. Again we have not been made aware of any new large losses. Internal growth for the quarter slightly positive impacted from some higher non-trade revenues and a pick-up in fixed income trades of 7% growth, but this was offset by a negative 3% impact on the equity trade volume. Margins for the quarter were in line with expectations and essentially unchanged from the prior year when you exclude the impact on the acquisition primarily the Penson conversion. We still expect to be at a breakeven run-rate as we exit our fourth quarter this year for the outsourcing business and should therefore pickup 14 to 16 million in EBIT in fiscal year 2012 over fiscal year 2011 forecast. Full year guidance at the high and low ranges for revenue and EBIT are all tied to internal growth being flat for the year or up around four percentage points driven by equity volumes. During October, we did see a slight improvement in equity trade volumes and we will revaluate at the end of Q2. Moving to slide 11, our full-year continuing operations guidance. We are reaffirming our guidance that we shared with you in August. For revenue growth in the range of 1 to 4% and as mentioned the biggest open question is around an expected rebound in event-driven revenues which will monitor over the next few months. Closed sales at a 160 to 215 million with recurring in the range of 110 to 150 million, margins of 14.6 to 15.2% and earnings per share of $1.55 to a $1.65, free cash flow in the range of approximately 170 to 220 million with 75 million in one-time activity from the reversal of significant positive working capital at the end of fiscal year 2010 and the additional capital for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, IBM and Penson implementations which we did share with you back in August. And our guidance does not include the effect of any future acquisitions, additional debt or share repurchases in excess of what's required to hit our 128 to 130 million weighted average outstanding share guidance. Rich, I will now turn it back to you.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to slide 12, before we go into the Q&A part of the call, let me summarize and leave you with a few more thoughts on how I feel about where we are and Broadridge's future. The businesses recurring revenues still remains a lagging indicator in this difficult economy, what is charting past to new clients and product opportunities. Across our product set, we have very good momentum, both in new product generation and successful sales execution. For example, we entered into the mutual fund electronic disclosure solution space with the acquisition of NewRiver. We are disrupting the stock transfer agency business with the acquisition of StockTrans and we recently announced an enhanced mutual fund proxy solicitation solution. Finally, even though the market conditions are difficult, we reaffirmed our full-year guidance for both earnings and closed sales. The SEC issued its concept release in July and the comment period has ended. Many have asked what the potential impact is on Broadridge. Notice and access and many other changes have historically had a positive to neutral financial impact on Broadridge. We are uniquely positioned to implement any process changes that the SEC chooses to implement. Today we are an indispensable partners of the process and we intend to continue to add more value in the future. By connecting the overwhelming majority of active investors, the overwhelming majority of active custodians and investing heavily to enable governance to take place beyond what the regulations require. Broadridge has put itself in an indispensable position which we are confident will evolve to the benefit of issuers for investors, regulators and our shareholder. The key broker, issuer and clearing corporation’s comment letters support of this view. Virtually all of our past success and future opportunities can be tied to culture, culture matters. We have tangible proof of having the most engaged associates in our space. We are consistently being recognized by independent organizations of having an engaged and motivated work force. Our existing business model and management are positioned to execute on our current communications and processing product set and build or buy additional mission critical functionality as the industry’s number one trusted partner. Broadridge is financially strong, we pay a meaningful dividend and we have opportunistically repurchased shares over the last two years. We have strong free cash flows and a low debt ratio that affords us the flexibility to look for strategic acquisition opportunities that will enhance our business. I would like to take this opportunity to personally thank our dedicated associates who worked so hard to ensure our success. We have the best associates in the industry and I sincerely appreciate all they do to make Broadridge number one in all we do. I will turn the call over to Suzan the operator and I welcome your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Peter Heckman with Avondale.
Peter Heckman: Listen, I guess based on the research that I've done, it's clear that Broadridge is doing a very good job in the proxy process, and I think you come to the conclusion that any major overhaul of the system would involve expense and risk. Now, that said, it appears that the SEC can lower costs for issuers by 20 or 30% with the stroke of a pen though by reducing the regulated fee structure and it's been 10 years since they've done that. In that time, there's been significant advances in automation, as well as a lot of proxies have gone electronic. So what do you see there? What do you see in terms of likelihood of a reduction in the regulated fee structure, and can you give us some idea of the magnitude and the timing of when that might occur?
Rich Daly: Sure, first of all Pete this even though from possibly your perspective this is a current dialog. For me this has been a dialog I participated in now for three past decades. So, the first thing you need to recognize here is the stroke of the pen of the SEC changes the broker fees, Broadridge charges the brokerage fee for the vast majority of what we do outside of the brokerage thing, so we charge them a fee for services and that fee for service is less than the SEC’s approved fee, the broker is entitled to retain and does retain that difference, but if the SEC lowers that fee, for the vast majority of what we do, it doesn’t change our fee or our contract. Now that’s a technical legal definition, practically it does have some impact in terms of our negotiations with those clients going forward, but here is the real thing you need to be thinking about. There is no one who can represent that the fees are always stated with any real support. Registered fees run at a multiple of which street fees run. In the free market we charge a multiple of what we charge in the street environment. The New York stock exchange who has the most oversight in this role before it gets to the SEC is paying us call it 10 times in the registered side per account then what they are paying us on the street side and they are doing that voluntarily versus using the services for their transfer region. Now we have been a very good corporate citizen and enabling corporate governance, transparency, efficiency accuracy to get to extraordinarily high levels, but our job here is to represent our shareholders and create shareholder value. When you have three fees that cover dozens and dozens of functions, most of which don’t have fees associated and many of which if not the majority don’t have a regulation requiring it. When we sit down at the table, we are looking to be appropriate but someone just saying well I can't prove to you that the rates are too high. As a matter of fact there is tangible proof the rates are artificially low, well we are going to arbitrarily lower them. In regards to protecting our shareholder, we have an obligation to say well we’d have to look at other things like things we are doing today that aren’t covered by regulation. I don’t expect it to get to that, our approach has been let’s talk about the total cost of the process, and the total cost of the process includes that billion dollars we already save people and there’s close to another billion we can take out with technology. Now most business people would say if it’s a $0.5 million in fees and we increase that $100 million or $200 million and you could save me another billion that’s a pretty good deal. That’s really the way I am looking a the world, there is opportunity both from a cost point of view, an investor participation point of view, but the execution and implementation on those technologies cost real money and our shareholders are entitled to a return.
Peter Heckman: Can you give us an idea of what the timing might be for when the SEC might come out with some conclusions?
Rich Daly: I think the SEC is doing an extraordinarily good job here. They are teaming up the opportunity to apply technology. Before you make any changes, it’s always appropriate to say does what we have today work and work well. So I think they asked all the right questions, I think they have gone to the right process and overall I am very pleased with the comment letter they got back particularly as I pointed out in the call the comment letter that matter the most. So I am hopeful that the SEC is going to view this the way we do that there is a opportunity with the technologies available today to go out and implement these technologies to really create those transformative benefits, I mean the social network where investors can talk to other investors, boards can truly understand what shareholder’s views are and represent shareholders and not be as impacted trying to represent public sentiment, is really what capitalism is about and anything can now transform the benefits, forget our Broadridge. I am talking about to our markets overall. So I am hopeful that SEC will view this as a unique technological opportunity and move faster rather than slower, but history says that these things can move at a wide range of speeds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Cooperman with Omega Advisors
Lee Cooperman: Just I want to focus in on share count and the strategy behind the buyback. On July 30, according to SEC filing, you had 126,733,000 shares outstanding and I was wondering what is the share count presently? And you mentioned your authorization, but it wasn't clear to me what is left on your authorization, so that would be the first question. What is exactly the share count presently and maybe add to that the dilutive effect of options outstanding, and what is the status of the current authorization in terms of what is left? The second question really is as important, or more important, and that is the number of companies in the last half a dozen years have made serious miscalculations in their repurchase decisions, and they've turned out to be, in retrospect, bad decisions. And I'm just curious, how comfortable are you in your decision to channel the money we're channeling into repurchase, if this is the right decision for those shareholders like myself that are not selling and therefore, enlarging our ownership of the company? And to give you a little hint and my view in this area, and we've discussed in the past, it only makes sense if you're buying back shares at a significant discount to what a strategic or financial borrower would pay for the whole business, or what you believe the business is worth based upon a, say, five-year budget that you have for Broadridge in your mind in terms of our growth expectations? So it's kind of both areas, if you can kind of elaborate on them.
Rich Daly: Okay. Lee, I am going to split the first question with Dan. I may have dropped a word I intended to use so we have 11.8 million additional shares available at this point in time. Yes, I drop the word additional and I apologize for that. I’m going to have Dan come back to share count but let me continue on the second part of your question which is as CEO my confidence in repurchasing, I am going to give you two points here that give me great confidence about Broadridge's future and our ability to create value or support, your question with two points. The first is when we look at what we did with IBM? What we do with Penson? What we do with Morgan Stanley? We make clear decisions to make investments today that although they are either hurting us today or not contributing today. They are going to start to give us meaningful benefit in 2012 and beyond. All right? I also believe at some point in time although our lagging indicator, we are going to catch up with a better economy, but most importantly when most of you have modeled out 2012 and beyond, it’s certainly a positive view based on what we know today. I will tell you another thing, Lee because you and I have had this conversation, when I look at the potential of acquisitions whether be tuck in or other, if the team comes to me with a I will call it a nice modest return of 15%, my comment here is not interested, I will go buyback shares because I am confident on our ability, on the path we are on to great value. I look at transactions going forward as a way to accelerate that, not just as a same old same old. So when we repurchase shares, we believe we are doing the right thing in the long-term interest of our shareholders as you know which I happen to be one and as you know I haven’t sold any shares,
Lee Cooperman: Now back to the videotape. Dan, what have you got?
Dan Sheldon: Yes so at then end of the quarter we will be at a [125.5] million shares and then there’s 3 million shares what we call the delusion aspect, stock options and restricted share.
Lee Cooperman: So unless you guys stop buying, you’re already, within your guidance, you've got 11.8 million left to go.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, that’s pretty much way to look at it. So let’s just say we are about a million to 2 million short of our goals because if you look at the 128 to 130, you have to know that also in February and March of every single year, we have more shares that come out.
Lee Cooperman: You may not want to respond to this, but if the stock was trading tomorrow at below the average price you paid and somebody wanted to sell you 11.8 million shares, do you have the financial resources and the appetite to buy it?
Rich Daly: As I have told you in the past, I am not going to tell you what the price is.
Lee Cooperman: You told me the price. You disclosed what your price you've paid to date
Rich Daly: I told this and I am not going to tell you what I am going to do with it as well. I certainly don’t want to enable anyone to have front runners. Okay. So my position is on what we do, we give you a clear view of what we did, why we did it and why we believe it was the right thing and I am going to leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jim Kissane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jim Kissane: Dan, just a quick question on the event-driven and kind of pushing you on your visibility there, so the 220 to 230 million, how much of that is actually dependent on M&A activity picking up in the balance of the year because it sounds like you've got pretty good visibility on the mutual fund side.
Dan Sheldon: Yes on the mutual fund side, I will tell you that on the M&A side there is another 22, to go is another 15 to $20 million. We are thinking that there is going to be 20 to $25 million for the year. And we came in at about $4 million this last quarter.
Jim Kissane: Okay. And if you go to Slide 22, it looks like the grow-over in the first quarter was bigger than you had originally thought. What happened there? And I am the first to admit that I missed it in the last slide for the fourth quarter.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, the way to think about that is where you see we call it the mutual fund, in the mutual fund space it was greater than what we had thought.
Jim Kissane: Okay. So it was activity from last year or was it activity that didn't come through this year?
Dan Sheldon: It’s activity that did not come through this year because we already knew what we are going to pick up and what we are going to pick from the prior year primarily was going to head us in the second quarter and we knew that was going to be light anyway in the first quarter and it came in lighter than what we have said as we’ll use it, as we have said we have a low point and a high point, we are hoping it would come in the middle and it came in at the low point.
Rich Daly: Jim, this is Rich. Having done this for a long, long time, the windows that we get to see how far out event-driven is going to happen, is only about 60 days. So I have been a hero and I am going to go at anytime in  my career over the event driven activity, but as I have said and it’s worth repeating here, I really like even-driven activity because it’s a very good CAGR over any period time, it’s just in particular quarter, you can feel really, really good or really, really bad but it really isn’t tied to the performance of the business. Mutual fund positions for the record also still continuing to grow and it’s slightly above 10%, so my confidence in event-driven revenue and that CAGR continuing as we go forward is very high, I just can’t tell you in which specific quarter
Jim Kissane: And Rich, can you touch on the M&A pipeline, and I guess is 15% the hurdle rate that you've got to generated? And in that context how does the pipeline look?
Rich Daly: I will give two views here Jim, there are certain deals that we do that are so strategic, that it’s the 15% is a good number, but you should view them as being pretty small. I will call it at the smaller end of a tuck-in. If we are talking about spending, at the higher end of the tuck in or even a little beyond that, I am not accepting 15% of buyback shares. It’s about accelerated revenue not just a little bit above what we have the ability to do.
Dan Sheldon: When we are looking at larger deal, we call these larger tuck-ins, we would absolutely be looking for also besides the higher hurdle rate, if you are looking for accretion.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut: Rich, what do you expect the SEC's final recommendation to be?
Rich Daly: I am going to answer that slightly differently because I have received call making me a commissioner as of this moment. The opportunity for the SEC to apply technology and address so many things that in realty the 143 new regulations don’t address, in terms of transparency is extraordinary. Think about what technology happens here in terms of the world we live in, we think about the way we get information, think about the way we disseminate information, the SEC has the opportunity to provide this to investors and in particularly around the social network, this would be the only meaningful network I am aware off, where only shareholders would be on and when you are speaking to another shareholder on the network whether it be investor-to-investor, management-to-investor or board-to-investor, okay? You would be doing it highly confident that you were talking to a joint investor. So we can achieve and also show network well we can achieve for our kids when they think that’s working to another 13 year old and could be talking to someone who isn’t 13 year old. So I think the opportunity is here, I am hopeful that the SEC will view it in the same way and I am very, very encourage by the way they positioned their concept release
David Togut: What is your sense for the retail investors and when do you think the retail investor comes back to the market?
Rich Daly: We had a few moments of encouragement over the last six months, the (inaudible) crash killed the first one and subsequent to that there’s been points here as well. I always say that’s a question I am thinking, that in your job you have got better insight to than I have in my job. I do talk to lots of clients, what I am encouraged by is that they are talking about all the products all right more actively, than involve communication products and processing capabilities as well 401-ks, annuities, et cetera, et cetera. So to think about this, this has been a really bad environment and more than 98% plus retention rate on a recurring revenue. When I said at the end, that was still a lagging indicator what we are not getting is a normal couple of point benefit from our recurring revenue, but we are certainly retaining our recurring revenue. I think we are well positioned and at some point in time, the markets have to come back unless people are going to be investing it with some 1% and putting case through college, saving retirement and buying houses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thanks a lot. Also appreciate all the disclosure. Just on the event-driven revenues, just a follow-up to Jim's question, just need a little more color on the pipeline it sounds like, there are some large mutual fund deals in the pipeline. So I'm curious, should we expect those decisions to be made sooner in the fiscal year rather than later? I'm just trying to get a better sense of when that might come through?
Dan Sheldon: When you think about what's left in the year and I am breaking both between the mutual funds and the overall event driven. We got to generate about on the total event another $100 million to $190 million to hit our goals for the guidance we give. By the way and this excludes last year's huge large two deals. We have average between a $180 million and $190 million in one year and that was back in 2009, did we see it as we are dropped of $20 million from that number. So that’s the worst we have ever seen. Going back to the mutual funds, what I would say to you is that I would expect we will start hearing some news in the second quarter and it will carry into the third and fourth quarter. So I look into the second quarter and say do I hope it's up a little bit we are tracking, we know some deals that are in there. But I think its going to be more heavily awaited for, when we get back together in February and talk we have a much clear idea as far as what ideals were out there, and what actually got closed because the thing we have to remember to it and again I want to come across positively. We hear a lot of noise out there and talk and people will then say I am going for with it or they may say I am going to put it on hold. For them to come in just stated last year in the second quarter I would say well we decided to ask all of our funds versus just a few day might have been discussed. What I will tell you is that’s not been in the pipeline and that’s why we pulled it out of this year's guidance anywhere near the high shares that we talked about last year. Okay or the other one time large deal. Once we are thinking we talked about larger deals are somewhere between $1 million to $2 million in revenue.
Rich Daly: And then there are two Dan I completely agree with everything you said and even though here at my level at the sales level, the sales commissioned level you are never comfortable and so its behind you historically because of all the funds out there, it was only about a third of the firms that will participate at any point in time but beyond that there are two additional hedges which really should give you long-term comfort, just not any particular quarter comfort, the two hedges are that the number of position is growing, so when the job does happen, it should be up 11% just from last year of the same job at the same time. The other piece is one of the key product initiatives that I mentioned, is that we have a new mutual fund solicitation product which is a proxy predictor model where we have a very small percentage of mutual funds solicitation, we think we will enhance our revenues significantly from that because we have a value proposition to the market place which will get them to climb faster, less anxiety than they have today and it’s really in the Broadridge model which is supplying technology to make the process that much more efficient, so again on a quarter-to-quarter basis until in any given year, over the goal line, we are all going to have some degree of anxiety. When you step back and look at the business fundamentals, it’s really something that should be growing and consistently growing over any period of time
Tien-Tsin Huang: Understood, understood. The SEC stuff obviously, a lot of questions have been asked already. I guess I'll just ask just the social network solution. I'm curious, what are the regulators, what is their response to this product? I mean, it seems like it cures a lot of the issues that are out there that some folks have, so I know you talked about it at length, but what is their response to it?
Rich Daly: I have actually had conversations directly and I was just going through my mind, I am relatively certain with every commissioner and of course Mary, the chair, Mary Shapiro. When you grow out something like that is always, this could be transformative but like any change or things that you say well gee maybe this could create too much dialog, may be this would allow an appropriate dialog, right? I believe that the upside is overwhelming and that through technology we can manage any of the concerns that have been raised to us. But the real benefit Tien-Tsin, is by taking out a billion dollars is great, and it could lead and certainly we get us closer to taking out the next billion. But if you think about the overall markets a $1 billion versus over the trillions of investments out there is not the meaningful thing. The meaningful thing here is everybody talks about the last financial crisis, the financial crisis before that, so Sarbanes-Oxley the 143 new regulation and they always talk about transparency. Where is the transparency in any of that? Its regulation, okay. this would create transparency that would be available to shareholders that would be available to management and will be available to boards. So think about if something goes wrong in the world today, how quickly the world knows. Or something goes right or wrong today? How quickly the world knows through social networking technologies, twitter et cetera. We are applying the same technology except if someone made the statement you make it only of the shareholder and if you made a statement we would know who you are and you would be accountable and if you made a deliberate false and misleading statement, you would be held accountable. That is so far beyond another network out there. So as you know I am very pumped about this. I will say I put this is in the win not just category because the benefits are so overwhelming and the world is already here, we are just trying to get corporate communications at the level with the rest of world already winter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Justin Hughes with Philadelphia Financial
Justin Hughes: Good morning. I think we've touched on this a little bit, but I just wanted to follow up on last quarter, you guys were pointing to $0.33 of grow-overs and then this quarter, you're pointing to 39. Why has that increased? And then second of all, you've maintained guidance. So I just want to understand what's making up that $0.06 difference? Is it the buyback or is it that the pipeline has improved in the last three months?
Dan Sheldon: I will give you the answer the first one, just the first quarter it is, the lower number is primarily due to lower than what we said or thought was going to happen in August, okay primarily event-driven, that’s what’s driving the difference, when we say why aren’t we changing our guidance, we will give you two pieces there, one is it is a bit to do with the share buyback, but very little. Most of it has to do, you heard us talk about NewRiver acquisition. Well I also mentioned that NewRiver is accretive. So therefore that helped pick up some of our business there as well very importantly as with most companies you go in there and you look and you say, okay, we can fix some risk, even take some of your expenses and maybe some of your expenses that you wanted to do, but you are not going to do, so we pulled those back in the remaining three quarters. That’s how we are still holding to the guidance. And very importantly we are still looking at this and saying an event-driven, we believe we will still pick up in the remaining three quarters, a 160 to 180 million in revenue, which historically has been there. And of course it's also the relative size of the first quarter versus Broadridge.
Justin Hughes: Okay. So it's $60 million to $80 million of event-driven revenue in the last three quarters of the year that you didn't have before and that's what's going to offset it?
Dan Sheldon: Actually you are right. What I am saying is if you look at history, we generated a $160 million to $180 million or $180 million to $190 million. So therefore we are saying we think that’s going to repeat itself and therefore not really higher than the prior year. If it's higher than Q1, the answer is yes.
Justin Hughes: Okay. And then my last question is a lot of us have seen the results out of Penson recently and especially last quarter. If Penson were to sell, let's just say they were acquired by a larger competitor, then what happens with your contract and your relationship with them?
Dan Sheldon: While we would expect very little since we have a 10 year contract. And the contract recognizes the importance of the relationship between Penson and us and the acquirer would be in a position where they would need to address a majority of the aspect of the contract.
Justin Hughes: So they'd have to buy you out of it. There's no change in control provision in the contract?
Rich Daly: That’s right.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) you have a follow-up question from the line of Peter Heckman with Avondale.
Peter Heckman: Hi, thanks for taking another question. I'm going to have to do some work here on these grow-overs. It's a little bit confusing. Just from a guidance perspective in the second quarter, the consensus is currently $0.19. Is that kind of within a range of what you are comfortable with?
Dan Sheldon: What I am saying is the way to look at this is to say that we said in the first half that we aren’t going to see much growth and you had to back out then what we showed on the grow-overs. So that’s how I would answer that question.
Peter Heckman: So last year, you did 30. Well, I'll have to, so you're basically thinking whatever you did last year, take out $0.23 and that's where we should be?
Dan Sheldon: And we will be plus or minus to that depending upon whether we see a pick up or somewhat of a slowdown. That’s the right way to look at it.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Rich Daly.
Rich Daly: We certainly thank you for all your questions. Dan, Rick and I expect and look forward to seeing you in the future. I am going to encourage you all to choose to have a good day. Although at the Lake Success will be a good day, but a wet and cold one. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions Incorporated first quarter fiscal year 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Rick Rodick – Treasurer and Vice President Investor Relations Rich Daly - Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jim Kissane – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Peter Dale – Omega Advisors Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital Milan Gupta – Southpoint Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Rick Rodick, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations.
Rick Rodick: Welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. This morning I’m here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge. I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued today. The earnings release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at www.Broadridge.com. I’d like to remind everyone that we’ve also included a copy of the key metrics on pages 30 and 31 in the appendix of our webcast for your reference. You may find these metrics helpful during Dan’s review of the financial results for each segment. During today’s conference call we’ll discuss some forward looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are discussed here on slide number one and we encourage the participants to refer to our SEC filings including those on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K for a complete discussion of forward looking statements and the risk factors related to our business. Before we begin I’d like to point out to everyone that as a result of the Penson transaction we announced in the first quarter, the clearing business is now shown as discontinued operations and our remaining outsourcing business has been merged into the Securities Processing segment. Also as a result of the reporting treatment of the Penson transaction the financial results discussed today will address continuing operations unless otherwise stated. Now let’s turn to slide two and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the third quarter fiscal year 2010 financial results and the full year financial guidance in further detail including a review of cash flows. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to slide number three and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly.  
Rich Daly: This morning as part of my opening remarks I’ll talk about the following topics. First, I’ll start with an executive summary of the quarter and year to date activities. Then I’ll provide an overview of our third quarter financial results, followed by a review of our strong closed sales performance and sales pipeline, and then a business update for our two segments. After Dan provides you more of the financial details on the quarter and a guidance update I’ll then wrap it up with my closing comments. Let’s start on slide number four. Our business execution remains strong, year to date closed sales were 41% higher than last year and client revenue retention rates were 98%. We continue to grow in all of our markets during this down cycle and we were recently upgraded by Moody’s due to the company’s continued strong operating performance throughout the economic recession. We are executing on our strategies. On April 1 we announced that IBM and Broadridge had signed both business alliance and data center outsourcing agreements. The Penson transaction is proceeding as planned and we anticipate closing the transaction prior to June 30, 2010. On March 9th we announced that we had entered the registered equity transfer agent market with our acquisition of StockTrans. We intend to be aggressive in this space by leveraging the more efficient street processing processes to the benefit of both issuers and shareholders. The Morgan Stanley Smith Barney transaction that we announced in November is progressing nicely as the performance under the contract is tracking ahead of expectations. We have assumed the legacy print mail fulfillment operations of Smith Barney and have also begun converting the Morgan Stanley legacy applications. Our high level of associate engagement and productivity was recognized when we were named the “Best Large Company in New York State” according to the new rankings issued by the “Best Company’s to Work For in New York Statewide Survey and Awards Program.” This is more than a big honor, this says our associates are the most engaged in the industry. Key recurring revenues have not yet rebounded as originally anticipated at the start of the fiscal year. Trade volumes, stock record growth and fulfillment continue to run at levels below last year; however, they have improved from the first half of our fiscal year.  Fortunately this year’s unprecedented increase in event driven mutual fund proxy revenues enables us to be within our original earnings per share guidance even though we are taking our revenue guidance to the low end of the range at about 7% due to market driven factors such as trade volumes and stock record growth continuing to run at levels below last year. As pleased as we are at successfully executing on a number of different and complex strategic activities, recognize that we are a lagging indicator and that the market is not yet back and therefore we’re coming in at the lower end of our revenue guidance. Until it recovers, as it always has, it will impact future revenue growth. Now let’s move to slide five. I’m pleased to report solid results in light of weak market conditions impacting our business. Revenues were up 6% for the quarter which was slightly below expectations. The revenue growth was primarily driven by the continued growth in event driven mutual fund proxy revenue and recurring revenues from the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney transaction.  Key market driven revenues continue to run at levels flat or below last year. Trade volumes, stock record growth and fulfillment continue to run at levels below last year; however, they have improved from the first half of our fiscal year. GAAP earnings per share were down from last year, as expected, primarily due to the dilutive impact of the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney transaction and the one time state income tax credit received last year. Now let’s move to slide six. Our closed sales for the year have been excellent. Year to date, closed sales of $130 million are up 41% from last year. Recurring revenue sales were up 32% year to date and event driven revenue sales were up 60% year to date. We expect to again have record closed sales for full year fiscal 2010. During the quarter we closed three significant processing sales to foreign based multi-national companies totaling approximately $15 million. They were three diverse securities processing solution sales and the majority of this amount was an outsourcing sale. Our sales pipeline continues to be very strong and we still have large opportunities in the pipeline for both segments. Investment communications continues to have extremely robust sales. Investment communications closed sales were up approximately 54% for both event driven and recurring revenue sales. Our confidence to achieve strong sales results in both segments still remains high due to the quality of our pipelines. I feel very good about our sales performance year to date and the strength of our pipelines. Our full year closed sales guidance of $185 to $205 million remains unchanged. Let’s not move to slide seven. Investor Communications Solutions is having another successful proxy season. Equity proxy represents approximately 25% of Broadridge’s total revenue. Although stock record growth is down 1% we are retaining our client and our service levels remain very strong. Notice and access penetration increased to approximately 52% this proxy season. Global proxy is up and we increased our number of US registered equity proxy clients to approximately 1,600.  This client base will be our key prospect list for our new registered equity transfer agency business we acquired during the third quarter through the acquisition of StockTrans. We will create a new transformative model that will leverage our unique street processing capabilities. We believe the current market size for the North American transfer agency space will be approximately $900 million. We intend to be aggressive and disruptive in the transfer agency marketplace. We now have approximately 1,600 registered issuer clients because of their need to service shareholders better in the annual meeting process. Many of those customers told us that we should consider being a transfer agent.  When we investigated it, we found the course to change our platforms to add the functionality additionally onto our platforms in our securities processing systems was not cost prohibitive. Beyond that we found that the basic flaw in the current model is that there is an attempt to keep the registered holder a registered holder. We’re going to the marketplace and saying to the issuer community, you should be focused on servicing shareholders and communicating with shareholders irrespective of what form of ownership they desire.  Very similar to what happened to mutual funds with sub accounting, we believe that the same opportunity exists here to go out and move many holders to become street holders. Our model with the issuer will not be a per account model but will be an overall model where we’re going to go in and drive costs out for them and get paid based on the overall service levels, not on an account level basis. So we will lower issuer course and raise investor service levels with a cost competitive structure that leverages our existing processing infrastructure. This also leverages our outsourcing group where most of this functionality is already being performed today at levels of higher complexity with brokerage clients which includes their record keeping and stock transfer activities. We continue to make progress on our mutual funds data aggregation strategy. We have identified additional data mining products and we’re having meaningful dialogues with the largest EPS of our creating levels of transparency unavailable and a cost effective way today. As we said last quarter, the financial crisis has created significant activity and discussions surrounding additional regulations. The proposed regulatory free form affecting proxy can only be implemented due to the strength and flexibility of the unique Broadridge data hub. We expect there to be continued regulatory change as there always has been.  Generally regulatory changes have been neutral to somewhat positive to Broadridge and we expect that to continue going forward. The complexity of regulatory change continues to make outsourcing to Broadridge an attractive solution, since we handle the cost implementation and on time development without ever failing. Now let’s please turn to slide eight. Securities Processing and Outsourcing Solution retention rates are high and we have had no new large concessions to date in fiscal year 2010. As I mentioned in the sales performance overview, we’re very happy that we closed three significant securities processing transactions and the largest was an outsourcing sale. There is an increased sales pipeline in SPS fixed income because of the number of firms considering becoming primary dealers. In trading terms the US Treasury market has been a sizeable market for the last decade, however, competition has been sparse. Recently there’s been a renewed interest in the market as Treasury issuance doubled in 2009 as compared with 2008. Issuance in 2009 was more than $2 trillion. A number of new dealers have come on board and none of the existing deals have dropped their primary dealership. We current process trillions each day in fixed income processing. Successful execution of our securities processing and outsourcing strategy will enable the segment to improve its margins. The majority of the economic benefit related to the IBM alliance will occur in the securities processing solutions segment. The alliance carries both top line and bottom line economic opportunities for securities processing. Let’s turn to slide nine. As you can tell, I’m really excited about the IBM alliance. The IBM alliance is a key strategic decision that positions Broadridge with the industry leader. The business alliance agreement is structured to deliver a comprehensive portfolio of technology based solutions and services for the financial services industry. The alliance joint go to market strategy is a technology lift by IBM and an application shift by Broadridge. The combined solution suite will enable firms to outsource more of their non-core technology and operation functions to both IBM and Broadridge combined. Broadridge is also outsourcing its data center to IBM. IBM is the recognized global leader in IT outsourcing services. Broadridge will be aligned with a technology provider that offers recognized market leading data center services. IBM data centers meet all of the highest standards of reliability, availability, security, and scalability as specified for Tier IV data center architecture, Tier IV being the highest standard. It is anticipated that the data center agreement will save Broadridge approximately $25 million annually over the 10 year contract beginning in fiscal year 2013. During the conversion and implementation Broadridge will incur one time costs of approximately $25 million during the conversion period of fiscal 2011 and 2012. Any transaction where you can spend a total of $25 million over two years and save $25 million annually for the next 10 years feels pretty good. Not I’ll turn the call over to Dan who will go into more detail about the third quarter financial results and our guidance update.
Dan Sheldon: I’m on slide 10 for our third quarter and our year to date results. Since Rich already addressed the revenue growth components for the quarter and year to date I’ll quickly go into just a little bit of detail on we’ll call it the EBIT margins. For the quarter, the margins were down two points mainly due to the forecasted revenue fall off in the securities processing business, as well as in investor communications the on-boarding of the Morgan Stanley deal and increased short term investments including some incremental sales commissions. The EBIT margins were down slightly year to date due to the positive impact from investor communications even driven mutual fund proxy revenue in the second quarter which was then offset by the Q3 activity we just mentioned. Our non-GAAP earnings per share was down for the quarter and up year to date due to the contributions from EBIT and share buy backs.  Let’s move to slide 11 and review our revenue drivers in a little bit more detail. On this slide, I wanted to refresh your memories on how the revenue drivers have worked in the past and how they are forecasted to look in fiscal year ’10. We use these drivers to build our forecast and forward looking revenue models. To the far left is the five year CAGR starting with fiscal year ’05 and includes fiscal year ’10. During this period we had growth in all years except the one down period we experienced last year in fiscal ’09 of -2%. The percentages to the right represent our actual year to date and forecasted full year view of revenue growth from the comparative period last year. As you remember, the fourth quarter is our largest quarter due to the equity proxy activity and this quarter represents over 30% of our revenues and 50% of our annual profits so that’s why year to date and full year can look different. With respect to the drivers, sales, this line represents the revenue generated from our recurring closed sales. Rich just stated we expect between $185 and $205 million in closed sales this year. Of this $135 to $150 million is related to recurring sales and the rest is related to event driven. Sales in the security processing and larger deals in investor communications can have insulation periods of up to 24 months and sometimes even longer. Therefore, the contribution to revenue from sales can stretch over a three year period including the current year. There is a chart in the appendix on page 26 to help you understand both fiscal year ’09 and ’10 closed sales and the contributions to the respective fiscal year revenues. Let’s move to client losses. This line represents the revenue we lose due to consolidations, clients who go out of business and very rarely to the competition. You can see historically that we’ve maintained a 2% loss rate or more appropriately have a client revenue retention rates of 98%. We also have not been made aware of any new large losses at this time. This high revenue retention rate is due to our market position, continued investments in the business and high client satisfaction survey scores. The next two lines in yellow; internal growth and event driven are and have been very important to our overall revenue growth and are tied to the markets we serve but are also very volatile depending upon market conditions. Internal growth, as defined in Note (a) at the bottom of the boxed area, is made up of equity and fixed income trade as well as time and materials in the securities processing businesses and equity and mutual fund stock record positions as well as statement and fulfillment activity in the investor communications business. Think of these revenues as same store sales. The drivers here have contributed as much as up to five points and down two points in any one year and the five year CAGR has netted three points to overall growth. This year we’re expecting total revenues to be negatively impacted one to two points due to the decreased level of trade volumes, stock record positions, and statement activity. Event driven, as defined in Note (b) includes mutual fund proxies, equity proxy specials and contest, as well as marketing communications and all are in the investor communications business. The drivers here have contributed as much as up six points and down seven points in any year. And the five year CAGR has netted one point to overall growth. The year we’re expecting three to four points of growth contribution and all due to the mutual fund proxies as the other revenues are down year over year. Historically both internal growth and even driven have moved in the same direction during the downturn in the economy or the beginning of a recovery. However, during this year we’ve seen event driven mutual fund proxies grow over 40% and that’s before the impact of the two large unprecedented jobs which drove mutual fund proxy growth for the year to over 150%. On the other hand, internal growth and the other event driven activity have been and still are down from the prior period but have been improving ever so slowly. As we mentioned last quarter, the $60 million in revenue and the $35 million in EBIT we go this year from the two unique mutual fund proxy jobs will most likely not repeat next year. Our guidance of around 7% revenue growth is at the low end of what we thought last quarter. We had planned to have a weak first half and then expected a larger pick up in the second half. Although there has been improvement from the first half we’re not yet experiencing the level of up tick we thought we’d get in the second half. Let’s move now to distribution revenues which are also tough to predict as they are more influenced by client behavior including adoption of notice and access and the movement to electronic activity. This year we’re expecting about one point in contribution to growth and almost all related to the mutual fund proxy activity offset by notice and access. Acquisitions and FX, on an historical CAGR basis have had no impact to overall revenue growth but this year each is contributing about a point. The acquisitions we made last year and this year have added around $20 million to revenues and given the Canadian dollar and the US dollar are at about par we’re expecting around a $20 million pick up over last year.  As we convert the Penson deal the revenue contribution will be recognized in this line. In fiscal year ’11 we expect to generate an incremental $35 million in revenues with an incremental negative impact to EBIT of around $15 million which approximates $0.07 of earnings per share. As Rich mentioned in the earnings press release, we are anticipating offsetting the EPS dilution with the repurchase of shares opportunistically. In summary, we’re pleased with our revenue growth contributions from sales and client retention. We are fortunate this year that the unprecedented growth in mutual fund proxies and benefit from FX are making up for the negative 1% to 2% internal growth and the decrease in other even driven drivers. We expect to continue to retain clients and grow through increased sales and acquisitions. We also expect our revenue growth to benefit from additional internal and event driven activity in the future.  We’ll continue to monitor the market trends over the next few months and assess the likelihood of growing over the unique $60 million in mutual fund proxy activity this year with incremental internal and other event driven revenues as we build our fiscal ’11 plan and provide for our fiscal ’11 guidance in August. Let’s turn to slide 12, Investor Communications. As usual, I’ll focus you on the boxed area. Fee revenues were up 13% for the quarter and 21% year to date and we’re now forecasting growth for the year of 15% to 16%. Both the quarter and the year were down from last projections by a couple of points due to less of an up tick in equity stock record and other event driven revenues like proxy specials and contests as well as mutual fund supplemental activity. As mentioned earlier, the good news is we’ve seen an improvement as compared to the first half. [Inaudible] lagged the market in a recovery period and we do know that retail activity has not rebounded yet. We are the majority of the way through our equity proxy season and expect to be down only about a point in equity stock record growth for the year and this is great news as in the previous quarters we were looking at a much larger decline. We’re very pleased with the sales growth in this space and retention is at 99%.  Margins were down 200 basis points for the quarter primarily due to the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney conversion which as mentioned before will have around 100 basis points negative impact to margins for the year. We still have about 18 months before it will be totally consolidated into our operations but once complete we expect $35 to $40 million in annualized fee revenues with margins above 20%. Margins were also negatively impacted for the quarter from increased sales commissions and increased short term investments. As we’ve said before, the majority of the profits for the business and for Broadridge as a whole occur in the fourth quarter due to the proxy season so we look at margins on an annual basis. I feel really good about the financial results in this segment as even without the two large mutual fund proxy jobs, fee revenue growth would still be in the 7% to 8% range. Let’s turn to slide 13. This slide includes the traditional securities processing businesses and does not include the outsourcing activity at this point, that will be on the next slide. We’re doing this for an easier compare until the Penson deal closes. Revenues for the quarter are slightly below our expectations. BoA has still not fully de-converted and has helped to somewhat offset the pick up we were expecting in equity trade volumes. In January the equity trade volumes were up but then in February and March back down to the 1.5 million trades per day level. Now in April the volumes on the equity side were up and retail appeared to be improving so no trend yet but we’re at least experiencing less shrinkage in Q3 then we had in the first half for both equity and fixed income trade volumes. On a full year basis we’ve kept the low end of the revenue and margin guidance about the same and reduced our high end slightly due to the expected less trade volumes. The good news here is that we’re expecting to be in a positive net new business position for the year; meaning that revenue from sales is greater than the loss business so now we just need the trade volumes to pick up. Moving to slide 14, outsourcing. The quarter, year to date, and full year are tracking as expected pre Penson. At the far right is our estimate of the quarterly run rate including phase one of Penson with $14 million in revenues and a loss of $8 million. The change in revenue and pre-tax losses for phase one from our Q2 guidance is better explained on the next page so let’s turn to slide 15. We’ve shared this chart with you before. Although phase one under column four will have about $10 million in less revenue and therefore a higher loss rate by $10 million, which is due primarily to the loss of the Neuberger business, we anticipate to still generate under column six, revenues of $25 to $35 million in phase two and less expense in this phase so we end up at the same pre-tax position in column seven of -$10 million to break even. When we add the recent sales and the anticipated future sales we expect to be heading towards $100 million in revenues and break even or better once we enter fiscal year ’12. Slide 16, other and FX. This chart is provided for your information and the biggest positive changes, as I mentioned, were with improved FX and also by the way, less spend in our corporate operations. Slide 17, cash flow. We still expect to generate between $235 to $270 million in free cash flow which is listed in the middle of the page. In the acquisition space we acquired StockTrans for just under $10 million, and we have tightened our expected freed up capital from the Penson deal to $210 to $240 million from the $180 to $250 million as we believe Penson will not require the $50 million for additional capital. When the deal closes in our fourth quarter we may not see all of the freed up capital by June 30th. But we do expect it all by the end of Q1 next year as we do need to wind down the assets and liabilities which are expected to take 30 to 60 days. With respect to the IBM deal, Rich already mentioned the $25 million in all forwarding and restructuring costs related to the deal of which we expect $5 to $10 million to hit as expense in fiscal year ’11 and will also incur an incremental $40 to $50 million in CapEx software in fiscal year ’11. On slide 18, our financial guidance. Our guidance is as follows. Revenue growth of around 7% as the only variables at this point are in trade volumes and event driven revenues which could push the percentage up a little or down a little. Closed sales remain at $185 to $205 million and include some larger deals we’re working on. EBIT margins look to be in the 15.8% to 16.2% range, and diluted GAAP from earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.58 to $1.64 and earnings per share non-GAAP which excludes the one time tax credit this year of $1.52 to $1.58. GAAP earnings per share including discontinued operations in the range of $1.36 to $1.42 and free cash flow remains, as I mentioned, at $235 to $270 million. Rich, back to you.
Rich Daly: Please turn to slide 19. In summary, we expect to end fiscal year 2010 with an EPS within the range of our original guidance we gave to you last August. However, fiscal year 2010 is turning out to be a different year than planned in light of the weak market conditions still impacting the recurring revenue volumes in our business. Fortunately event driven revenue offset these volume weaknesses that always return when retail participants return to the market. We have also had record closed sales which position us to achieve higher levels of growth and earnings when these market driven volumes return. Although there are some signs of retail participation returning, it is too soon to call. I remain confident about our future because of our consistent ability to execute against our strategy. Let me share with you some key variables that we’re successfully executing against that will lead to revenue growth and greater shareholder value. We have a 98% client revenue retention rate and we’re very pleased with this achievement. We also have outstanding service levels. This is directly related to the fact that in our space we happen to be the clear employer of choice and this is one of the reasons that we were recently named the “Best Large Company in New York State.” Our highly engaged associates are very productive and consistently deliver more for clients, which enables us to sell more products to existing and new clients. This is a clear part of why in this weak market environment we’re again having a record sales year. Our engaged associates continue to push and continue to view revenue growth as the priority in the way we run the business. We will continue to sell existing and new products to existing and new clients. We will find new tuck in acquisition opportunities to further enhance our profitable revenue growth. Let’s talk about tuck in acquisitions. We spun from ADP approximately three years ago and we’ve done approximately $70 million in tuck in acquisitions. We would have liked to have spent approximately $50 to $100 million per year on acquisitions.  I’ll tell you that we’ve looked at hundreds of possible opportunities. We remain very selective but that doesn’t mean that we don’t see an opportunity to create value here. It just means that we’re not going to go after something that if we own it, it’s not worth more. We’re not going to have a money is burning a hole in our pocket mindset. I really do wish we could have created more revenue and earnings opportunity through tuck ins beyond what we have done to date and I remain confident we will add clear value here in the future. We remain as confident as ever in our ability to generate free cash flow. We demonstrated that last year by doubling the dividend. Our dividend in our peer group is a meaningful yield. We believe it attracts a wider base of investors which we believe ultimately will serve all of our investors better. Let’s talk more about share buybacks. Our mindset was, is and will remain that we’ll repurchase shares opportunistically. Given the results that we have been able to achieve in a difficult market environment, once a normal market environment returns there will be significantly greater value potential to be created. We’re committed to creating long term shareholder value.  Now that the Penson transaction closing is imminent subsequent to the closing we anticipate opportunistically repurchasing shares to offset the $0.07 per share dilution the conversion process will cause over the next 12 to 18 months. Once the Penson transaction closes we will request Board authorization for additional share repurchases. Now let’s turn to slide 20. I am pleased with how over the last three years we have demonstrated we could successfully run a public company, evaluate our assets, reposition those assets, recognize the strengths of Broadridge and use our strong free cash flow to the benefit of our investors. We have recognized the opportunities that we have in our core communications business by expanding into the mutual funds space and now into the equity transfer agent space. Both our mutual fund and transfer agent strategies are game changing models, leveraging the long term success of street ownership and our remarkably strong position in the street ownership process. In our securities processing segment we identified an outsourcing market that would be unique and provide clients significant scale, functionality and cost advantages. We’re well on our way to having $100 million of revenue and incremental profitability in that space. We entered into a business alliance with IBM which created meaningful market opportunities as well as future margin improvement. All of these steps have positioned Broadridge to take advantage on a positive market environment returns. As I have stated before, our performance throughout the weak period relative to what our industry went through demonstrates, I believe, both the quality of Broadridge overall and Broadridge’s ability to navigate the most difficult market environments. I really do look forward to having a call in the future where we discuss how Broadridge’s executed just as well in a positive environment. The above achievements are tangible building blocks to create future greater shareholder value. Without having the most engaged associates in our markets we would not have fared as well through the downturn or be as well positioned as we are for when our markets return. I remain proud to be the leader of the Broadridge team and grateful for the sacrifices that our engaged associates make every day to make our clients number one. Broadridge is the number one employer in New York, number 17 in India, number 39 in Canada, and a company to watch in the UK. Long term, this is a sustainable differentiator. Dan and I are now ready to address any questions you may have. I’ll turn the call back over to the operator for the Q&A part of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jim Kissane – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Jim Kissane – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: A question on the event driven, because it seems to be pretty important swing factor for the next 12 months, do you think it’s going to normalize or stay elevated as you look at it?
Rich Daly: When we set out this year one of the key questions that people asked us was you’re planning on a big increase in event driven and then with the two key jobs of American Funds and iShares we would up being $60 million even over the large increase we had planned. As I’ve often said, I really like event driven because it’s our strongest CAGR, it’s just in any given year it’s very difficult to see out more than three months, six months the most.  There is a possibility of very strong activity next year over any period of time we believe that it will continue to grow because the mutual fund positions are growing even in this market. It’s very difficult to say specifically where we’re going to be next year at this point; we’ll have a slightly better view in August. Long term we believe that event driven in the mutual fund space will continue to be strong.
Dan Sheldon: The only thing I’d add on to that is the proxy specials and contests, there’s more M&A activity out there we would have hoped for a little bit more activity as far as the revenue goes but right now we’re not seeing any of it. The other piece that’s called mutual fund supplementals which means it’s not part of the semi-annual or the annual mailing; just haven’t been there this year. It’s really hard until we start seeing a trend to predict what we would think for next year. I think we all believe that it can’t go any further down so that’s what I’d leave you with.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer: I’m glad to hear that you guys are going to approach the Board to buy back shares. Is there a dollar amount that you’re thinking? The other question would be, given I don’t want to say lack of success, but limited acquisition opportunities that fit your criteria, does that make you more willing to buy back shares or you keep your powder dry with hopes that eventually you’ll see something out there.
Rich Daly: In terms of the buy backs, what we specifically said was we’re going to look to offset the $0.07 share dilution so you can do the calculation of about how many shares that would be. In terms of acquisitions, what I said was that we have had $70 million over three years versus a desire to do between $50 and $100 million. Again, with that said, we continue to actively look and I would like to believe that as we go forward we’ll be more successful in identifying targets that fit our space exactly as we would like it to and create better revenue and earnings opportunities. As we go forward we expect to be more successful there, let me emphasize though we’re not going to lower our standard and we’re not going to lower the fact that we’re going to remain very selective.
Dan Sheldon: Remember that last August we announced that we had $10 million authorization from the Board and we spent $6.6 million of that authorization so therefore that leaves about $3.4 million and we’ve talked about buying back shares to avoid the dilution from the Penson deal so obviously that’s why we’re talking about additional authorization.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I wanted to ask your thoughts on what happened last Thursday in the markets with all the volatility in the market obviously and what the implications would be for Broadridge from that, if any?
Rich Daly: I listened to the commentary on Friday, over the weekend, and even this morning, it’s still a highlight on the news radio 88 updates at 5:30am and 6:00am in the morning. First of all, Broadridge, our systems performed very well throughout that process, I’m pleased to state. In terms of what this means to our markets, I would expect that there’s going to be some changes at the exchanges and I’d expect that we’ll be well positioned to manage those for our clients and against it’s an advantage for our clients when something like that happens. Beyond that, this is something well beyond Broadridge in terms of a market making activity, the program trading activities, and the off exchange activity. I would expect that there’s going to be, if not regulatory activity, I’ll call it industry activity to ensure that the real companies don’t go to a value of zero because of imbalances.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I’m sure the additional volumes obviously helped. Glad also to hear about the additional share repurchase for the offset. Could you comment at all about your willingness to take on leverage to address the share repurchase?
Rich Daly: We now, as we mentioned we’ve been upgraded and we have the ability to take on additional leverage to create value. We don’t anticipate, because of the freeing up of the cash from Penson to have to take on additional leverage though to buy back the shares to offset the dilution at this point in time.
Dan Sheldon: I would totally agree with that. I think the other thing though, on the trade volumes, so everybody knows, those trade volumes on last week late in the week jumped up 20% so we went from $1.5 to $1.8 million. I’d love nothing more than that to stay at that rate but what I can really see out there is that the April time period we were talking to everybody where we saw a little bit of an up tick and a return of the retail side maybe right now we’re looking at two or three points of growth right now from where everything sits. Again we’ll wait and watch this week. I don’t think $1.8 million is going to be sustainable for any long period of time.
Rich Daly: I would add one other thing. We would like a stable market; we would like retail to return. I don’t think last Thursday did anything to help those events taking place, both a stable market and retail returning.
Dan Sheldon: Totally agree with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Dale – Omega Advisors
Peter Dale – Omega Advisors:   My question is not a lot different and similar to Ian’s question surrounding acquisitions. You’ve really focused over the last four or five months on the commitment to improve the top line growth. We see the StockTrans acquisition, that conveys alignment. Importantly you added Tim Gokey, distinguished background and reputation as your Chief Corporate Development Officer. I guess my question is this, is there something bigger out there on the acquisition front that looks more appealing, could we see something bigger than the tuck in acquisition thesis? I suspect it doesn’t change your view on dividends and share buybacks but can you elaborate.
Rich Daly: I’m delighted you raised the fact that we added Tim and it was probably an oversight on my part to not include that in the script. We believe we’ve been very successful in executing against the strategies and in my summary I highlighted a number of them which we feel very, very good about. That doesn’t mean we’re satisfied in that we don’t want to do more and by bringing in someone with Tim’s background and experience shows our commitment to create greater top line and earnings growth. The focus with Tim now running the strategy group and the M&A activities is to be even more successful as we go forward. Tim though will be part of the same mindset we have here which is we acquire something, we’re acquiring it because we believe when we own it it’s going to be worth more and we’re not going to go into space where we don’t have expertise in but we think with the expertise we have in both communications and securities processing there’s good opportunities and now it comes down to can we get those opportunities at a price that we believe would be attractive to our shareholders to create greater growth as we go forward. What you’re hearing is our focus and intent is greater than ever in achieving this but our mindset and how we achieve it isn’t changing.
Dan Sheldon: Onto that piece, was Tien-Tsin this ties back to what he was talking about with cash versus debt. We do feel that we’ve got the cash and the right amount of cash to what we think is appropriate with share buyback, especially in light of the Penson deal but also we’re going to make sure that we have room in our debt capacity for the tuck in acquisitions or other things that could come along.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:   Can you elaborate; you mentioned something about the IBM alliance also creating a top line opportunity, can you elaborate on what that would be?
Rich Daly: One of the things that we find in the outsourcing agreements is that although we’re taking over the systems and the people there’s a systems infrastructure there that sometimes is a challenge for the client to right size. What we believe is when we go in now to market with IBM as a strategic alliance partner what we’re actually going to be able to do is take over the systems, the people, and the infrastructure which really will create not only a very significant additional cost opportunity for the client but it will also create a far better way for the client to manage the transition. I’m expecting and planning on my calendar in the near future to be going out with IBM senior management to be visiting a number of large prospects where we both have strong relationships and we’d like to believe that this will enable some of these clients to be more confident to make the decision to outsource to both Broadridge and IBM as we go forward.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: If I understand you correctly, you’re saying basically that this is potentially removing a hurdle to the client wanting to outsource?
Rich Daly: Right now its systems and people, now its systems, people and infrastructure. That’s going to be very compelling and some significant see sweets out there.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Back to the buyback, it looks like you did not buy back stock during the quarter were you guys blacked out for some reason due to the Penson deal?
Rich Daly: We bought back a small amount. There were some issues about what we could or couldn’t buy. We run and get a much firmer handle on a clear closing on the Penson transaction, we remain very confident it’s going to close in this fourth quarter and we bought back what about 500,000.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Following up on a couple previous questions, you’re going to end the year with $500 million or something of cash or more and you got very little leverage so it does seem like you have the ability to do these kinds of acquisitions as you’ve done in the past even at a slightly better rate plus maintain a strong dividend policy, plus really buy back stock more than just offsetting the dilution from the Penson deal. Is there some reason why you wouldn’t be a little more aggressive on the buyback?
Rich Daly: We like everything you just said, we really think we’re well positioned to create value across all the levers that we can execute against which is the dividends, which is the buybacks, and which is the acquisitions. We’re going to look to manage those to the maximum benefit to create shareholder value. We have the options and we have the cash and because of our strong free cash flow we’re confident that we’re going to continue to have these options as we go forward looking to create value for the long term.
Dan Sheldon: Totally agree with you and I think you said the right thing, you said options. We’re looking at all three of the triggers; we look at the acquisitions, we look at cash we want to have on the balance sheet which we said should be approximately $100 million, and we’ve also said that we look at what buybacks would potentially be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Milan Gupta – Southpoint Capital
Milan Gupta – Southpoint Capital: Why is there a dilution associated with the Penson deal? I was under the impression that you guys are getting shares in Penson and then a subordinated note of consideration. Can you walk me through that again?
Dan Sheldon: There are two pieces; one is the sale of the contract and that is out there as far as you’re going to get probably a third of it which right now we’re using a range of call it $40 to $50 million so we think a third of it will come in the form of stock, Penson stock, and the rest will be in a five year note. When we’re talking about the dilution, what that is, is the run rate dilution.  If you remember what we talked about last period was there’s $50 million of expense right now that is sitting over is discontinued operations that as soon as we close this deal comes back into the operations. That was back on that slide that we can walk you through at a different time or offline. I don’t have the slight right in front of me but that’s when we called the evolution of Penson deal.  That’s the one that shows you that when we bring back in that $50 million it takes us through the time of conversion, by the way page 15, until it’s full converted, until such time that we would say we’d be at a negative 10 to break even on the bottom line. That’s what I think the two pieces are that you’re looking for.
Rich Daly: As you’ll recall when we announced the Penson transaction the thing that we were so excited about was that we would be exiting the clearing business and the conflicts that the clearing business had for a pure processing play like Broadridge. At the same time, at the end of that transaction we would have about $100 million in revenue in outsourcing and be well on our way to having incremental profit from that outsourcing. But we have to go through the conversion of Penson’s existing business and moving it onto our outsourcing platform which will take somewhere between 12 and 18 months after the close.
Milan Gupta – Southpoint Capital: What you’re saying is you’re offsetting a P&L charge but shrinking does not matter which is great.
Operator: I am showing we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: As always, Dan, Rick and I really appreciate your participation. We’ll look forward to seeing you in the near future. You guys choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s broadcast, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-08-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Marvin Sims - VP Investor Relations Richard J. Daly - Chief Executive Officer, Director  Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President 
Analysts:  James Cassan - Bank of North America Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital Vivian Mamlock - US Steel Pension Fund 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your questions to one per participant. I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Marvin Sims: Stephanie, thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter fiscal year 2009. As usual, this morning I’m here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge, and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge.  I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today's earning call and webcast can be found on the investor relations homepage of our website at broadridge.com.  As requested by some, earlier this morning our quarterly key metrics were posted on our IR website as well. We've also included a copy of the metrics in our appendix of our webcast for your reference, as they may be helpful during Dan's review of the financial results. Before we begin I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call we'll discuss some forward-looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risk. These risks are discussed here on slide one, and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those on Form 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risks. Now let's turn to the next slide and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide a summary of the financial results for fiscal year 2009, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the fiscal year 2009 financial results and financial guidance in further detail, including a review of cash flows. Rich will then return and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn the next slide and I’ll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Marvin. Good morning, everyone. This morning, as part of my opening remarks I'll talk about the following topics. First, a summary of our fourth quarter and full fiscal-year financial results, followed by a review of our sales performance for the year and sales pipeline. Then, an overview of our fiscal year 2010 financial guidance, and finally, an update on our capital allocation policy and how we plan to use our free cash flow to create long-term shareholder value. Let' start on slide number four. Overall I'm satisfied with the fiscal year results as the financial performance for the fourth quarter was in line with our expectations and includes an acceptable year. Our fiscal year non-GAAP EPS of $1.51 and GAAP EPS of $1.58 were both just above the midpoint of our May guidance.  Our revenue decline of 3% was at the low end of our May guidance due to lower equity stock record growth, somewhat offset by higher trading volumes in the fourth quarter. As I think about revenue growth for the year and I exclude the lower distribution revenues and negative impact from foreign currency exchange, we had fee revenue growth of 2% and fee revenue growth in all three of our operating segments. Our growth in recurring fee revenues has been one of the highlights for the business this year and was the foundation for growth during this challenging market, as it has helped to offset some of the decline in mutual-fund event-driven fee revenue for the year. All of our revenues for the year were down. Our non-GAAP earnings per share were up 6% as we benefited from lower interest expense and a lower recurring effective tax rate, related to the work we’ve done since the spinoff, to obtain recurring state-tax credits. We generated greater than $250 million in free cash flow which enabled us to internally fund two acquisitions, significantly pay down debt, buy back 2 million shares to offset dilution from our equity compensation plans, pay a dividend, and end the year with over $170 million in cash on our balance sheet. In a few minutes I'll discuss our proposed use of this cash and our future free cash flow when I review our capital policies. Let me put our fiscal year 2009 financial performance into context. We achieved our full-year EPS guidance, which we first issued last August just prior to the meltdown in the market, and this guidance remained unchanged throughout the crisis. Broadridge faired better in this down market than it did in previous down markets. This is due to the breadth of products which include a broader registered proxy offering, the expansion of our fixed-income processing capabilities, as well as our unique three-tier securities processing offerings. We have more products that never before and we add new products every year to create new revenue opportunities, even in a down market. Going forward, as we drive deeper into mutual fund solutions, take our investor network products to market which include virtual annual meetings and shareholder surveys, we'll even be better positioned both to face down-market cycles and take advantage of stronger markets. We had record employee and client satisfaction ratings this year, which helped us maintain our annualized 98% recurring revenue retention rate. And this includes the previously announced loss of Bank of America's equity processing business.  Overall, I believe our performance during these challenging markets has yet again proven the resiliency of our recurring revenue model. It's our recurring revenues, new sales, contributions from internal growth, and our high client retention rates that are the primary enablers of our future revenue growth. Now let's move onto slide five. We had solid sales performance during the quarter and ended the year with closed sales of $156 million. Our annual closed sales were just below the low end of our guidance. However, this performance still represents 5% growth over the record year we had last fiscal year. Overall I'm pleased with this performance and I'm particularly pleased by the greater than 30% growth we achieved in recurring fee closed sales, as this creates a higher revenue base to grow from in the future. When event-driven activity returns, as event-driven revenue has historically done after a down-market, this could enable even stronger growth. Closed sales and our investor communications business were $98 million, a decline of 10% over the prior year.  This decline was due to the significant drag created by lower event-driven mutual fund proxy sales. Recurring fee sales in our investor communications business were up 18% to $55 million, which represents higher sales in the transaction reporting, fulfillment, and registered corporate issue of product sales. With respect to corporate issuers, we've increased then number of clients this year from approximately 1,200 to over 1,500. For the combined securities processing businesses, closed sales increased 47% from $39 million to $58 million. The most significant growth was generated by a securities processing solutions segment where closed sales increased by 66%. This includes a $10 million sale made to a top-tier clearing firm that we used one of our ASP service bureau offerings. We also had solid performance in our clearing and outsourcing business, with closed sales growth of 20%, even though we didn't land any outsourcing deals greater than $2 million. Our sales pipeline continues to be robust and includes some promising large opportunities in all three segments. I continue to be encouraged by the type of conversations we're having with our clients and prospects, as the conversations around short-term cost cutting appears for the most part to be behind us. However, the sales cycle continues to be long and closing the larger strategic deals will be lumpy. We know that the length of the sales cycle for large opportunities, particularly for outsourcing deals, lack clarity. So let me provide a little more color around the dynamics in the market for outsourcing. When we first communicated the targeted market for our outsourcing offering, we had focused on firms that had the capital to be self-clearing, but were clearing for other clearing firms because they lacked the systems and the people expertise to be self-clearing. These firms were small to mid-size firms and the selling process was less complicated as this type of outsourcing was very strategic to the buyer and represented meaningful growth and brand improvement opportunities for them. These type of transactions are worth in a range of $2-$5 million, each annually, for Broadridge.  The financial crisis, in particular the credit crisis, created a major drag on the mid-sized firms as they became concerned about access to credit. The good news is that the market crisis made our already strong outsourcing offering even more compelling for some of the larger self-clearing firms. However, with larger firms and the resulting larger-sized deals comes a much longer and less predictable sales cycle as you're now dealing with much more complex negotiations and systems conversions. I believe this dynamic will create more opportunities in the long term, but it will likely require a broader offering, which we are actively working on. Broadridge, due to its unique multi-entity platform, is still the only company with the ability to offer an outsourcing option to the market at this time. For fiscal year 2010 we expect closed sales in the range of $165 to $185 million, which represents growth in the range of 6%-19%. As we did in fiscal year 2009, we're once again anticipating annuals sales growth as we come off a record year in closed sales. We expect another year of solid performance in our recurring fee closed sales with growth of greater than 10% in this area. Sales in any given quarter can be up or down from our internal expectations. Please keep in mind that historically our first quarter, which includes the summer months, can start off slow, and the last quarter, which is generally our best, can vary widely in any given year. We try not to overreact positively or negatively in any given quarter as each year always has its own unique set of twists and turns. Finally, despite the longer than normal sales cycle we continue to encounter for larger deals, I feel good about our near-term and long-term prospects as our pipeline remains robust with large opportunities for all of our segments. And once again, we were rated the number one outsourcing company in our space by Brown & Wilson's Black Book of Outsourcing.  Let's move onto slide six for an overview of our 2010 fiscal year guidance. Earlier I put fiscal year 2009 performance into context, and this context is important for you to consider as we move into fiscal year 2010. Overall, we expect fiscal year 2010 to be another acceptable year. Our revenues are projected to grow in a range of 4%-8% with modest revenue growth in the first half of the fiscal year and stronger growth in the second half of the year. Our growth in fiscal year 2010 will be led by our investor communications business, which is our strongest and most resilient business. We believe a continued solid growth of our recurring revenues and the anticipated increase in event-driven activity in the investor communications business will more than offset the revenue grow-over challenges in our securities processing business of $37 million in the first half of fiscal year 2010. Dan will go into more detail around the grow-over challenges. We're expecting fiscal year 2010 EPS in the range of $1.50-$1.60 which includes the EPS impact from the grow-overs I just discussed. The appropriate point-to-point EPS growth comparison is to compare fiscal year 2010 GAAP earnings with fiscal year 2009 non-GAAP EPS which excludes the one-time benefit from the gain on the purchase of our senior notes and the retroactive benefit of the one-time state-tax credit.  This comparison results in EPS growth in a range of flat to 6% as EPS goes from $1.51 in fiscal 2009 to a range of $1.50-$1.60 in fiscal year 2010.  We expect GAAP EPS growth in the range of -5%-1% or $1.58 versus a range of $1.50-$1.60, since we're not planning on any additional one-time tax benefits or senior-note repurchase gains likely experienced in fiscal year 2009. We expect to continue to generate strong free cash flow in the range of $235-$270 million. We anticipate that the lower range and high range of our EPS guidance will be driven more so by the key drivers related to event-driven revenue activity, and to a lesser degree by trades per day and margin debit balances.  I believe we're well positioned to meet our goals for fiscal year 2010 and I expect to exit next fiscal year with positive momentum, as I anticipate the performance for the operating segments will continue to be strong and not weighed down by grow-overs as we exit the 2010 fiscal year.  Now let's move onto slide seven and discuss how we're planning to use our strong free cash flows to create long-term shareholder value. Coming out of the spinoff, phase one of our capital allocation plan was to pay down debt to achieve our goal of a one to one debt to EBITDA ratio, a goal which we accomplished more quickly than we had anticipated at the time of the spin. Phase two of our capital allocation plan is to create greater shareholder value from our strong free cash flow. Given our free cash flow generation during one of the worst markets ever and the strength of our recurring revenues, even in down markets, we believe we're in a position to refine our capital structure. The framework of our capital allocation structure will consist of first maintaining our existing debt level which we've consistently stated as staying at a one to one debt to EBITDA level. Next we're doubling our annual dividend from $0.28 to $0.56 per share. This payout level equates to approximately 35% of our fiscal year '09 GAAP net earnings. In addition, our board has authorized a 10 million share repurchase which is approximately 7% of our outstanding shares. This authorization will be used to buy back shares opportunistically, including any equity compensation dilution purchases. And finally, we'll look to execute strategic acquisitions that leverage the Broadridge brand and distribution channels. In the investor communications business we'll look for acquisition opportunities where we can leverage our unique position in the marketplace. In the securities processing business we'll look for product acquisitions that further strengthen our offering as we leverage our number one brand and continue to create the tipping point and new reasons that will entice in-house processors to outsource some or all of their back office processing. Last quarter's acquisition of Access Data is a perfect example of the type of acquisition we're looking toe execute. It represents the strategic type of acquisition that leverages our industry-leadership position and offers a more complete industry solution around mission-critical processing, and at the same time creates a path for us to grow quickly. I really feel good about this acquisition. I am more confident than ever that in five years this business will generate $100 million in revenue in a market that was signed by independent third-party research to be over $600 million in annual revenue. The integration of Access Data is going very well.  As always, we continue to make the necessary investment in the business in order to drive internal product development and accelerate the launch of new revenue growth opportunities. In fiscal year 2010 we expect our new products to generate an additional 1% in fee revenue growth and account for approximately 15% of our fiscal year 2010 closed sales. This momentum adds to my confidence for the future. The future will always include regulatory changes in our core communications business. The latest change is the elimination of the 10-day, or so called broker vote. To enable corporate issuers to better manage this change, we're working on new initiatives that will enable greater voting participation by retail investors whose votes will no longer be generated by the 10-day vote.  Most regulatory changes require Broadridge to make changes to its systems, normally requiring us to perform additional functions and often creating new product opportunities. Regulatory changes have generally both increased the importance of Broadridge's role and improved our financial performance. We are expecting more regulatory changes going forward. I'll now turn the call over to Dan who will go into more detail about the quarter and full-year results for each of the segments. Dan?
Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I'm now on slide eight, our fiscal year '09 results and our fiscal year '10 guidance. You'll note the chart at the top of the page shows how the revenue drivers have, and are expected, to contribute to revenue growth for fiscal years '08, '09, and along with our guidance for FY'10. In fiscal year '09, revenues for both the fourth quarter and the year were down, but they were entirely the decrease driven by FX, distribution fees, and even-driven related to mutual fund proxies. Our recurring revenues from net new business and internal growth were positive for the year.  The trends over the last few years and our expectations for revenue drives as we've move into fiscal year '10 are as follows. Sales and contributions to recurring revenue have been increasing each year due to increases in recurring closed sales from existing products and the introduction of new products. As Rich mentioned, we had a record year in fiscal '09 with over 30% growth in recurring closed sales and expect to have greater than 10% growth in recurring closed sales in FY'10.  Losses--they've averaged over the last few years 2%, giving us a 98% revenue retention rate, even in these tough economic times.  Internal growth--it does better in bull markets than it does in bear, but the impact is not material on the downside, which we experienced in the second half of fiscal '09 due to the increased price concessions, drop-off in our time and material, and lower net-interest in our securities processing and clearing businesses. Given this, we expect to experience in the first half carryover headwinds into FY'10, which for the most part should be behind us as we enter the second half of our next fiscal year. With respect to event-driven, it's been flat to down, but given what we're hearing in the market, we expect to see growth as we move into fiscal year '10, and this is similar to what we've seen after a down year. Distribution revenues were down in the last few years mostly due to Notice and Access, and revenue postage mixes. With respect to Notice and Access, it created decreases in postage of approximately $60 million combined in fiscal year '08 and '09, but added new fees. And although the fee revenues are less than the postage revenues, the margin dollars are better on fees, so overall, a win for the business. With respect to FX, about 12% of our revenues are international, primarily Canada. And the US dollar was on the decline in fiscal '08 and gave us a positive contribution to revenues. The US dollar began improving in fiscal '09 and had a negative impact on revenues and margins. Our guidance here is based upon continued improvements in the US dollars using forward rates, but will have less than 1% negative impact to revenues for next year. As Rich mentioned earlier, given our revenue grow-over challenges as we move into fiscal '10, we expect modest revenue growth in the first half and stronger growth in the second. Net income is up in fiscal '09 for both the quarter and the year for both GAAP and non-GAAP, and is primarily due to the lower interest expense on debt and the effective tax rate for non-GAAP, and the same plus no transition fees, in fiscal '09 from a GAAP perspective. Margins are expected to be slightly down in fiscal year '10 due to loss of Bank of America and concessions, which are partially offset by increased margins in the investor communications business. Let's move onto slide nine, investor communications. FY'09 was a slightly down year for the business, but all due to event driven and distribution fees. So focusing on the recurring under fee revenues, you can see we ended fiscal year '09 at 5% growth and are looking at fiscal year '10 to more resemble fiscal year '08 with contributions from new business, with continued market share gains in transaction reporting, global and registered proxy, as well as our acquisition of Access Data. Additional positive impact is expected from investor network products as well. Internal growth is also expected to be flat at the low end of our guidance to mid-single digits at the high end. In previous down markets we've seen these types of ranges, and again look for bull markets in the future, where internal growth historically grew greater than 5%. Event-driven revenues were down 8% in fiscal '09, but all due to mutual fund proxies as other event-driven revenues like proxy contests were up. As for fiscal year '10, the growth of 18%-28% may seem high, but given mutual fund activity and history, this does not seem like an aggressive range. I would note that we expect the level of activity to begin to show growth in the second quarter and beyond next year. Distribution revenues are expected to be up due to increases in event-driven and US postal rate increases, offset somewhat by Notice and Access where we expect to do slightly better than our current 50% penetration on the low end or move up to 60% at the high end. Our margins were only up 10 basis points for fiscal year '09, and below our expectations, but this was all due to revenue mix. In fiscal year '10 we are expecting our margins to improve due to product mix and the impact of new products and businesses like Access Data that have hire operating margins.   Moving onto slide 10, securities processing, and if you're following on the key stats slides, that's also number 23.  We finished the fourth quarter with revenues ahead of our May guidance due to increased trade volumes, of which most fell to the bottom line. Revenues were down slightly for the quarter over last year, due to the BofA lost business and increased price concessions. For the year, revenues were up 4% with 8% contribution in the first half and flat in the second.  Our guidance for fiscal year '10 is for revenue to be down 3%-5%, due to the losses and price concessions primarily impacting the first half. Therefore, our first half will have high single-digit negative growth while our second half is expected to be low single-digit growth. When you look at the revenue drivers, which are listed on key stat slide 23, you can see the following: revenues from sales for fiscal '09 were strong at $40 million, and when annualized, equate to over a 7% contribution to revenues, and this is positive momentum given our historical run rate has been around 5%. We're very pleased to see a $10 million sale close in June as this was one of the large pipeline deals we were working on. Due to the implementation timing however, the $10 million won't start to hit revenues until fiscal year '11. Concessions and losses primarily impacted the fourth quarter in fiscal '09, so have three quarters of grow-over headwind in fiscal year '10. Internal growth, primarily trade volumes, is expected to generate a positive $11-$15 million in revenue growth, however these revenues are slightly more than offset by the falloff in our time and material work which we don't expect to see a recovery during fiscal year '10. As you look at the revenues for next year, most of it is dependent upon what happens with trade volume growth and concessions. At the low end we're assuming low single-digit internal trade growth and some additional concessions. High-end assumes high-single digit growth for trades per day. Our margins are totally dependent on a mix of trade and non-trade revenues, and new sales have lower margins due to implementation that our internal growth from trades lost business and concessions. This segment is forecasted to begin to have positive revenue on margin growth by Q4 of FY'10, once we grow over our losses and concessions which have the biggest impact in the first half of approximately $28 million and $12 million in the second half. Let's move to slide nine, clearing and outsourcing, and again, key stat slide number 24. Revenues in this segment were just over the high end of our guidance for Q4, and like with securities processing, it was due to trade volumes. Sales contributions to revenue both in fiscal '09 and '10 are strong with 26% in '09 and between 14%-17% in fiscal year '10. Revenue retention rate, still above 95% with just over a 4% loss rate in both '09 and in '10, and this is a testament to the quality of our clearing clients; they too have weathered the storm. Our biggest challenge last year, as well as for fiscal year '10, is net interest income, which his impacted by margin balances and fed fund rates. We are not forecasting any real change in either driver for fiscal year '10, and therefore we'll have headwinds in the first half of $7-$8 million, and not expecting to see profitability in this segment until fiscal year '11.  As noted before, every $100 million in margin balances adds $1 million to the top and bottom line, and every 25 basis points change in fed funds rate adds $700,000, again, all revenue falling to the bottom line.  Given normal periods, where fed funds average 4%-5% and margin balance is more in the +$800 million range versus $500 million today, there would be an additional $14 million to the top and the bottom line. As I've said before, I do look forward to more normal times. Our operating losses are expected to be greater in FY'10 due to the lower net interest revenue, all falling to the bottom line, and contributions from net new business, again, sales less losses, have margins in the 20%-50% range.  Also, Q4 of '09 had a $2 million in what we call year-end activity, so the run rate is a -$4 million per quarter for this business at this time. Let's move to slide 12, our other and FX. We're note expecting any termination fees in fiscal year '10, just like we did not see any in '09, so therefore, other fee revenues are zero. For FX, revenues and margins were expecting to have additional negative impact given the forward rate. As mentioned in the beginning, 12% of our revenues are international, mainly Canada, and forward rates indicate continued improvement in the US dollar. Sensitivity here for us is for every 5% change in the US dollar to the Canadian dollar is plus or minus $13 million for revenue and plus or minus $4 million for EBIT. When you move down to interest and corporate expenses they were in line with our forecast for the fourth quarter, and run rates approximate the midpoint of our fiscal year guidance. The low and high end for corporate expenses reflect variable investment spec.  Let's move onto cash flow, slide 13. I've reviewed before why we segregate out the clearing business financing from cash flow from processing business, so let's focus on the shaded column starting with the second column, fiscal year '09 — all other processing activities, where we ended the year at $252 million of free cash flow, which was the midpoint of our May guidance.  Moving down into the investing and financing section, during the year we used $114 million in cash to pay down debt to $324 million, which puts us in line with our debt to EBITDA ratio of one to one, including a cushion for short-term borrowing at clearing — so not expecting to pay down additional debt in the near future. We're also pleased with the recent increased of $75 million income netted bank lines, bringing our committed lines to $575 million. We did buy back 2 million shares during the year which was in line with the loosen created by stock-compensation plans.  Let's move to fiscal year '10 and the guidance range, which are the shaded areas to the far right. In arriving at free cash flow, the net income range is a derivative of the lows and highs I discussed as we went through the segments in other. Working capital range based upon timing of receivables and CapEx range mostly tied to new sales and timing of those sales. This brings me down to the investing and financing activities. Our dividend, 2X last year, and approximately 35% of our fiscal '09 GAAP net income. We do not give guidance on future acquisitions or amount of paybacks, and therefore you see no ranges for these line items.  Let's move to slide 14. This slide contains the major assumptions in our fiscal year '10 guidance and since either Rich or I have already covered the various parts of this presentation, I just won’t repeat them here, but give them here for your information. I'll now turn the meeting back over to Rich. Rich?
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Before we go into the Q&A part of the call, let me summarize and leave you with a few more thoughts on how excited I feel about the business as we look to our new fiscal year. I'm on slide 15.  We had solid performance during fiscal year 2009 whereby we maintained an achieved EPS guidance that we issued last August before the financial crisis hit. We had another record year in closed sales. We had great growth in our recurring fee closed sales, and our pipeline continues to remain robust with promising longer opportunities in all of our segments. As we exit fiscal year 2009 with positive momentum driven by the investor communications business and strong sales contributions in our securities processing and clearing businesses, we're well positioned for fiscal year 2010. We're anticipating revenue and EPS growth in fiscal year 2010 with modest revenue growth in the first half of the fiscal year and stronger growth in the second half.  In the first half of fiscal year 2010, we expect to experience a tougher compare as a result of a crossover impact of price concessions, the Bank of America equity processing business loss, and the impact that lower interest rates and widened balances will have on net interest income.  Our capital allocation policy will return meaningful cash to shareholders as we've doubled our dividend and have authorized a 10 million share repurchase plan. Even with the doubling of our dividend to $0.56 and share buybacks, our strong free cash flow generation capabilities enable us to continue to pursue value creation by building or buying profitable revenue growth. We'll look to create greater shareholder value as we execute strategic acquisitions that will leverage the Broadridge brand and distribution channels. Our focus in fiscal '10 will be to diligently protect and grow our market position across all segments, drive and grow sales by landing some very large deals across all segments, execute our operating plan and continue to drive strong internal growth in all of our businesses. Take to market the investor network which includes virtual shareholder meetings and other electronic investor products, accelerate the execution of our mutual fund strategy, and finally, in our securities processing businesses, we'll look to drive to a better proposition that will provide our clients with more flexibility and how they can take advantage of the efficiency and feature-risk functionality benefits of all of our offerings. Broadridge is well positioned for the future as we have a great product set led by the strength of our investor communications business that drives a strong and growing recurring revenue base. I believe our investor communications business is stronger and more resilient than ever, and although we still have some work to do in our securities processing and clearing and outsourcing segments, I also believe we have the right strategic focus and direction as we continue to execute our unique processing strategy. In addition, we have diligent expense management, a strong balance sheet, the appropriate liquidity, strong free cash flows that will enable us to continue to invest in this business, and a strong risk-management culture. Our product set combined with our strong sales pipeline and our new product initiatives will provide a clear opportunity to take Broadridge to a higher level.  I want to end and take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our associates, who remain dedicated, engaged, and focused, as we continue to find ways to create shareholder value through these challenging times. This past year, their commitment to the service profit chain and personal sacrifices to do more with less, have given us the foundation to provide customers better services, shareholders higher returns, and associates a more stable environment with a better future. I'm now going to turn it over to Stephanie the operator for the Q&A part of the call. We look forward to your questions and comments.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of James Cassan, from Bank of North America. Your line is open. 
James Cassan - Bank of North America: Great, thanks, and congratulations on the results. Rich, can you give a little more color on the 4Q processing win? Was this customer previous in house or was it a competitive takeaway?
Richard J. Daly: This customer was using a different vendor and because they have asked not to have their name disclosed, Jim, it's going to be a little tough for me to provide a lot more color. We are excited by this because the value proposition we offered them was more around the features and functionality that will enable them to run their business and grow their business better, which is what led to the decision. So it is adding all the new acts that we continually do, we have reached the tipping point here in this particular case.
James Cassan - Bank of North America: Okay, and Dan, a quick question; your confidence levels in the event-driven revenue for fiscal '10 sounds very high and it seems like it's all based on mutual fund activities. So you're not assuming any uptick in M&A activity until you sense that you could have faster acceleration or improvement in the revenues there? Is that the case?
Dan Sheldon: The event-driven, Jim, is focused on mutual fund activity. It is tied directly to the discussions we're in right now. The activity of those discussions is much stronger than it was last year.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. And Jim, I would add to that piece is when we are actually in dialogues with people, and then we know the large funds, and two of the largest ones are in active dialogue with us and even have scheduled jobs — that's what gives us the confidence.  What I would share with you, as I mentioned is, it'll be more in our Q2, Q3, and Q4, than you'll see anything in our Q1.
James Cassan - Bank of North America: Great, okay. Thank you very much. Congrats.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Zaffino from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer:  Hi, thank you, good quarter. Question is on the CNO business, what is the profitability we should look at? I mean I know you gave us some sensitivity as far as 25 basis points, $100 million change in margin balance, but we've been waiting a long time for this thing to become profitable — it's not profitable and you're not protecting any profits going forward for some time, and I understand we might be in a kind of a unique interest rate environment, but at what time do you — or at what point do you really fish or cut bait and just get out of it or look for some other alternative?
Dan Sheldon: Okay. So I'll handle the first part which is more or less the numbers and profitability, and I'll turn it over to Rich for more the strategy. You're absolutely right. When you look at the interest and it's all from the net interest and it's a combination of the fed funds and the margins, and that's why I gave the statistic. We don’t' expect anything to move there for the next year, so therefore we're saying it's going to be sometime in fiscal year '11 we expect profitability. I think the most encouraging thing, besides just what I call those internal growth features, is the fact that we talked about the $10 million deal we just signed. That is both the combination for the securities processing business of technology, and very important for new business into our clearing and outsourcing business. And again though, the implementation timing which all large deals take--it won't hit profitability again until fiscal year '11. So I say to you that fiscal year '11 is the year that we're looking at to start turning around, and as we said before, when you look at this business, clearing brings in about a 50% margin, the outsourcing brings in 20%-25% margin, and overall the rest is internal growth which we'd expect to see some improvement also on fiscal year '11.    Rich, I'll turn it over to you for the strategy.
Richard J. Daly: Ian, I absolutely respect and appreciate your comments. Our mission is to create shareholder value and any of our pieces that don't ultimately lead to greater shareholder value, we're certainly not wed to. With that said, the pipeline and the clearing and outsourcing space is more than 2X the total revenue of the clearing business right now. It's certainly the growth opportunity in the securities processing space that we have so we will continue to look for ways to accelerate growth, and if there is an opportunity out here to do something that would minimize these losses or move it to profitability more quickly, we're going to be aggressive in pursuing that.  But our strategy here is to take the industry and create this opportunity at the next level which provides the overall industry to a higher level of efficiency, and despite others trying to get into this space, we're still the only one that has this offering out there. So it's been tough, but we're still staying with the outsourcing strategy.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. So it seems to me that you view this as an integral part of your strategy, so what type of losses are you willing to sustain?
Richard J. Daly: We're not pleased in the position we are. In the last call I clearly stated in the processing space that we're not meeting our performance goals. We've done an awful lot of work since that call. In this call I stated that we've now identified ways to expand offerings and we believe we're on the right path. So I'm not really willing to sustain losses ever. I'm certainly not willing to sustain them for any sustainable period of time.  So we recognize the appropriate — and certainly your impatience, and we feel the same way here, but at the same time if there is an opportunity to get this to a tipping point and create meaningful value, we don't want to pass on that.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. All right, thank you very much. Good quarter, again.
Richard J. Daly: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Good morning. It's Tien-Tsin, and thanks for all the disclosure once again — very helpful. I just wanted to ask once again about, I guess pricing, on new sales in the fourth quarter and in general what your expectation is on pricing on new sales and renewals in fiscal '10 — if we could get some more color on that?
Richard J. Daly: All right, the pricing for the new sales was not material up or down in terms of any historical pricing we've done. The benefit we have is that because we're a skill business, any incremental revenue provides significant benefit, as we saw with BofA, any less of revenue provides a dramatic reduction to the bottom line as well. So I think I'm answering the question here. I'm not seeing anything materially different in pricing in the last quarter or as we're going forward.
Dan Sheldon: And if I could just add to that, I don't think it's so much of our pricing having to do with sales, the pressure we've gotten were on existing clients which we talked about before and we called those the price concessions. And as I mentioned, and I think this is very important and I want to stress it well, we said that over any period of time — we have seen this time and time again, when you go into a down market your concessions are higher than when you're in a bull market.  And when we looked at our concession this time we said we've resigned the majority of our clients, yes, we saw an increase to our concessions, but when I looked at when we get through that growth in the first half of next year, I expect to see the concessions really drop a little bit, and as a result still average our overall what we call, historical trend, of about a 3% annualized basis. Some years 1%, some years 4%-5%, and that's where we've seen the pressure. But again, not unusual in a bear market. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Sure, totally understood. I guess this is a follow on to that, what does it take then to get some of these new sales and that's in the pipeline — it sounds like in general it's quite strong. What is it going to take to get these deals across the finish line? I mean is it really a question of just focus or is it pricing that we're trying to negotiate — I'm just trying to understand that.
Richard J. Daly: For the large clearing and outsourcing deals, or I should say ASP and outsourcing deals, Tien-Tsin, the challenge is that the client needs to go through an internal conversion as well, and these are complex activities that require lots of senior management focus.  The reason I say we're encouraged by the dialogues is because after the initial dialogue that they have with all their vendors about I need a price reduction, if you're not satisfied with your performance in your run rate, things like going to a conversion, if it can dramatically take out nine digits of expense from your run rate, is something you're more willing to have than with a bull market where the conversation is more around just keeping up with all the revenue growth opportunity you have and pushing your existing providers or in-house providers to give you new apps to take advantage of revenue opportunities.  Right now the focus is still very, very strong across the industry on expense management.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Gotcha, okay. So I'll be looking out for the deals. My last question is just if you could just walk us through your expectations again for the stock record growth and trade volume? I just wanted to better understand the visibility and the confidence level there. Thank you.
Dan Sheldon: Okay, so let me answer that one. When we looked at July and going into August and I’ll start with the stock-record growth — I think first of all I'm going to take you back to the fourth quarter. When we looked at the stock record growth, and yes, we were down a few percentage points. When we kind of break that into the tiers of we'll call it the large caps versus the mid or small, the large caps were actually up and it was the small and mid-cap that were down. And we've seen a little bit of that carry forward here, but we also have seen where the large caps have continued to be strong. So therefore that's why we say okay, last year was a -2, we're looking at next year anywhere between flat to a +2 and nothing more or less.  And moving onto the trades per day, the biggest thing there is to be thinking about we've said at the low end in the 4%-5% kind of range and at the high end the 8%-10% kind of range. And again what we've seen is in the summer it's very difficult to gauge because in the summer months trading always falls down or off, however, we feel pretty comfortable that we at least at the low end would definitely make.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stefan Mykytiuk from Pike Place Capital. Your line is open.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:  Good morning. Just I guess a few questions. You addressed the visibility on the mutual fund event driven, those are really — your optimism really is based on concrete discussions as opposed to just hoping it materializes?
Richard J. Daly: Absolutely.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay, terrific. The clearing and outsourcing business, maybe I remember this wrong, but it seems to me like despite the fact that the way you break this out you're actually losing money in clearing and outsourcing, I seem to recall that you guys really from a strategic point of view look at this as part of the securities processing offering and therefore we really should look at those businesses combined because it's part of the strategy of how you go to market and how you approach clients and the breadth of the services you offer them. Am I remembering that wrong or--?
Richard J. Daly: You're absolutely remembering that correctly. We view it as running two businesses; a communications business and a processing business. Right now we're at a point where the losses that we have in the clearing and outsourcing space are somewhat offset by revenue that's in the processing space, but in context with the other statements made, we at this time when we disused this in our original strategy, expected to be further along and have profitability contributions in both reportable segment, the clearing segments and the SPS space, by this point in time, which we don't have. Now, margin balances are down, the trading activity is down, we have the things going on here, but nonetheless we are in business to create shareholder value and in this space we have not accomplished that yet. We have made changes over the last quarter in the way we're going to approach this and we hope those changes will bring value.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. But what you're saying is that your big opportunities from your revenue growth point of view for the combined securities processing and clearing and outsourcing really is coming from that outsourcing business.
Richard J. Daly: Right, that's correct. Without the people from clearing we can't offer the outsourcing. And those are our — in the total pipeline of the large deals that we have across all the segments, the largest amount of pipeline is because we have the outsourcing capability.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah. And I would also add to that piece of it, I think what's very important — and the reason we break out sales, losses, and internal growth for everybody is when you ask the question strategically and you look at this business and it's driving 26% revenue growth, call it from sales, and next year somewhere between, as we called it, 10%-14%, and we only have losses of 4%, that's the real value that we look at because we know the internal growth piece will come back when the markets come back.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Right, okay, great, thank you for clarifying that. Lastly, just in terms of the — I think Rich made a comment that you had $177 million of cash on the balance sheet at June 30 and I'm seeing 280, are you just kind of stripping off the cash sitting in the clearing and outsourcing business?
Dan Sheldon: Absolutely. The correct way it was 172 call it what we have available to use, and the other 109 is all related to the clearing business.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And so it brings me to the last piece which is if you generate, call it 250 in free cash flow again, you're going to spend, call it 70, on the dividend, and be left with 180 — assuming you do some buyback, I guess if you did the whole buyback in a year then that would be all the free cash, but how should we think of — I mean if you’re not able to find acquisitions, what are you going to do with the surplus free cash flow?
Richard J. Daly: The commitment is to generate shareholder value through our free cash. So I would be disappointed, Stefan, if we didn't find any acquisition. So as a matter of fact, internally I would use a different word that disappointed. And so we believe we're well positioned right now with a far clearer policy as we go forwards, but acquisitions we expect to be a part of that. Think in terms of the type of acquisition we did with Access Data.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And in terms of how it affects the business and also in terms of how much money you're spending?
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. You shouldn't be thinking we're going to go out and do a mega deal. You should be thinking that we're looking for things that when we put it into the Broadridge engine through our distribution channel and our processing capabilities and our brand recognition, that we should be able to take a good product that the market needs that doesn't have significant market penetration and accelerate it for the benefit of our shareholders.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Right. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Vivian Mamlock from US Steel Pension Fund. Your line is open.
Vivian Mamlock - US Steel Pension Fund:  Hi, good morning. Could somebody walk me through what your implementation process is for outsourcing, what the up-front commitments are from a capital perspective and how that works along the timeline until you get to a point where everything is up and running and you get to the 20% and 50% margins that you were talking about.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. I think the most significant thing about this, Vivian, is going to be the timing. So if someone was to sign a deal today, then we're going to need to understand in detail what the conversion plan is. We put significant effort into understanding exactly what their system does and what pieces of their system, for example the desktop, are they going to leave in place. We do all the mapping to enable a desktop to stay in place so that the brokers the day after the conversion won't see any disruption. It will look exactly as it did the day before the conversion.  Those things take time. In some cases they want us to do work to give them a better desktop. In some cases we're making investments to do that. In all cases we are making investment as it relates to getting the conversion accomplished. So the timing on this can go back in history when we did the lean-in conversion — that was a rather large transaction, that took nine months. Some conversions can take 18 months depending upon the gaps and the functionality that the client is looking to add. The more functionality they are looking to add, the more investment we're making until we actually start to generate some revenue. Dan, why don't you talk about the accounting of that a little?
Dan Sheldon: Yeah. Well, let's talk about the cash flow, which I think was the real question in that piece of it. So, Rich has already mentioned that the deal can take up to a year to implement and I’m using a year because it can be the six months or the 18. This one, (inaudible) we're talking about at $10 million is going to be about a year out. Those type of deals at $10 million do not require significant cash on our side to implement. If we ever did a significant large deal, or I should put it more appropriately, when we ever get a very large deal like we did when we talked about RBC, as we're talking about that deal we'd also share with you could that be using up $10-$20 million worth of our free cash flow, and the answer would be pretty much yes. If you think about that, it would be in the same kind of frame thinking of a major acquisition call it a $45-$50 million kind of acquisition. That's how we think about some of those very large sales and that's how you should be thinking about a $10-$20 million usage of cash.
Vivian Mamlock - US Steel Pension Fund: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Daly, I now turn the conference over to you.
Richard J. Daly: Well, we certainly thank you for your participation. Dan, Marvin, and I, are going to look forward to seeing you over the next month or so and thanks again for being with us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-05-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims - Vice President Investor Relations Richard Daly - Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Marvin Sims: I’d like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter of the fiscal year 2009. I'm Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual this morning I am here with Richard Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge. I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at www.Broadridge.com. At the end of today’s call, as some of you have requested we’ll also post our quarterly revenue metrics on our IR website as well. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call we will discuss some forward looking statements regarding Broadridge that involve risks. These risks are discussed here on slide one and we encourage participants to refer to our SEC filings including those on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K for the complete discussion of forward looking statements and risks. Now let's turn to the next slide and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter, followed by a discussion of a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the third quarter financial results in further detail including a review of cash flows for the quarter end. Rich will then return and summarize the fiscal year 2009 guidance and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to the next slide and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly.  
Rich Daly: This morning as part of my opening remarks I’ll talk about the following topics. First, a summary of our third quarter financial results and the reaffirmation of our 2009 fiscal year non-GAAP EPS guidance and the increase in our GAAP EPS guidance. Next, an update on the current market dynamics including the latest update on industry consolidation and how to put these dynamics into context for Broadridge. Finally, a review of our closed sales performance and our sales pipeline. Let’s start of slide number four. Give the current economic environment in the financial services market we’re satisfied with our results for the third quarter. Our third quarter performance for our GAAP EPS and non-GAAP EPS were better than expected. Our GAAP net earnings for the quarter are up 39% and our non-GAAP earnings are up 15%.  Our positive earnings performance was driven primarily by the growth in the higher margin recurring fee revenue, the benefit from the state tax credit granted this quarter, lower interest expenses and the positive benefit this year from the grow overs related to the one time transition expenses from last year. For the quarter we had fee revenue growth of 2%, with fee revenue growth in all three of our operating segments. However, when you factor in lower distribution revenues and the negative impact from our foreign currency exchange our revenues for the quarter were down 4%. As we look forward to the remainder of the year we are increasing our full year GAAP EPS guidance range to $1.52 to $1.62 from our previous guidance of $1.49 to $1.59 as a result of the $0.03 EPS benefit related to the one time shore from the state tax credit from our previous fiscal year. We are reaffirming our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.45 to $1.55 as the negative impact from lower event-driven mutual fund proxy activity and the impact from lower margin balances and unfavorable trade volume mix primarily in our Clearing and Outsourcing solutions segment are being offset by the recurring benefit from our state tax credit. The state tax credit will lower our effective tax rate by approximately one percentage point and will continue for the next eight years. We’re reaffirming our revenue guidance of flat to -3% which reflects the negative impact from foreign currency exchange, lower event-driven mutual fund activity and lower distribution revenues resulting from Notice and Access. We’re also anticipating higher free cash flow with a new range of $230 to $270 million which is $20 million higher on both the low and high end of our previous guidance. We anticipate lower needs of cash for working capital and capital expenditures. Now let’s move on to slide number five for an update of the general market conditions. For the most part the headwinds and uncertainty we’ve discussed in our previous quarters remain in the market. However, we have not seen an increased intensity of these headwinds. All of the headwinds we discussed in our last earnings call back in February are for the most part playing out as anticipated.  As expected, we’ve also seen event-driven mutual fund proxy activity decline as well as a reduction in the revenue contribution coming our trades per day growth. In addition, we’ve seen a larger than anticipated decline in our margin lending balances. It continues to be difficult to predict any short term increase in margin lending balances or trading activity. As firms focused on obtaining immediate cost savings the added pricing pressures we had anticipated from the headwind did materialize. The impact from this pricing pressure is within our forecasted range for concessions of approximately 5% of annual revenue and the SPS segment. This annual rate is approximately 2% above our historical average rate of about 3%.  At the end of our current contract renewal efforts we will have 11 of our top 15 Securities Processing clients under multi-year contracts. For the other four clients two more contracts are expected to be signed before the end of the fiscal year. Another client contract has about one year remaining on its term. The last client is Bank of America which I will talk about more in a minute. Despite the short term challenges generated by these market headwinds we continue to see long term opportunities being created in all segments and we continue to have active dialogues around these opportunities. However, the sales cycle has been longer then anticipated in our Outsourcing services as a result of the complexity created by the economic conditions related to mergers and liquidity concerns. With regard to the latest news on industry consolidation in the financial services industry last quarter I told you that we were winning about as much as we were losing but overall we’re in a net revenue and market share positive position and that the Bank of America and Merrill Lynch transaction was the last unsettled piece of the recent industry known consolidation activity. Although Bank of America remains an important Broadridge client, due to its acquisition of Merrill Lynch it has decided to perform its institutional equity securities processing in house on the acquired Merrill Lynch system. We’re anticipating that on an annual basis this decision will result in a negative impact on Broadridge’s annual revenue of just under $20 million. The Bank of America loss will turn our previously slight net positive revenue gain resulting from financial services industry consolidation into a negative revenue and earnings position. Despite the negative impact on revenue our overall net client retention position in our Securities Processing and Clearing and Outsourcing segments is at least as good as it was prior to the recent industry consolidation. I believe this will continue to position Broadridge well in the markets as we move forward. Now let’s move to slide number six and talk about the positive impact being created by some of the tailwinds in the current market. One of the biggest positives we’ve seen in this market has been the resilient and positive performance of the Investor Communications segment which represents over 70% of Broadridge’s revenue and earnings. This segment has been able to continue to grow recurring revenue by approximately 7% so far this year despite the challenging economic environment. As a result we’ve created a much higher revenue base to grow from when event-driven revenue activity returned as it has always done historically.  We’re seeing a leveling off of the decline in event-driven mutual fund proxy activity and were even having conversations with a few firms about potentially mutual fund proxy jobs in this calendar year. So it’s good to see signs that they’re at least starting to think about these activities. We’ve also seen a slight positive benefit coming from other event-driven revenue areas related to M&A activities. We continue to believe that we have longer term up side opportunity here when more merger discussions and subsequent deals come back into the market. Another tailwind has been the anticipated movement to electronic communications and the reduction of hard copy delivery driven by increasing suppression rates and higher adoption rates for our Notice and Access services. As a result, we’re seeing a reduction in the low margin distribution revenues being offset by higher margin revenues associated with electronic communications. This fits nicely into our unique ability to provide a total integrated communications solution for our clients. An additional tailwind we’re seeing is that although most firms initially were focused on obtaining short term price concessions they are now in a position to focus on longer term strategic cost savings opportunities. We’re seeing these opportunities in our sales pipeline and they include the potential of some very promising large deals. In a minute I’ll go into more detail about this during my update on close sales performance. Accordingly with these opportunities in the market and the changes that will undoubtedly occur as a result of more regulation we continue to make investment sin the business. In our Investment Communications business we’ve created and are continuing to work on some new and exciting products. Just recently we announced that Intel launched the use of our new Investor Network product and its Shareholder Survey functionality as well as our virtual shareholder annual meeting capability. Now let’s move on to slide number seven and talk about the sales tailwinds. We had closed sales for the quarter of $30 million which were slightly lower then we had expected as the decision timelines for deals in our pipeline were pushed out. Our year to date closed sales of $110 million are up 5% over the prior year. We’re still tracking to our full year closed sales forecast of $160 to $180 million. Achieving this will hinge on landing some of the exciting larger opportunities that are in our sales pipeline. Our year to date closed sale performance for recurring sales continues to be strong as closed recurring sales of $82 million increased 61% over the prior year. In addition, closed recurring sales were approximately 75% of our total closed sales. We believe this trend will continue for the balance of the fiscal year. This is very good news for the long term given our successful history of client retention and the importance of growing recurring revenue. Our sales pipeline remains robust and includes some promising large opportunities in the Transaction Reporting business in our Investor Communications segment as well as in our Outsourcing business. It’s again worth noting that for Outsourcing sales we have seen its sales cycle lengthen as a result of liquidity concerns created by the current economic conditions. Of course it’s always difficult to predict when these opportunities will close. We’re also seeing some very encouraging sales activity around our Wealth Management Services which includes products that we obtained as part of our tuck in acquisition of Investigo earlier in the fiscal year. We continue to believe that the combination of our year to date sales performance and our robust pipeline puts us in a position to deliver our full year closed sales forecast of $160 to $180 million. Let me tell you how I feel about where we are before I hand it over to Dan for more detail on the third quarter. After I consider the impact of the headwinds and the tailwinds I believe our Investor Communications business is stronger then ever but we have some work to do to get the Securities Processing and Clearing and Outsourcing segment to meet our satisfaction. Overall, I remain confident that we’ll leave these challenging times in a better position then we entered them. I’ll now turn the call over to Dan who will go into more detail about the quarter and the year to date results for each of the segments.
Dan Sheldon: On slide eight the results for the quarter and year to date our revenues were down 4% for the quarter and flat year to date. We continue to have a positive impact from net new business while internal growth in event-driven pretty much are offsetting each other at this point and with respect to distribution and FX they continue to be a drag. As Rich mentioned, our three operating segments all had fee revenue growth for both the quarter and year to date. With respect to our pre-tax margins for both the quarter and year to date were up and driven by lower interest expense, no transition expenses this year, and reduction in discretionary spend as well as benefits from lower stock compensation expense due to our stock price in the third quarter. Our EPS was up significantly for the quarter due to both benefits from pre-tax margins I just discussed and a $0.05 contribution from our state tax credit. By the way, $0.03 relate to a retro credit back to FY08 and $0.02 year to date benefit which for the full year will be $0.03 and as Rich mentioned contributing 100 basis point reduction to our effective tax rate which we expect to continue for the next eight years. We continue to look for federal and state tax incentives as we balance our presence in the US and various state jurisdictions versus offshoring opportunities. With respect to our credit rating agencies I’m pleased to report that S&P upgraded up to BBB- with a positive outlook and Moody’s maintained our BAA2 with a stable outlook rating. We meet with Fitch in June but would expect to maintain our BBB with a stable outlook from them. This means red investment grade ratings with all three of our agencies. Let’s move on to discussions of the segments starting on slide nine. There are lots of data points on this slide but let me first focus you on the boxed revenue area. Fee revenues were up for the quarter and year to date and are forecasted to be up for the year. Most importantly recurring revenues were up greater than mid single digits and we expect that to continue for the remainder of the year. We’ve seen year date and expect full year that all recurring revenue products will have growth and it’s a combination from both net new business and internal growth. With respect to net new business which contributed 4% to the quarter and 3% year to date we expect the contribution on a full year basis to be between two and three percentage points. Also, Notice and Access fees represent about two points of the recurring revenue growth both year to date and for the full year.  Event-driven revenues were down year to date and all due to significantly less mutual fund proxy activity which also has a negative impact in Q4 due to a large job last year that won’t happen in FY09. On the event-driven positive side equity proxy content and other event-driven activity have been up slightly year to date and expected to be for the remainder of the year. Moving down to distribution revenues, the biggest impact both year to date and full year is related to Notice and Access and lower event-driven revenues. We expect Notice and Access to have an option rate of about 50% and this is up from just under 30% last year. This will mean just over a $30 million negative impact to distribution revenues and an increase of about $11 million in recurring fees with a net up side contribution to the margins of around 40 to 60 basis points. Most of this activity occurs in our fourth quarter during the proxy season. With respect to margins, the incremental investments we made in the business in the first half had very little impact in the third quarter but year to date negatively impacted us by just over 100 basis points and will on a full year basis have a negative impact of about 50 basis points. On a full year basis we expect margin expansion between 30 to 90 basis points and this is driven by Notice and Access, increased suppression rates, the electronic distribution versus mail and lower discretionary spending. All in all, this business has performed well in this down market and we don’t see anything that would change the performance as we move into the next few months. Let’s turn to slide 10, Securities Processing Solutions. As we expected our revenue growth rate for the quarter was up but has slowed due to less trade volume growth as well as increased losses and price concessions in the second half as compared to the first half which were also expected. Our non-transaction revenues were up for the quarter due to year end and T&M activity which we expect to see fall off in the fourth quarter given the industry is pulling back on spending. You can see under the internal growth bullet that we continued to have some equity and fixed income trade per day growth this quarter but below what we were averaging in the first half and we expect this lower growth to continue into the fourth quarter. Last quarter I shared with you that we expected higher contract price concessions and they are now just under 5% of annualized revenue. This is hitting us primarily in the second half as most of the contract resigns were finalized this quarter. As well, we had forecasted in the low end of our guidance for this segment last quarter that we would lose the Bank of America equities institutional business and this has now materialized and has the greatest impact to Q4 and into next year. As Rich mentioned the annualized value is just under $20 million. The margins are down from last year for the quarter due to the lower capitalization of conversion expenses we’ve discussed before as well as losses and concessions fall 100% to the bottom line where new business comes in at 60% to 80% margins. Given the year to date results and full year forecast ranges you can calculate we’ll end Q4 with less revenue and operating margin then the average of the last three quarters which creates a drag into next year.  Given the current lower market activity around trade volumes and time and material we call T&M and the fact that large sales take at least 12 months to implement we’re looking at next year being a down year for this segment.  Having said that, I’d like to put this into perspective. We finished the first half of this year with 8% revenue growth primarily coming from increased trade volume. Although not continuing into our second half or possibly into next year on a long term basis trade volume growth has average over 10% and this includes up and down markets. Where in up markets it can be 20% and down markets near flat.  Having said that, with respect to concessions we said last quarter that over any long period of time we average about 3% negative impact to annualized revenues, in up markets less and down markets more. This segment is the systems technology foundation for our three tier outsourcing strategy so we’ll weather the storms during this economic downturn. Let’s turn to slide 11, Clearing and Outsourcing Solutions. We generated 3% revenue growth for the quarter, 4% year to date, and expect 3% to 4% for the full year. We segregated our revenue in this segment into three categories; net interest, other clearing, and outsourcing revenues. As you read the bullets you can see that we continued to drive significant net new business in this segment. Just over half is related to the Neuberger sale which closed in the first quarter. Our continued challenge to revenue and margins this year has been the drop in net interest due to lower fed funds rates and margin balances. Net interest drops 100% to the bottom line where new business contributes about 50% in this segment. For the quarter and year to date we’re down net interest by $4 million and $12 million respectively and expect to be down for the year approximately $16 million. Operating losses for the quarter of $2 million are really closer to about $4 million given the offsets of some one time benefits we had this quarter. Having said that, our Q4 projections for revenue and pre-tax around $24 million in revenue and $4 million pre-tax and our fair representations of the run rate for this business before we have any new business or any other plus or minus impact from changes in margin balances or fed funds rate as we move into fiscal year ’10. As I mentioned last quarter, I look forward to an up market where we should benefit from increased margin balances and interest rates since we’ve maintained our client retention in this business at over 95%. Let’s move to slide 12, Other and FX. Again, we’re getting you a lot of data points you’ve asked for but I’m only going to focus on just a few. FX continues to be a drag on both the revenues and the margins and we expect it to continue into the fourth quarter. Corporate expenses are shown at $7 million for the quarter and $23 million year to date with a full year range of $29 to $35 million.  Once you adjust for plusses and minuses and one time activity primarily this quarter benefits from stock compensation expense given our low stock price for most of Q2 and into Q3 the run rate is about $9 million a quarter or $36 million on an annualized basis. Let’s move to slide 13, Grow-Over discussion. Again, nothing new and only some changes in the timing with stock comp expense between Q3 and Q4 along with an additional benefit full year given some stock comp expense as I mentioned on the previous page. Let’s move to slide 14, Cash Flow. For the nine months you can see that the Clearing business is in a positive cash position and our balance sheet at March 31st has no short term debt. As mentioned in the Clearing section, margin balances are down significantly so little need for short term borrowings at a quarter end. With respect to all other processing activities, earnings contributions were $106 million year to date and represents around 50% of our full year forecast. There’s nothing really new this quarter versus last quarter with respect to changes in line items year to date for free cash flows, investing, or financing activities.  As Rich mentioned, for the full year we’ve increased our free cash flow forecast for both the low and the high end by $20 million due to reductions in working capital and CapEx needs for this year. I’d also point out that these are all timing differences for the long term projections. I still consider that working capital uses will grow in line with revenue and CapEx and software purchases will approximate $50 million in the year term. As I said last quarter, this is my favorite slide and is always going to be a good news slide given our recurring revenue model and over 97% consolidated client retention rate. I’ll now turn it back over to Rich.
Rich Daly: Let me review and summarize our fiscal year 2009 guidance on slide number 15. We’re reaffirming the revenue growth guidance we gave last quarter which was in the range of flat to -3%. We’re anticipating revenue growth at the lower end of the range primarily as a result of lower event-driven mutual fund proxy activity, a reduction in distribution revenues, lower growth related to trade, mix and volume, as well as lower customer margin debit balances.  Despite this, we’re still expecting overall fee revenue growth in the low single digits and mid single digits growth in recurring fee revenue in our Investor Communications Solutions segment. We’re expecting our earnings margins before interest and taxes in the range of 16% to 16.9%. As I mentioned earlier, we expect GAAP EPS in a range of $1.52 to $1.62 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $1.45 to $1.55. This excludes the benefit of $0.04 for the one time gain on the purchase of our senior notes during our first fiscal quarter and the $0.03 benefit from the state tax credit related to our prior fiscal year. We expect our closed sales to be in the range of $160 to $180 million dependent upon closing some larger deals in the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate will be approximately 38% as we benefit from the recurring portion of our state tax credit. Finally, we’re expecting free cash flow to be in the range of $230 to $270 million. As I stated earlier, this is higher then our previous guidance by $20 million on both the low and high end. In terms of our use of free cash flow, as I stated during our February earnings call most of our free cash is generated in our fourth quarter. We’ll provide a clearer direction on creating shareholder value with the use of free cash during our fourth quarter earnings call in August. Until then you should continue to think about us looking for potential tuck in acquisitions, continuing to pay a dividend and balancing our liquidity needs accordingly. We clearly understand that by August clearer direction is necessary. Before we go into the Q&A part of the call let me summarize and leave you with a few thoughts on how I feel about the business as we continue to navigate through these unprecedented times. Broadridge is continuing to weather the storm better than many would have anticipated. Our third quarter EPS was better than expected and we continue to see growth in our fee revenues. The Investor Communications segment remains resilient and continues to perform well as recurring revenues continue to grow. Bank of America’s decision to perform their equity processing in-house combined with higher then average contract renewal price concessions along with lower margin balances and interest rate spreads will create a drag on our fourth quarter for the Securities Processing and Clearing and Outsourcing segments. Offsetting the headwind drag is the growth of our Investor Communications segment along with signs of life in the event-driven revenue activity and our growing sales pipeline. The investments in the business have begun to introduce some new and exciting products into the market like the Investor Network used by Intel to survey its shareholders. I continue to believe that Broadridge is well positioned for the future as we have a great product set led by the strength of our Investor Communications solutions. We have a strong and growing recurring revenue base, vigilant expense management, a strong balance sheet, the appropriate liquidity, strong free cash flows that will enable us to continue to invest in the business and a strong risk management culture. The deals we have on the table plus the incremental opportunities in the Investor Communications business make me more confident then ever in our long term prospects. I believe our product strength combined with our strong sales pipeline and our new product initiatives will provide a clear opportunity to take Broadridge to a higher level. I’d like to take this opportunity to personally thank our associates who remain dedicated, engaged and focused as we continue to find ways to create shareholder value through these challenging times. I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for the Q&A part of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: The Outsourcing revenue was down sequentially. Could you please break down the various components that lead to this decline? The Clearing and Outsourcing on a sequential basis was down. I just wanted to see what the components were.
Dan Sheldon: If you look at the third quarter and you see that, you go from the year to date where at about $52 million so revenues are down a little bit slightly but what’s really impacting us here in the third quarter is the margin balances are down almost $200 million as well as we saw in our trade volumes, although you see the volumes up when we look at the mix on the retail side which are the smaller retail folks they were way down and they bring us on a contribution as far as trade per day a much higher rate then what we’ll call more of our institutional side. Think about it as rate in the trade area as well as the fall off in the margins.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: I believe it was the exact opposite to the previous quarter.
Dan Sheldon: Yes.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: Are there any other customers that are deciding to make strategic decisions, do you know of any acquisitions that are out there? Things like Bank of America deciding to use someone else’s platform are there any other companies that are making such strategic decisions at this point?
Rich Daly: I used the word specifically that the B of A/Merrill was the last decision we were expecting from the known consolidation activity. In terms of firms that have come together at least in any material way I’m not aware of any other decisions that need to be made at this point in time. Since all the other big transactions not only have been decided but we were actually very pleased the way we came out in those decisions.  We’ve now reached the point though where the initial push for short term cost savings from existing clients has taken place and what I am pleased by is that in our sales pipeline its grown because there are now larger discussions taking place and more discussions taking place with firms that are looking for significant alternatives to lower their run rate infrastructure and are willing to consider both outsourcing their system or even complete outsourcing of their system and the people behind the system.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: Any discussions with the Government regarding Securities Processing, fixed income?
Rich Daly: We have not had any discussions with the government. We’re still waiting with great anticipation for what regulations will come out from the government due to the unprecedented times we’ve gone through.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: I think I remember that you talked about a 60% option rate of Notice and Access in the previous quarter and I think you just mentioned 50%.
Dan Sheldon: What we said last quarter was the range would be 50% to 60% and we’re now giving the fact that we pretty much know what’s coming in the door we’re at the 50% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer: What’s up with the investment grade rating, can you give us an understanding of what an investment grade rating does for your business, obviously lower borrowing costs but help us understand the rest of that. What type of metrics when you speak of the ratings agencies are they looking at for you to maintain that type of rating and what type of flexibility will you have going forward?
Rich Daly: With regard to the investment grade rating we stated from the time of the spend that given the fact that we were providing mission critical services to the industry we viewed having an investment grade as being a strategic imperative. We didn’t say it needed to be AAA or anything super high but we said we wanted a solid rating a solid investment grade rating which I believe we’ve now attained again. Its mission critical functions and I have had dialogues with many prospects about the comfort that they get from us having that investment grade rating.
Dan Sheldon : With respect to metrics let me give you a couple of pieces here. Most of them follow us as far as the type of industry we’re in, concentration of clients as well as business metrics we’ll call those the financial. In the first two they’re very happy all of them in saying you hold your own you’ve got good high retention rates and you bring in new business. As far as internal growth they fully get it, that there will be high periods when the markets are up and lower periods when they’re down. With respect to the financials again with our recurring revenue base very happy with. The only place they really spend a lot of focus on is with respect debt to EBITDA. What I’d share with you is the agencies for the most part do not include cash on the balance sheet when they come up with their debt to EBITDA so what they’re looking for is we’re already there now but over any long extended period that we would keep that one to one debt to EBITDA. Will we be allowed to at times go lower then that or above that? Absolutely, but they’re looking for our long term commitment which we are to a debt to EBIDTA one to one. Equally so the reason we said before why we needed the investment grade as Rich mentioned was our clients are also looking that we’re going to be very prudent with the amount of debt that we put onto our books.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer: The way I understand this is the flexibility you’ll then have is more just through growth of either EBITDA or the free cash flow so we’re not expecting it levering up of the balance sheet going forward. The only way you would do that is with commensurate increase in EBITDA?
Dan Sheldon: Over a long period. For example let me just say that obviously they wouldn’t look for us to go into any kind of debt position for either share buy backs or dividends, that’s just exactly they would be. However, if we were to do an acquisition or whatever and it should put us below the metric that they were looking for we also know and they know that we have the cash flows over any period of time to really provide for that. So therefore I hope that helps with answering the questions of how to look at it that in the short time period we could be below the metrics I just gave you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: On the Bank of America I just wanted to make sure, are there any termination fees tied to that, it didn’t look like it. When exactly did the conversion happen, what month?
Rich Daly: There are not conversion fees. It took place very quickly and it will be in this quarter and what they’ve simply done is my understanding is taken the largest volume provider of any product and put both businesses on the highest volume provider. We’re also looking forward to having continued dialogues about once they’ve stabilized the environment what’s the best way for them to go forward.
Dan Sheldon: From a numbers perspective be thinking of the $20 million that it would average out to be of course then the $4 million a quarter almost nothing in the third quarter and then of course the fourth quarter getting impacted by about $4 million and then the rest continuing into next year.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: On the equity side, are the other decisions with Bank of America basically done?
Rich Daly: That was the only decision that impacted us was the institutional equities that we were performing for B of A.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: We shouldn’t think about any other potential changes in the near run?
Rich Daly: No affecting Broadridge. Remember, the communications business we were providing proxy processing as the best example for both B of A and Merrill and we’ll just continue to provide it for the new combined entity.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: On the IC side, when do you expect the mutual fund proxy activity to trough if that’s a good term or not and could we see the step up in the M&A activity potentially offset this or even overcome it?
Rich Daly: I think that the mutual fund activity is at the bottom of the trough right now. We’re, as I said in my comments, having conversations right now with more than one reasonably large fund groups that are talking about the need to do something in the near term. I would be disappointed if we didn’t have again more than one reasonable size mutual fund proxy job taking place during this calendar year. The M&A activity is less predictable but we have seen some of the M&A activity because of the events that we know in our own industry that took place, other activities that are taking place that are well publicized proxy contest etc.
Dan Sheldon: We do know in our fourth quarter, as I mentioned, that we did have a large job last year approximately $15 million that won’t repeat itself. That’s all in our guidance and would totally agree with Rich. We think we’ve hit the bottom.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: The tax rate, the 38% is that a good number to use for non-GAAP purposes as well?
Dan Sheldon: GAAP and non-GAAP and going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Can you maybe give us; I know it’s early, some sense of the revenue opportunity with this investor network?
Rich Daly : It is absolutely early. The fact that we’re starting with Intel I find very, very exciting. If you think about the number of challenges going on today for companies around the, for example executive comp area, this is something where managements, Boards, etc. have the opportunity to reach out and survey shareholders and include their views in things like CDNA analysis going forward. If you think about the expense that companies go through for an annual meeting the idea of having a virtual annual meeting which will allow access to more shareholders with less expense and less logistics cost and concerns these are pretty exciting opportunities now. I don’t have firm numbers but we’d like to think that these types of activities for a good size company should be worth between $20,000 and $50,000 an activity. This could be very, very exciting in terms of taking our position to an even higher level from the very high level we’re at already today. We’re excited.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Is there anything else, I was reading something about the New York Stock Exchange might be trying to make a decision on this Rule 452 again, I know they’ve been kicking that around for a long time. Any other kind of regulatory actions that are in the forefront today that you think can have a positive impact on the business?
Rich Daly: There are no other regulatory changes that I’m aware of right now. We do believe that given what took place in this recent environment that transparency to investors will remain a very high priority for the SEC. We believe that that will work well since we enabled the SEC to achieve those higher levels of transparency to investors. The 452 change is something that we don’t see given where it’s at right now having a material impact on us. We would expect that with 452 going away there might be more volumes as people need to get tough proposals passed. For example, an equity comp plan. We’re not really planning on anything material at this point in time, any material benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital: Are you seeing valuations for acquisitions come down in the marketplace at this point?
Rich Daly: Our valuations for marketplace for acquisitions came down. I actually do believe that what took place in the marketplace has effected just about everything as well as what buyers are willing to pay although not initially what sellers were willing to sell for. I’m encouraged though that the market I think is coming together and I’m encouraged by some of the dialogues we’ve had with properties that we believe would meet our definition of a tuck in and really be far better positioned under the Broadridge umbrella with our distribution channel, our credibility and our ability to go to market then they are in their current environment.
Operator: I’m showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: We certainly appreciate everyone being with us early on a Monday morning. We thank you for your participation. As always, Dan, Marvin and I will look forward to seeing you in the near future. Thanks so much and choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-03 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims – Vice President, Investor Relations Rich Daly – Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co. Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan [Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Sir. 
Marvin Sims:  Good morning everyone and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and web cast for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2009. I'm Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual this morning I am here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge.  I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today's earnings call and web cast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at www.Broadridge.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call we will discuss some forward-looking statements that involve risks. These risks are discussed here on Slide 1 and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Now let's turn to the next slide and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter, followed by a discussion on some key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the second quarter results in further detail including a review of the cash flows for the quarter end. Rich will then return and summarize the fiscal year 2009 guidance and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to the next slide and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly:   Thanks Marvin. Good morning everyone. I am now on slide number three. This morning I will talk about the following topics: A summary of our second quarter financial results and the reaffirmation of our 2009 fiscal year EPS guidance, a review of our sales performance, an update on the current market dynamics including industry consolidation and how to put these dynamics into context for Broadridge. Finally, after Dan’s financial update I will provide some concluding thoughts before Q&A.  So, let’s go to slide number four and start. Given the current market environment I am satisfied overall with our second quarter results. I am also pleased with our sales results, increased market share, liquidity and forecasted free cash flows. I will talk more about these points a little later.  Our Q2 performance was better than our expectations as we continued to experience strong trade volumes in our securities processing segment. Our revenues for the quarter were down 1%. However, operating revenue growth for the business segments excluding foreign exchange and other was up 2% and recurring fee revenues were up 7%. Event driven mutual fund proxies were down year-over-year as well as distribution revenues related to the increased adoption rate of notice and access. The increase in notice and access adoption rate lowers overall revenues but creates a positive offset in fee revenues at higher margins.  Reductions in distribution revenues replaced by recurring fee revenues at higher margins is the only time I am not upset with declining revenues.  Net earnings for the quarter are up 3% and were better than expected. Despite the anticipated expense rollovers we previously disclosed our earnings growth was primarily due to our trade revenue over performance and lower interest expense related to our lower debt level. Despite the challenging market conditions the business fundamentals continue to demonstrate resiliency as the core investor communications key recurring revenue drivers remain essentially unaffected by volatile market activity.  Mutual fund interim positions continue to grow and stock record growth for equities is better today than it was last year at this time. Given this, we continue to anticipate volume growth for the year in equity proxy’s. These factors are helping to offset much lower event driven mutual fund proxy activity. As we look forward to the remainder of the fiscal year we are once again reaffirming our full year guidance for non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.55 which excludes the benefit of $0.04 for the one-time gain on the purchase of our senior notes from our first quarter.  Therefore, we are also reaffirming our GAAP EPS of $1.49 to $1.59 which does include the $0.04. We are anticipating a revenue decline of minus 3% to flat which is down from our previous growth guidance of flat to 3% growth. The 3 point drop in both the low and high end of the guidance is primarily due to the FX in the second half, lower mutual fund proxy event driven activities and reduced distribution revenues resulting from higher notice and access adoption rates.  We are still expecting recurring revenue to grow in the second half of the fiscal year and on a full year basis a contribution of 3-4% towards overall revenue growth. Irrespective of the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates and product exchanges driving our lower revenue growth guidance for the year we still expect to generate free cash flows in the range of $210-250 million, where we have increased the lower end from our November guidance.  Keep in mind that over 50% of our free cash is generated in our fiscal fourth quarter. Dan will talk more on cash flow in his section.  This quarter we purchased one million Broadridge shares at an average price of approximately $11 per share and have authorization to buy back another million shares. In the short-term given the banking and credit market environment we remain focused on our liquidity options to ensure we have the ability to run, invest in and grow our business. We believe our liquidity for the current needs of the business are strong given our impressive free cash flow, balance sheet and financial flexibility from our $500 million committed revolver and other bank lines.  We are also confident that our balance sheet is strong and given our debt level at a 1:1 debt to EBITDA ratio we are pleased that the liquidity crisis is not a direct threat to Broadridge or our ability to execute on strategy.  Now let’s move on to sales on slide number five. As I mentioned earlier I am pleased with our sales performance. As a matter of fact, if you promise to keep it a secret from our sales management I am actually very pleased with our sales performance. Our closed sales of $47 million for the quarter are up 36% for the quarter and year-to-date closed sales of $80 million are up 26% over the prior year.  Recurring sales year-to-date represent almost 80% of total closed sales and are up 100% over the prior year. Recurring closed sales being this high over the prior year is very good news for the long-term given our successful history of client retention? This quarter we closed a $5 million statement deal. We signed an international deal with Instinet, a subsidiary of Nomura Bank. We also signed a new contract with JP Morgan for fixed income processing which now includes the old Bear Stearns fixed income business.  We signed a new contract with Barclays for both equity and fixed income processing services including all of the Lehman business they acquired. In addition, 67% of our closed sales were made to 15 different entities each purchasing greater than $1 million in new services.  Our sales pipeline remains strong and is still building momentum. Our only disappointment is that the level and length of our outsourcing sales cycle for mid-sized prospects has increased, in some cases influenced by the liquidity crisis but we also have a stronger pipeline of promising larger deals that we are moving along in the sales cycle. Although talking about promising larger deals lets never forget that it ain’t over till it is over.  Even though we arguably have the most efficient processing platform in the industry, the complexity of conversion remains the biggest hurdle to overcome in closing larger deals. Outsourcing the people function to Broadridge along with the system should ultimately reduce this hurdle. Our comfort level about achieving our full year sales forecast of $160-180 million is even higher than it was one quarter ago.  Our market’s current challenges ironically add to our optimism for Broadridge’s future, given the financial industry’s focus on cost reductions and more than likely future greater regulatory requirements. Our industry’s recent challenges means that every firm needs to look at cost, look at efficiency and look at functionality as they recognize that regulatory requirements are expected by virtually everyone to increase.  Broadridge, as the number one player in our space as substantiated by Brown and Wilson’s Black Book of Outsourcing is best positioned not only to be able to reduce costs but simultaneously improve accuracy, meet any new regulatory requirements and ultimately provide our clients a platform with scalability, flexibility and the industry’s best reliability and functionality.  Now on slide number six let’s talk about the current headwinds in the financial services industry and how we are managing through them. We believe these headwinds are creating short-term revenue slow down or shrinkage for us. However, as I just mentioned they are also providing long-term opportunities.  In the short-term as we move into the second half of our fiscal year we are expecting to see less trade volumes and increased concessions in our securities processing business and continued shrinkage in mutual fund proxy activity in our core investor communications business. With regard to seeing lower trading volumes we normally see trades per day decline shortly after they spike especially in markets like we are in now.  With respect to pricing pressures, we are resigning and extending contracts for existing clients earlier than normal. This has created greater concessions than we had originally anticipated for fiscal 2009 and will impact the second half of our fiscal year as well as carry over into the future. The offsetting point is that we have been able to retain clients and market share with longer contract terms and we believe this better positions Broadridge to benefit for the longer term when the markets return to normal.  Last quarter I provided you with a summary of the impact to Broadridge from consolidation in the financial services industry. So let me recap that summary. I stated that we were winning about as much as we were losing and that in the long-term it appeared the consolidation would create new opportunities for us to demonstrate our strong value proposition.  The consolidation of Lehman and Bear Stearns into Barclays and JP Morgan respectively will negatively impact revenues in our securities processing segment given volume discounts. However, with Neuberger going to our clearing segment and new sales to JP Morgan and Barclays of fixed income products which I mentioned in my sales update we are still in a net positive position on a consolidated Broadridge basis.  With respect to Bank of America and Merrill Lynch, the transaction just closed and their processing platform strategy has not yet been settled. We are still involved in discussions around their immediate decisions and their longer term platform strategy.  There are two new items related to industry consolidation that I want to address now. The first is the combination of Morgan Stanley’s wealth management business with Smith Barney. Virtually the only impact we can see from this if any would be upside benefit. This is because neither firm makes any material use of Broadridge products other than our core proxy offering. Of course we expect them to continue using our proxy offering and we will look at this new opportunity as aggressively as we can to induce them to use other Broadridge communications and securities processing offerings.  The next item is related to the future potential consolidations driven by the TARP good bank/bad bank activities. It is too soon to have any clear view regarding any positive or negative impact on Broadridge if any at all. In our favor we believe the controlled environment of our processing applications should be very attractive to any bank in this position. On the other hand it seems unlikely that if a bank in this position was performing any proprietary trading activities they would continue these activities at the same level going forward.  Both of these new items are still unclear at this point.  Overall, in the securities processing and outsourcing businesses there are many reasons to be pleased. Our strategy is sound. We have a strong sales pipeline and have active dialogues taking place. But in order for me to be completely pleased with the performance of the securities processing business I have to be convinced that we are near the end of the market correction and we were winning new business by adding outsourcing clients and adding new applications to all clients at a rate that creates market share and revenue gains well beyond being just net positive.  As for our investor communications business I am pleased with our financial results and how we are faring in these markets. This is not surprising given the high quality of the investor communications recurring revenue base. The investor communications core proxy recurring revenue which is more than 50% of Broadridge’s overall revenues is maintaining its unique historical resiliency to negative markets. Recurring fee revenue is expected to do well in the second half of our fiscal year.  We have also had increases in notice and access adoption rates as well as increased market share in registered equity proxy. As for the strategy and long-term, we expect we will exit this down market with additional market share and increased compliance opportunities as the new administration in Washington is expected to champion increased transparency for investors and regulatory oversight of industry participants which would most likely increase compliance requirements.  When you take all of the factors that I have just discussed for all of the businesses into consideration, we anticipate leaving these challenging times with more market share than we entered them with and we will be better positioned when the markets return. We continue to make strategic investments in the business at a slightly higher run rate than last year as we believe the financial services crisis will create significant long-term opportunity to serve our markets.  This is an opportune time for a trusted and proven partner like Broadridge.  I will now turn the call over to Dan who will go into more detail about the quarter, year-to-date and full year with respect to each of the segments. 
Dan Sheldon:  Thanks Rich. I am now on slide seven. As Rich mentioned our revenues are down slightly for the quarter and up slightly year-to-date. Looking at the specific revenue drivers you can see that sales and losses are running at our Q2 forecasted contribution to revenue rate and we expect the year-to-date contribution rates to continue into the second half.  Once you are half way into a year you pretty much know your contributions for revenue for sales and losses given the conversion and de-conversion timeframes. Also we have included in the appendix a general guideline for conversion timeframes between closed sales and revenue recognition.  Looking down at internal growth it continues to be up and slightly over our forecast given the strong trade volumes and time and material activity in the quarter. For the second half we are expecting additional contributions to internal growth as Rich mentioned from our investor communications business and less from the other two segments given lower trade per day growth, lower time on material jobs and less interest revenue which I will go into more detail on when I review the segments.  Both our event driven mutual fund proxy and foreign exchange revenues continued to strengthen in the quarter and were slightly below our Q2 forecast and we are also forecasting the shrinkage to continue into the second half. Our year-to-date pre-tax margins are slightly down and diluted EPS is flat to last year but above our forecast given the revenue mix and the net FX transaction gains.  Let’s move to the next slide where I will go into more detail on the quarter, year-to-date and full year view of our segments, other and wrap up with cash flows.  I am now on slide eight, investor communications solutions. For the quarter our revenues were down 3%. Recurring revenues up and event driven and distribution fees down. The good news is that recurring revenues driven by net new business and internal growth from equity and mutual fund stock record positions as well as transaction and fulfillment activity continued to show growth this quarter and are slightly better than our expectations. You see the growth in recurring revenues continue into the second half where we are anticipating increased notice and access adoption rates as well as increased market share gains with respect to registered equity U.S. and global product fees.  However, we are lowering our full year forecast with respect to event driven and distribution revenues. Let me go into that a bit. Our event revenues are down entirely due to mutual fund proxies. Given where we are year-to-date in our sales pipeline we are now forecasting the mutual fund proxy to be down this year by 50% to 60%. As we said before, mutual fund proxies don’t repeat each year and it takes a triggering effect like a change in directors, a change in pricing or fund mergers to cause a proxy.  Although we are forecasting this year to be down, I really suspect given all the activity in mutual funds that in FY10 and into FY11 we will see the resurgence as we have seen before given that at some point there will be a triggering event. The good news on our other event driven revenues for equity proxy content, mutual fund supplemental mailings and pre-sale fulfillment have been up slightly year-over-year and we see this continuing into the second half.  With respect to distribution fees they are down for the quarter and expected to be down for the year due to both increased notice and access adoption and revenue mix. With respect to notice and access as Rich mentioned overall lower revenues but overall higher margin dollars is a good thing. With respect to our margins they are down for the quarter and year-to-date but it is entirely due to the revenue mix of less event driven.  For the full year we are still expecting margin expansion given strong fourth quarter growth which is heavily weighted towards recurring revenues primarily driven from the equity proxy products.  I will now move to slide nine, securities products. This segment had revenue growth of 9% for the quarter and year-to-date 8%. Net new business for the quarter and year-to-date contributed 2% to revenue growth and we expect sales to continue to contribute 5-6% to overall revenue and losses to continue at about a 4% rate for the year.  Our internal growth this quarter was very positively impacted and above our forecast due to increased trading volumes as well as higher than expected time and material revenues and delayed price concessions. We saw the increased trade volumes toward the end of Q1 and they continued for the most part into Q2. However, we have seen both retail and institutional volumes drop since December and are forecasting trades per day growth to be less in the second half but still forecasting growth in both the low and high end between 3-8%.  We are also forecasting less E&M in the second half given the tightening of R&D spend by our clients. I mentioned a delay in price concessions had a positive impact to our forecast in Q2. We have historically averaged an annualized negative 2-3% impact to revenue from concessions each year in this segment due to contract re-signs. In some fiscal years we have had as low as 1% negative impact to revenues from price concessions and some years plus 4%.  It is all dependent upon when the contracts are re-signed. As Rich mentioned this year we have some very large clients up for renewal and finalization of pricing terms will take place in the second half. So where we experienced some negative impact to revenue from price concessions in the first half we will have at least 4% negative impact to revenue in the second half. Overall for the year it averages out about the same 3% that we have talked about.  Our margins for the quarter were positively impacted by the internal growth contribution. Full year forecasted margins are down year-over-year due to the planned investment and less deferred conversion expenses this year as well as the higher concessions I just walked through on the second half.  Let’s turn to slide ten. This is our clearing and outsourcing segment. Our revenue growth for the quarter and year-to-date is primarily driven by the addition of the Neuberger sale which impacted September and all of Q2. Offsetting the growth is the continued drop in interest revenue due both to reduced Fed fund rates and approximately a 25% decrease in margin balances. Besides the Neuberger sale we also added net two clearing clients over the last six months and sold one new outsourcing deal in Q2 and converted two clients from our securities processing segment onto outsourcing.  For a full year perspective the contribution to revenue from net new business is primarily from the Neuberger deal as outsourcing deals are slower in closing than we had planned. However, as Rich mentioned we do have some larger outsourcing deals we are working on. If closed they would not benefit FY09 and likely not be a contribution until late FY10 or into FY11 given the long implementation times for large accounts.  Our internal growth from interest revenues continues to be a drag to both year-to-date and for the full year. The combination of lower Fed fund and lower margin balances negatively impacts the first half by $6 million and on a full year basis by $11 million. I guess the good news with respect to interest revenues is that Fed fund rates really can’t go much lower and margin balances are forecasted to remain at the $700 million level of which were experienced in Q2.  I look forward to providing an upside in the future.  With respect to pre-tax operating losses, the loss of interest revenues more than offset the positive contribution from net sales in that interest all falls to the bottom line. Moving on to slide 11, other and FX, we are giving you all the data points you asked for. The only area I am going to cover in detail is with respect to FX because that is what has changed most since the last time we gave guidance. With a [penal] impact perspective both revenues and margins are negatively impacted primarily by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar in the latter part of Q2.  Our full year forecast uses the forward rates which negatively impacted the second half revenues and margins. By the way, the line called FX transaction activity which is the last line under other is all related to cash and billing we have in U.S. dollars in foreign locations. Given the forward rates are about the same for the second half as they were at the end of December we are not forecasting additional gains or losses for the remainder of the year.  Finally, interest is in line with our previous guidance and corporate expenses are down at the high end due to discretionary spend hold back and less stock compensation expense given where our stock price is at.  Moving to slide 12, we shared this slide with you before to help in understanding the grow over challenges we were faced with which primarily impacted us in the first half and really nothing has changed on this page.  Let’s move to my last slide which is cash flow, and by the way this is my favorite slide. The greatest benefit of an 80% recurring revenue model and a low capital intensive business is that free cash flows are mostly predictable and always positive. In our business model I pay very close attention to client retention as this is the foundation of our recurring revenues.  As we have discussed before, internal growth from market transaction activity including event driven will be up in good markets and down in bad markets but in any given 5-year period has been up on a compounded annual basis. The really good news is that our client revenue retention rates are forecasted to be over 98% this year.  With that said let’s focus on the first slide of earnings and go to the far right to the FY09 low and high range guidance. Even though we have lowered our revenue growth ranges from flat to a positive 3% to a negative 3% to flat, we have maintained our $207-222 million earnings range. As Rich mentioned, we did not reduce our investment spend but addressed discretionary spend as appropriate. We are a highly fixed base cost company but we do have areas of discretionary spend including variable compensation and temporary employment that help us manage our expense levels to some degree.  As far as free cash flows we have tightened the ranges and are up on the low end. Our range is now, as Rich mentioned, $210-250 million. With respect to cash flows from other investing and financing activities we really haven’t changed much here. We do expect to continue to pay a dividend and with respect to additional acquisitions, additional pay down or additional buy backs as we move into the second half will determine how to use cash based upon the returns of the opportunities and how we are tracking against the high and low end of our free cash flows.  As Rich mentioned, we earn and collect the majority of our cash in Q4. I do want to shift attention back to the left side of the page which addresses our rich clearing and financing activities. First, let me say that our Broadridge business has had no write offs since we acquired the business and that is due to the tight credit and margin policies we have as well as the quality of our clients and how they operate their businesses.  Remember, we are strictly a clearing firm and don’t have any investment positions or inventory ourselves. Second, we are in a net positive cash position with short-term cash at the end of Q2 just as we were at the end of the last fiscal year. Just like in our Q1 of this year and last year’s Q3 we could be in a short-term debt position as it is all due to timing of activity. However, given our margin credit policy and highly liquid collateral I don’t lose sleep over this swing and we purposely paid down our long-term debt to ensure we average over any period of time a 1:1 debt to EBITDA ratio including both long and short-term debt.  I am also, by the way, happy to report that S&P upgraded us in November to DD+ with a stable outlook from DD flat with a negative outlook. Our other two agencies, Moody’s and Fitch have maintained their investment grade ratings.  With that said, Rich I will turn it back over to you. 
Rich Daly:  Thanks Dan. Let me summarize our fiscal year 2009 guidance on slide 14 as Dan and I have already touched on most of these points. Our revenue for the year will be in the range of own 3% to flat. This is down from our previous guidance of flat to up 3% as a result of the continuation of unfavorable foreign exchange rates, lower event driven mutual fund proxy revenues and lower distribution fees related to higher notice and access adoption rates.  As I have already mentioned, we are very pleased with the growth in our recurring revenue this year and we expect the operating segments to generate revenue growth in the range of flat to 2%. We still expect our sales plan to be in the range of $160-180 million. We expect EBIT margin of 16.2% to 17.1%. GAAP EPS of $1.49 to $1.59. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.45 to $1.55 and a tax rate of 39%.  Finally, we expect to generate free cash flows in a range of $210-250 million.  So, on slide 15 before we go into the Q&A part of the call let me leave you with a few thoughts on how I feel about the business as we continue to navigate through these unprecedented times.  As you know, the financial services industry is in a crisis. However, Broadridge is weathering the storm well. The majority of the Broadridge business model continues to be resilient as key recurring revenue metrics remain stable. Our recurring fee revenue base contributed 2% to overall revenue growth in the first half of our fiscal year and is projected to do better in the second half. Our investor communications business had recurring revenue fee growth of 8% in the first half and is expected to grow 7-11% for the year.  We believe Broadridge has navigated the recent financial services industry consolidations well, to date providing slightly more upside than downside risk. Our unique three tiered securities processing model turned the Lehman loss into a Neuberger Barclays win. We still have Bank of America/Merrill opportunities and/or risk on the table which we will understand better over the next few months. New consolidations will always create opportunities for us.  [inaudible] remain and are impacting our near to mid-term results as mutual fund proxy event driven activities have slowed and early contract renewals with term extensions are creating greater than planned pricing concessions. These headwinds combined are turning good execution into flat to slightly negative revenue growth.  We remain disciplined and focused on our long-term strategy as we continue to invest in the business with improving our long-term prospects to create greater long-term shareholder value. We will always continue our focused cause management practices that will help drive sustainable margin improvement.  In terms of our acquisition, we will pursue tuck in acquisitions that are strategic investments as opposed to acquiring revenue for the sake of acquiring revenue. However, the new liquidity filters and unsettled valuations have temporarily delayed acquisitions. The financial services crisis really should create significant long-term opportunities for Broadridge to serve our industry.  Our sales pipeline has good momentum with some exciting opportunities and we are closing meaningful business in this pipeline. We are continuing to expand our market share as we have signed contracts for new business with some of the larger players in our space and positioned ourselves for when the up markets turn.  The new administration in Washington we expect will be championing increased transparency for investors and the regulatory oversight of industry participants should increase or should translate into more requirements that Broadridge is best suited to fulfill and the industry cost savings mandates that are being made across the board should bode well for our high functionality, low cost, securities processing solutions which uniquely includes outsourcing.  When the storm subsides and capital returns to the equity markets, Broadridge will be well positioned to be on the high ground. I continue to believe Broadridge is well positioned for the future. We have a strong recurring revenue base consisting of more than 50% of all of Broadridge’s revenue that historically always grows irrespective of market conditions.  In our great communications business this is particularly true. Our customer satisfaction levels are the highest in our market as noted by the Black book of Outsourcing. Our value propositions are the strongest in our market and we continue to generate new initiatives. Our cash flow always remains strong and our balance sheet is solid and we have the liquidity we need to execute our strategy.  All of this could not be possible without our dedicated and engaged associates. I want to take this time to personally thank them again. As I said earlier, this is a good time for a trusted and proven partner like Broadridge.  I will now turn the call over for the Q&A part. Dan, Marvin and I welcome your questions.   
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.: I wanted to talk a little bit about new products or potential acquisitions. What are you thinking about in this current environment on the opportunity to introduce new products? Are there any in particular you are able to introduce to take advantage of what is going on now with customer needs specifically? Or any companies out there that are planning something you would like to offer to your customers? 
Rich Daly:  First of all, we put a lot of effort into making sure we leave no stone unturned in terms of looking for new activity. So since the spend, the term we internally use is that we have the acquisition fly wheel turning and that we are comfortable we are out there not waiting for something to be delivered to us as a potential sale but going out there looking for products that under our umbrella would perform better. We feel good about those activities and we have actually uncovered several pieces that are strategic that we feel good about.  I am also particularly pleased that these opportunities are proportionally playing out about in the range and sizes of our business meaning we are looking at more things in communications than we are in any other area but we are looking at things across the board. I said in my comments that the current market environment really has temporarily delayed some of the activities because what we are experiencing is that potential sellers are looking at valuations pre-market crisis and we don’t think that would be in the best interest of our shareholders. We are being very sensitive to that.  At the same time we are encouraged because there absolutely is more opportunity for Broadridge which is so well positioned versus competing prior to the crisis with I’ll call some of the irrational money that was around before the crisis. 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.: Dan, on the CNO business, what type interest rates do we need to see for the business to be profitable? Can it be profitable at these levels and what would you need to do? Also, on the free cash flow build up can you just go into the working capital changeover a bit as far as what you are assuming for your DSO’s going up or payments, etc.? 
Dan Sheldon:  Let’s go first to the clearing outsourcing. When we talk about the impact of FX and the margins let’s focus primarily on the FX. Even if the Fed fund, that has dropped over 400 basis points since we were talking about 18 months ago. So that has driven us down. Bringing it back up the net new business is what we are primarily focused on. In focusing there and into next year we would hope to see profitability as we exit that year. If the Fed Funds go up or if our margin balances come up that would absolutely impact us positively. So to put it in perspective, every 25 basis points is just under $1 million of Fed Fund opportunity the top and bottom line. Going over to the cash flows when you think about our cash flow and you said working capital, I think I have got you pretty right in what we looked at there was we are pretty tight on when we look at how much are we going to spend on CapEx as we talked about…the receivables are the only thing that can drive really the change in the working capital. All the other items in there are pretty stable and we are understanding them and are very comfortable with them. Did that help? 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.: You said exiting fiscal 2010? 
Dan Sheldon:  Yes. Exiting because unless I see the Fed Fund rates come up or the margin balances increase we will still have a drag in the first half of next year just by what is happening recently in Q2 with the lowering of the Fed Fund as well as the margins dropping from about $900 million average down to $700 million. That will impact the beginning of our next year. But again I think what is important is if looking even if those don’t change at the second half of the following year which is FY10, I feel pretty good about it. 
Rich Daly:  It is also always worthy to mention that without the ridge capabilities we wouldn’t be in the outsourcing business. Again that is the key strategic reason why we are in the clearing business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I am again trying to beat a dead horse about the use of free cash flow. We have seen two quarters in a row with stable business, the guidance of free cash flow goes up and yet we don’t see any announcements regarding any buybacks or any further reduction in debt. I do understand all the things you talked about on the call but can you give us any more color regarding what is the though process behind not utilizing cash flow at this point? 
Rich Daly:  First of all, there is only one factor here and that is time. Given the liquidity crisis we decided that we would err on the side of being conservative. Now that we are at the 1:1 ratio, now that we have our ratings in a more solid position we will look at the opportunities as we go forward to use this cash flow to create shareholder value. I am very excited that we will have that opportunity and we will without question look to increase shareholder value through the use of our cash but I will say that to date I think our conservative view and the management of this free cash flow has served us well in all of our activities.  So, again historically my first choice would be to create profitable revenue and growth and I clarify that on the acquisition side by saying it would be more strategic than going out there to make a big deal for the sake of buying revenue. That likely means we will have even in execution of that strategy successfully we will have cash flow available for dividends and buybacks to be considered as we go forward and we will consider those as we go forward to create the best value for shareholders. 
Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Are the rating agencies giving you any pushback on that? What is their take on given where your EBITDA versus where you debt is at this point? 
Dan Sheldon:  The rating agencies are happy with our debt to EBITDA and as far as acquisitions they do those if they are right for the business and you have done all your due diligence and you are paying the right kind of prices. They have not had any issue with us on that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: The change in the revenue guidance, I just wanted to clarify how much of that is coming from foreign currency versus the respective event driven mutual fund proxies and the distribution fees? 
Dan Sheldon:  If you think about it, I’ll give you the high and low type of approach here. The low end or what we will call the event driven will be the $10-15 million drag from the last time we spoke. Post was down about $20-25 million and FX creating about $15-20 million. Net we are the same, down about $50 million on the low end and $75 million on the high end. Those are the three drivers. When I look at those drivers especially since postage is really primarily the notice and access and that is bringing in extra revenue when you say on the [B] side it is definitely a higher dollar margin, I look at postage, event driven and we all know what can happen with FX at any period of time. I kind of look forward to the future when it all starts coming back. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  On the pricing on the new deals and renewals that you discussed that was pretty clear. I guess what is the impact on margins in the second half? How could that play out? Are there some offsets there? Then longer term, or in the mid term, how should we think about pricing playing out as more business comes up for renewal? 
Dan Sheldon:  I’ll hit the margin piece first. When you think about us talking about concessions you really have to think top line falls to the bottom line. When you talk about sales coming on you really need to be thinking depending on the type of business anywhere between 25-50% margin. I think the way we really think about now our second half is when we have looked at our ranges we pretty much comprehend what could be our high and low end with respect to concessions, with respect to losses as well as any kind of impact from even the event driven which have higher margins than our normal weaker revenues in investor communications.  The way I just do it, as you are trying to look at your models and that, is take our low end, take the second half, back into the various numbers and then take a look at the SPS business because really it is only the SPS business also that has any real impact from concessions. Again, it is all timing. You are going to have small concessions one year and large concessions the next year because of contract re-signs when they come up. That is really what we have to deal with. 
Rich Daly:  Regarding how it is going to play out, this is really going as expected. If you go back and play back the tapes we pretty much addressed everything we are experiencing right now in the past and we talked about potential down markets. Pricing pressure is always out there and it intensifies in difficult markets. The offsetting good news to that though is that firms are far more willing to consider internal changes to create cost savings. So in every one of these pricing dialogues we are talking about how other Broadridge products, particularly outsourcing, could help them save significantly more than just getting a price reduction and these are all active, complicated dialogues but in every case dialogues are taking place. 
Dan Sheldon:  The only other thing I would add to that is we did make a point of pointing out that when we are doing some of these unplanned concessions they are all due to us also taking the clients and extending those contracts which is back to Rich’s point. You extend the contract and you have more option to sell additional business in there. That I think is a real positive. 
Operator:  The next question comes from [Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed. 
[Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed: First off, on the event driven I think you said in the first half of the year M&A was a little better than you planned. Just over the last few weeks it seems there has been a bit of pick up in M&A and also in maybe some proxy contests and things like that. Are you factoring any of that into your guidance for the second half or are you just kind of assuming what occurred in the first half kind of continues? 
Dan Sheldon:  What we are actually doing is we kind of focused a lot on that event driven mutual funds and told you how much it came down but also when I take a look at the contest and special as well as a couple of our other areas where we say the fundamental for interims and some of our pre-sale fulfillment we are actually carrying that forward as a positive into the second half. 
[Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed: But you are not assuming it gets any better in the second half, you are just assuming that the out performance in the first half continues? 
Dan Sheldon:  That is exactly right. 
[Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed: You talked about how, and I think this chart is helpful on the conversions, if the sales success continues how it won’t help revenues for quite a while but I seem to recall that you are actually carrying some extra expenses post RBC conversion that were a bit of a drag on profitability and I’m just wondering if you do indeed convert some of these sales does that actually help the margins even though revenues won’t show up until much later? 
Rich Daly:  First of all let me just address the extra expense side of that. For the majority of the internal people that worked on RBC what we did was we shifted resources from other activities that need to be done and maintenance and other enhancements to focusing on getting that project done. All of the contract labor that was brought in specifically for that activity was released once the job was complete. So, there isn’t a lot of extra expense floating around per se although as Dan commented we are looking at all discretionary expenses and all expenses overall even more carefully than we normally do. 
Dan Sheldon:  What I want to say there is what we are going to be doing going forward, the only time you really see any large impact there to the margins is a large deal we would convert. If we ever went into a large deal and said we were going to have to take some of our internal costs and capitalize them I would be very clear with you about how much that would be, how long it would be and what you should expect on an ongoing basis post conversion for anything like that. I think that is very important. I think we have had some discussions before where that was confusing where we didn’t do that in the past. 
[Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed: So just to be clear if you sign some very large deals there might be some capitalizing of expenses in the future that obviously improve margins from a cash perspective don’t really change things? 
Dan Sheldon:  Yes if you look, by the way, at the cash flow statement you will see that when we talk about change in long-term asset and liabilities you will see that cash being used there but that is exactly right. That is how I relate them. I say the margin changed but I also talk about the use of cash.  Again, this is all GAAP driven as we all know. 
[Stefan Sook] – No Company Listed: Lastly, without beating a dead horse, just to point out it seems like net debt at the end of the quarter was $25 million. I know that is benefiting from the fact that the clearing and outsourcing balance sheet was improved but it would seem like within your guidance you will generate even if that balance for the clearing business goes up to $150 million or something like it can or has in the past you will generate that much by the end of June. So it seems like you are probably on target for the end of the year around this $25-50 million in net debt which seems like you have quite a bit of room on the balance sheet to do a buy back and acquisitions. I know that is more of a statement than a question, but as a shareholder I appreciate that you are conservative but I do agree that you could be maybe a little more aggressive on the buy back going forward. 
Phil Daly:  Hopefully at the end of the day we will be viewed as conservative and not dumb. We are committed to create value. We are committed to executing the strategy. We are pretty pleased at where we are positioned right now. We believe when these markets settle we will be viewed as an organization that is on the high ground in terms of opportunity to execute and use its cash to create value. 
Operator:  I am showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Daly. 
Rich Daly:  Dan, Marvin and I certainly appreciate your participation. We look forward to speaking to you in the near future and certainly look forward to talking to you about big quarters in the future. Thanks so much. Have a great day. 
Operator:  This concludes today’s Broadridge conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Marvin Sims – Vice President, Investor Relations Rich Daly – Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co. Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets David Togut - First Manhattan Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Maharth Kapur - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Good morning. This is [Carol] and I will be your conference facilitator today. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Marvin Sims:  Thank you, Carol. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the first quarter of the fiscal year 2009.  I'm Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning I'm here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge, and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge.  I'm sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and slide presentation that accompanied today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at Broadridge.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call we'll discuss some forward-looking statements that involve risks. These risks are discussed here on Slide 1 and in our periodic filings with the SEC. Now let's turn to the next slide to review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's call with his opening remarks and will provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter, followed by a discussion on a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the first quarter results in further detail, including a review of the cash flows for the quarter. Rich will then return and summarize the fiscal year 2009 guidance and provide his overall summary and some closing thoughts before we head into the Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to the next slide and I'll turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly:  Thanks, Marvin. Good morning, everyone.  This morning I'll talk about a few topics: First, a summary of our first quarter financial results and the reaffirmation of our 2009 fiscal year nonGAAP EPS guidance; next, a general overview of the current market dynamics and how to put these dynamics into context at Broadridge as well as a discussion on the resiliency of our business. As part of this, I'll also talk about our clients and the recent industry consolidations and how we think it could affect Broadridge's overall revenue. Then, our strong cash flows and the thinking around our capital allocation strategy, and we'll end with Q&A. There is a lot we need to cover, so let's start. Overall, I'm pleased with our first quarter results, especially given the current environment. Our revenues for the quarter were up 5%. Net earnings, while better than anticipated, were down 1% as a result of the grow-over items related to last year's corporate build and investment spend, as we forecasted during our first quarter fiscal '08 earnings call. Again, both the revenue and earnings metrics are slightly better than what was contemplated in our guidance due to higher trade volumes in late September.  Included in these results is a gain that resulted from a partial redemption of our bonds. This gain on our bond redemption is another benefit versus our overall original plan performance for the first quarter. As we look forward for the remainder of the fiscal year, we're reaffirming our full year guidance for EPS to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.55, which excludes the benefit of $0.04 for the onetime gain on the partial redemption of our bonds. We're anticipating revenue growth of zero to 3%, which is slightly down from our previous growth guidance of 2% to 4%, primarily as a result of FX and event-driven activities. Despite the challenging markets, the business fundamentals and our operating units continue to be solid and are generating positive results. Overall, our anticipated level of transactions remains in the full year guidance range we communicated back in August. We're in an unprecedented market environment but, whether the Dow is at 12,000 or 4,000, there's always transaction activity, and our revenue is based primarily on transactions and not on assets under management or market performance.  The resiliency of our overall business model is clearest in our Investor Communications business, which accounts for 70% of our revenue and earnings. In this segment, equity proxy services, the shares of publicly traded companies, will always need corporate governance services. Share ownership can shift from individual investors to institutional holders or vice versa, and if institutions hold a greater percentage of shares outstanding, it could result in fewer holders overall. On the other hand, if hedge funds and mutual funds reduce their holdings and the shares are absorbed by individual investors, this would result in a greater number of overall holders as individual investors tend to have much smaller positions, thus requiring more holders. In either illustration, we don't believe this will create a material difference. Historically, it never has.  On the mutual fund side, people may move out of equity funds into other asset classes, such as bond funds or money funds, but these institutions are still required to furnish semiannual and annual reports as well as proxies from time to time. Investors will still need to get their account statements. The statements may contain less transaction detail, but again, this won't create a material impact. In Securities Processing and Ridge with regard to trading volumes, investors still trade. In a downward cycle trading activity can initially spike in the short-term, but it typically drops back down to a lower level that grows at a slower rate until we head back into an upward market. In an upward market cycle, trading volume growth typically is not as volatile and there's a more consistent growth rate in trading activity.  To help put this into context, depending on the mix of retail and institutional trades, recent history shows that a 1% change in trades per day translates into between $300,000 and $700,000 in annual revenue for Broadridge.  Overall, Broadridge will perform better in rising markets than in down markets. In a strong market, we can grow revenue high single-digits to better than 10%, and in a down market our revenue growth can be below 5%. This nets to historical revenue growth average of between 4% and 6%. However, in a down market today, our business model is far more resilient than it was in the last major down market. I'll go into more detail on this a little later. Now I'll talk about our client concentration and industry consolidation, since these two topics are closely tied together. First, let's take the bulk of the ICS segment off the table, because industry consolidation does not have a material impact on the proxy or post-sale fulfillment businesses given our leading position servicing these markets. Our transaction reporting business could experience some upside or some risk; however, keep in mind that 50% of any revenue lost to statements or transaction reporting work consists of pass-through postage revenue that has virtually no margin. Previously we've told you that our top five clients represent 23% of Broadridge's consolidated revenue. Our ICS clients are responsible for the majority of these revenues and, as I've just explained, this is not where any significant consolidation risk lies.  In light of the recent turmoil in the financial services industry, we have received an increased number of inquiries from investors on how these unprecedented events have affected our business. As a result of this, we believe a better way to help you think about the potential effects of our client concentration is to understand who our top clients are in our Securities Processing Solutions business, where industry consolidation can have a more significant impact on earnings. So let me provide you with some of the specifics around our Securities Processing clients. Our top 15 clients in the SPS segment make up approximately 65% of the SPS segment revenue. As you can see, we've provided an alphabetical list of these top 15 clients, and we've broken out the detail of who is using our equity or fixed income processing services. For equity processing, we've broken it out even further between retail and institutional equity processing since firms do process on multiple platforms. As you can see, this is an impressive list of clients and we like our odds in the event of any further industry consolidation. This has proven to be correct to date through the recent dramatic player changes. I will detail further in a minute more of this. Furthermore, most industry leaders are contemplating that as the world moves forward there's going to be more regulation. Broadridge has always historically benefited from more regulation. Now that you have a better understanding of our client base in Securities Processing Solutions, let's talk about the most recent consolidations.  Before I start, I want to state that historically in a merger of two brokerage firms or banks, the acquiring company's platform was normally the surviving platform. In the current market environment, we're seeing a trend where merged companies are choosing the better platforms. And based on us being rated number one in the industry by Brown-Wilson, we believe our strong value propositions are partially why we fared so well in the recent historic changes. I'll give more details in a minute about our number one rating from Brown-Wilson's Black Book of Outsourcing. Let's talk about the bottom line summary first. In the recent consolidations, we're winning about as much revenue as we're losing. Longer term, it appears these consolidations will create new opportunities for us to demonstrate our strong value proposition to firms as they look for ways to increase efficiency, functionality, and reliability, while at the same time lowering overall risk and cost to their organizations.  Some of our initial conversations reveal a willingness of these firms to consider another Broadridge solution. This is particularly true for fixed income processing, where we have become the industry standard.  Now let's move beyond the summary. Let me talk about some specific consolidations and our early view of how the scorecard is shaping up for Broadridge. First, J.P. Morgan and Bear Stearns. We're optimistic that we'll win all the fixed income business as we're diligently working with J.P. Morgan to customize the new functionality required. We anticipate we'll continue to process fixed income on our service bureau and equities on our licensed version of our equity processing software for this long-term player and consolidator in the market. Next, Bank of America and Merrill Lynch. Bank of America has publicly stated that they'll spend $2 billion in the short term to achieve $7 billion in run rate savings, and we hope to play a part in helping them achieve this objective. This will take months or years to play out. Next, Barclays, Lehman and Neuberger Berman. We're also optimistic about winning the Lehman fixed income business, given that Barclays is a fixed income client. And we anticipate keeping the Lehman and Barclays U.S. equities business. On balance, we believe this consolidation, including the Neuberger [win], which is an [elephant] clearing sale, will be an overall positive for Broadridge. This will take a few months to understand to the extent of the net positive benefit driven by Neuberger Berman. Finally, Wells Fargo, Wachovia, and Wachovia's A.G. Edwards unit. This merger had no new effect on us and should be considered a normal sales pipeline opportunity.  Overall, based on the current consolidation activity, there appears to be more upside opportunity than there is downside risk for Broadridge in both the short term and longer term. When you consider the number of large banks that are clients of our Securities Processing segment, we believe Broadridge is well positioned for the future as the firm of choice. Okay, earlier I mentioned that Broadridge was rated number on in its industry and that we have the best and most efficient processing platform. But just don't take my word for it. Take the 2008 Black Book of Outsourcing's word. We're very pleased to see that Broadridge was rated number one in the 2008 Black Book of Outsourcing's survey published by Brown-Wilson. Out of 18 operational excellent key performance indicators, we were rated number one in 14 of them. The survey covered 52 global brokerage outsourcing vendors and included input from 1,400 validated respondents. Now I'll talk about how this market is different than in the fiscal '03 down market. I'll put Broadridge's portfolio during that market into context versus what's happening in today's environment. In 2003, the ICS segment event-driven revenue fell off by 30% or $100 million. This was all in mutual fund proxy and in contest/mergers/corporate actions, where combined we saw a one-year drop of $100 million. In the next fiscal year, fiscal '04, event-driven revenue rebounded. Today on the M&A side we've already experienced a 45% drop off in M&A, which occurred in this past fiscal '08. Given the recent merger consolidation activity, we can actually see limited growth this year in M&A event-driven revenues.  Today in the mutual fund proxy area there's an increased focus on compliance, even more than there was back in fiscal '03, which partially supports the fact that we didn't see a mutual fund activity drop in last year's down market. Therefore, we're not anticipating as significant a drop this time. As previously stated, the core of Investor Communications is proxy processing. This has historically been our most resilient business. Given our success with notice and access, our position for future opportunities within this segment of Investor Communications should improve. Now let me talk about the impact of our Securities Processing Solutions segment. In the fiscal '03 bubble burst, our Securities Processing segment was impacted by consolidation, trade compression, and a shift in clearing models utilized by midsize retail [inaudible]. In 2003, industry consolidation created an unfavorable trend where our retail broker/dealer clients were being acquired by firms that weren't outprocessing clients. Today, bigger banks make up a large percentage of our clients, which is detailed earlier, and this is a far stronger position today versus in 2003. In fiscal '03 we experienced a 20% reduction in trades per day. To save money, firms netted the increased trading activity volume resulting from decimalization back then and only sent us their net trades, whereas prior to that they sent us all their trades. If you exclude the impact from trade compression, our trade per day for fiscal year 2003 actually grew by 3% under our same-store trade per day metric. There has been no equivalent netting activity experienced by Broadridge in this current market. Finally, driven by economic reasons, we saw midsize broker/dealers shift from self-clearing to fully disclosed clearing. Today, with our Clearing and Outsourcing offering, we have a stronger value proposition to mitigate this. The Neuberger Berman new business win this quarter is the proof statement.  This year's proving to be filled with more opportunities than risks for Broadridge. Now on to sales, certainly one of my favorite topics. Our closed sales of $33 million for the quarter, which includes the Neuberger elephant win, were up approximately 15% over last year and were in line with our expectations. And we are still very comfortable with our full year sales forecast of $160 to $180 million. Our pipeline continues to be strong, and I'm optimistic about achieving our full year sales forecast. We also closed a meaningful deal for performance reporting and wealth management in our Securities Processing segment. This is particularly exciting as it represents a new market for us and encouraging activity on some of the additional investments we've been making. I feel good about Broadridge's prospects since Broadridge is the industry's industrial-strength solution. We have the best product depth and functionality at the most efficient cost. Our value propositions are the best in the industry. We again demonstrated our industrial-strength reliability during the recent volatile markets as trading volume levels spiked significantly and Broadridge, as always, was the standard for reliable performance.  Let's move on to free cash flow and our capital allocation. I want to start by reiterating that in any economic cycle or market, the Broadridge business model will generate significant free cash flow. Given our current debt level and the committed bank revolver as well as our other bank lines, we believe we have an appropriate level of liquidity to run our businesses, even in these unprecedented and unpredictable times. Moving to our capital allocation strategy, during our fourth quarter fiscal '08 earnings call, when our stock was trading in the $20 per share range, we said we were looking to use our free cash flows to first and foremost invest in the business, including acquisitions, pay dividends and buy back shares to the extent of dilution from our equity compensation plan. Our plans are generally the same, but we'll be more focused on liquidity options than we previously were.  Here's how you should think generally about our long-term use of free cash. With respect to acquisitions, let me start by saying that in today's environment - which is different than our last earnings call in August - we realize we have new filters, variables and hurdles to consider when we think about acquisitions. We've always been diligent in our focus on acquisitions and this diligence has increased at this point in time. We continue to have an extraordinarily high level of discipline around acquisitions. This now includes making sure we look at all considerations in using our cash.  In the past I've described the kind of deals we were pursuing as [pumpkins]. We realize the phrase pumpkins may mean different things to different people, so let me help clarify by saying that you should be thinking small to midsize deals.  The two acquisitions we've completed thus far have been in the small, $5 to $15 million range, and given the current price of Broadridge's stock and overall market valuations, the hurdle rate for such acquisitions has gone up from where it was six months ago. We'll pursue acquisitions that allow us to leverage our distribution channel and our industry leading service delivery and relationship model. We look to improve an acquired solutions value proposition by combining it with other Broadridge solutions and our processing expertise and scale; however, we're not looking to go beyond our core competency as a financial processor or to add another business line by pursuing a new vertical. We would not do an acquisition just to acquire revenue, and we're very critical about strategic fit and our ability to successfully execute and get successful returns. There are presently no large acquisitions in our pipeline. Let me move on to dividends. This is easy. We'll always look to pay a dividend. Finally, with respect to stock buybacks, as you know, our Board has authorized a buyback program of up to 2 million shares to offset the dilution related to our equity compensation plan. As of Broadridge's closing price last night, we're trading at about 8 times free cash flow.  So let me summarize before I hand it off to Dan. Our fiscal year is off to a good start, and I believe we're well positioned to achieve earnings per share results in line with our guidance. And we'll continue to generate strong free cash flow. We have a resilient business that continues to perform well in these challenging and unique market environments, and our business is more resilient than it was in the last major market downturn in fiscal 2003. Industry consolidation within the financial sector is providing new and exciting opportunities for Broadridge and our clients appear to be well positioned to be the surviving key players. We have a strong product portfolio and processing scale which I believe has positioned Broadridge to have a very real opportunity to leave this period of market upheaval stronger than we entered it. Dan, it's all yours.
Dan Sheldon:  Thanks, Rich. I'm on Page 10.  So our Q1 key highlights, as Rich mentioned, this has been a good quarter. We ended the quarter with 5% revenue growth and we're up over our plan, due, again as Rich mentioned, to the very high September trade volumes. And by the way, all the revenue growth is coming from the segments this year. We went into this year's plan, by the way, with the knowledge that we were already in a down market and appropriately managed expectations in August for fiscal year '09 would be a lower single-digit revenue growth period for us. Although pre-tax margins and earnings per share are down on a GAAP basis, we are in line with our plan and this is before the one-time gain from the $125 million bond redemption.  Before turning to the segments, I'd like to remind everyone that although we're in a down market, 80% of our revenues are recurring and in up markets can drive our revenue growth upwards of 10%. And the other 20% of our revenue we call event-driven revenues, which I'll go into next, don't look to be as problematic this year as they were in fiscal year '03. So let's move on to the segments, and I'll start with Slide 11, our Investor Communications. For the quarter we had 5% revenue growth, and this, again, was in line with our plan. Fee revenue growth is from both net new business and internal growth. And with respect to internal growth, we saw an increase in all of our recurring revenue products this quarter. Event-driven revenues are down slightly for the quarter, primarily due to the registered mutual fund proxy and solicitation, which were partially offset by some higher mutual fund supplemental [inaudible]. Our distribution revenues are in line with our revenue growth. With respect to margins being down in the quarter, the product mix of less event-driven, especially the registered mutual fund proxies as well as some increased notice and access investments and one-time benefits last year, account for the decrease.  By the way, given that 55% of our profits occur in the fourth quarter and that it's also impossible to predict when event-driven revenues will occur each year, you can expect ups and downs with respect to our margins in the first three quarters, and it is a reality. I'm never concerned about margin changes quarterly in this business as we know our expense levels and invest prudently. When you look over at our full year margins, both the low and high range is wider than it was in August, and this again is due to the revenue product mix, which I'll now go into. We're lowering our full year revenue forecast from 2% to 4% to zero to 3% due to event-driven and distribution revenues.  With respect to our recurring revenues, we're forecasting a 5% to 8% growth range. On the high end, we're assuming volumes continue to be up for all recurring products and we also see increased sales pipeline activity around our notice and access, which will have the biggest impact in Q4. On the low end, we're assuming equity and interim stock record positions could have less growth or a decline in the second half given the current state of the economy. With respect to event-driven revenues on both the high and low end, we're taking down due to the mutual fund proxies, where we're forecasting less activity this year. In the FY '03 downturn, income from proxies and equity proxy contests and specials were the cause of the 30% drop in the event-driven revenues year-over-year Rich described earlier. With respect to equity proxy contests, we already saw a 45% drop last year. And given the shareholder activism, especially around Board seats, and current mergers and acquisitions, we're still expecting there to be additional activity in this space. As a reminder, event-driven revenues have had a greater than 10% CAGR over any five-year time horizon, and there's nothing to suggest this has changed. With respect to distribution revenues, they're down slightly from our August guidance, due again to the product mix. Let's turn to Slide 12. This is our Securities Processing segment, and our revenues are up 7%. And this is a combination of positive net new business and internal growth in both the equities and fixed income trades per day.  With respect to equity and fixed income trades per day statistics, we're now giving you two key statistics - total trades per day, which we've always given to you, and now internal growth trades per day. The difference between the two statistics is that internal growth trades per day take out new sales and losses to ensure we only look at same client activity year-over-year. Think of this as same-store growth year-over-year activity with what you look at with other businesses. Therefore, the Lehman trades and other losses and new sales are out of the statistic, but are in the total trades per day statistic you see here at 2.4 million trades per day. With respect to equity, internal growth trades per day - and I'm now focused on the 1.6 million trades per day - it had 3% growth for the quarter. July and August were actually down from last year, but September trades per day were up over 20% and this has continued into October. The September and October uptick in trades per day volumes for both equity and fixed income are driven by all the selling activity going on in the market, especially in retail equities as well as what we call a flight to safety related to fixed income U.S. Treasuries. Our full year forecast for revenue growth is still 2% to 4%. The higher than planned trading volumes in Q1 and 2 help offset the net impact of Lehman being taken over by Barclays. What do I mean by that? As we described before, it's always better when one client is acquired or merged into another one of our clients versus losing that client to a non-client. However, given that not all of the business from Lehman was purchased by Barclays and given our tiered pricing, we don't expect the same level of revenue from the combined businesses in the SPS segment. However, given the new Neuberger business in the Clearing segment, which I'll go into in a second, we expect all combined - or look at it both ways, SPS and Clearing combined - will be in a net positive position, as Rich mentioned earlier.  Our full year range also comprehends all the impact from other consolidations Rich, again, mentioned earlier. Having said that, there are upside opportunities to sell additional products, like our fixed income and outsourcing to the combined businesses. We also don't expect the second half to have as much growth as we originally planned with respect to internal growth from equity trade volumes. We planned the first half of the year to have lower internal growth than the second, and the reverse may indeed play out given the current economic environment. As we pointed out, in our worst year we still had 3% internal growth from equity trades per day. With respect to margins, the decrease of 310 basis points in the quarter is better than we planned given the uptick in trade volumes and the one-time benefit. Our plan comprehended the higher expenses in the first half associated with incremental investments we made in the second half of last year, as well as lower capitalized conversion expenses this year, which combined created the grow-over expense in the first half of this fiscal year '09. The first half grow-over is why our full year margin ranges are down from the prior year, but in line with our plan and the guidance we gave in August. Let's turn to Slide 13. This is our Clearing and Outsourcing segment, and net new business added 4% to revenues. But this benefit was negatively impacted by the decrease of over 350 basis points in fed funds rates year-over-year, as well as a significant drop in margin lending balances in the latter part of the quarter. The drop in margin lending balances occurred in September and continues into October. Even with the rapid market value declines and increased margin calls, this business did not incur any credit losses and that's given to our tight credit policies.  Let's focus on the year. Revenues for the year are expected to still be in line with guidance we gave in August, and that's due to the net new business, including Neuberger business, which will add 20% to 22% to revenues overall sales. However, we will continue to be negatively impacted from the continued drop in fed funds rates and forecasted rest of the year reduced margin lending balances. Our current plan has this business running at a profit during the second half, but Q2 will still be running at a loss of between $3 to $4 million. We're seeing a slowdown in closing outsourcing deals in the mid to lower end of the market; however, there are more active discussions surrounding larger outsourcing deals but, if signed, won't positively impact revenues until FY '10 given the conversion time. Let's move to Slide 14, Other and FX. With respect to revenues from termination fees, we don't see much of any this year. And, given the current strength of the U.S. dollar and forward rates, we're forecasting FX to be less than our original plan. Therefore, we've adjusted our low and high end for FX down from the August guidance. In the interest line, this quarter benefited from the gain on the bond redemption for must over $8 million. Full year interest expense will be between $14 and $16 million and less the gain gives us the $6 to $8 million you see on the slide. The low end assumes higher LIBOR and the high end assumes lower LIBOR rates. Finally, with respect to corporate and investments, it's just over $6 million for the quarter, and if you annualized it would be about $25 million. We know we'll have founder grants and additional stock comp in Qs 2 through 4 for about $7 million, as well as the timing of other investments. Our original guidance was for $38 to $41 million, and we've cut that back to $30 to $38 million to reflect Q1 actuals and at the low end reduced spend, including reduced bonuses should we hit the low end of our guidance.  Let's move to Slide 15, which is the grow-over discussion. This is a slide you've seen before. As we did in August, we're sharing with you the impact to the quarters for the grow-over items we've previously disclosed. To understand the chart, the first column reflects the grow-over items that actually occurred in Q1 and then the columns with Q1 through 4, called Forecast columns, reflect our plan. There have been some timing differences between quarters, but nothing has changed in aggregate for either the category we call other or the SPS segment.  I'll move on to Slide 16, which is our cash flow. As we've discussed before, we break out cash flows between financing activities related to clearing and what's generated and available for use in the core businesses.  Under the first column, labeled Clearing, I'd point out at the end of September we had $271 million in increased securities clearing activities and $238 million of increased short-term debt, which pretty much relates to the timing and converting assets and liabilities related to the Neuberger business. As I mentioned before, this business has ranges and short-term borrowings at quarter end of between zero to $150 million as part of financing of customer margins, and even with the Neuberger business, we expect to manage to the same level of short-term debt in the future. With respect to all processing activities for the quarter, which is the second column in from the left, there's nothing unique here. Working capital, as I mentioned before, plus or minus any period, due to the timing of receivables and payable, and on a full year basis we expect it will have slightly negative impact due to the growth in receivables approximately equal to the growth in revenues. There was only one acquisition this quarter for $15 million, and the debt paydown of $114 million was within the ranges we shared in August of between $100 to $150 million of additional paydowns. We do not anticipate any additional debt paydown as our long-term debt is now at $324 million, and even [break in audio] short-term borrowings would bring our total debt to $474 million, which approximates our 1 to 1 debt-to-EBITDA ratio which we said we'd achieve with the rating agencies. Having said that, not much has changed with respect to our full year view of sources and uses of cash, which are the last two columns on the page. We did have one small classification change that impacted cash at the beginning of the year by $15 million between Clearing and the rest of the businesses, but it's immaterial to the direction we laid out in August. Rich, I'll now turn it back over to you.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. Let me quickly summarize our fiscal year 2009 guidance as Dan and I have already touched on most of these points. Our revenue growth for the year will be in the range of zero to 3%. This is down from our previous guidance of 2% to 4% primarily as a result of the anticipated continuation of the unfavorable foreign exchange rates due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar [more than] driven revenue and lower distribution fees. We still expect our sales plan to be in the range of $160 million to $180 million. We expect EBIT margins of 15.9% to 16.8%, GAAP EPS of $1.49 to $1.59, non-GAAP EPS of $1.45 to $1.55, and a tax rate of 39%.  And finally, we expect to generate free cash flows in the range of $180 million to $250 million. So let me summarize and leave you a few thoughts on how we feel about the business in these unprecedented times before we go into the Q&A part of the call.  As you've just heard, our fiscal year is off to a good start as our first quarter results were slightly better than expected. The business fundamentals and the operating units are solid, and the business continues to demonstrate its resiliency as our business model is transaction based and not asset based, and thus is not directly tied to the level of the Dow. There have been significant events in these unprecedented times that have increased and reduced revenues for our business, but overall our business continues to be on track, which has put us in a position to reaffirm our full year EPS guidance.  Consolidation in the financial service industry is proving more upside for new business opportunities than downside risk of losing business as more merging firms are selecting the best platform to consolidate onto, and in many cases thus far this has been Broadridge's processing platform. When you consider the large banks that are clients of our Securities Processing segment, Broadridge is well positioned for the future as the firm of choice.  The current unprecedented markets, although far more severe than in 2003, are not as severe to Broadridge as the key factors as different in this market. In this market, there is nothing equivalent to the trade compression that significantly lowered trades per day in the past. Our clients are among the strongest players today and our products are stronger. Therefore, when our clients are winning, we're winning. In cases where our clients aren't winning, we're still being considered. This dynamic has favorably impacted our sales pipeline with some very exciting opportunities. Overall, our business is more resilient today than it was in 2003, and even in a down market, Broadridge generated significant free cash flows. As I look at Broadridge, I see a business where 70% of its revenue and earnings are generated by its Investor Communications segment, where 50% of Broadridge's overall business is arguably irreplaceable in the Investor Communications space and the other 20% of the business leverages the efficiencies of the larger same infrastructure. As I look at our processing services in the Securities Processing and Ridge segments, I see a unique three-tiered processing model that enables high quality broker/dealers to first clear through us using a flexible solution that they can grow on as their business needs change.  So, as I look at Broadridge overall versus the world around us, I'm pleased and proud of how well we're performing, and I continue to be confident that we'll exist this unprecedented market better than we entered it. As I always say, "We're in control of our business, but we don't control the markets we serve." We have and will continue to work very hard to deliver the highest levels of performance, and while I'm disappointed with our stock performance in this turbulent market period, I look forward to our results being recognized and rewarded when the current economic crisis passes. Finally, I want to thank the thousands of Broadridge associates whose tireless efforts have made us number one in everything we do. The accomplishments I've described today came at their great personal sacrifice, and I'm extremely grateful and proud of their commitment.  I'll now turn the call over to Carol, the operator, for the Q&A part of the call. Carol?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.:  The question would be, I'm just trying to get a little bit better understanding of the tiering and the minimums in your Securities Processing Solutions. Is there anyway that you could almost help us understand when you talk about on the slide about your internal growth and you talk about these trades per day, if trades per day are up 3%, how much, you know, per se would revenues be up and, likewise, how much would your earnings be up and what would be the margin associated with that? Just trying to figure out the sensitivity in the model.
Rich Daly: I stated that a 1% change in trades per day is annualized revenue impact of $300,000 to $700,000 based on the mix of clients, whether it be institutional, retail, etc. We're not going to disclose individual client terms and differences in tiering that different clients have found beneficial to them. But I think the overall 1% change, $300,000 to $700,000, gives you a very good indication.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Ian, this quarter - just so everybody knows if you're going back and doing the math - you would apply that same formula and you'd find out boy, it looks like they're more at $2 million for every 1%. But that's strictly due to what we saw in September and into October because of the retail side being up so significantly. And remember, retail has higher pricing per trade than institutional just because they're more difficult to process.  But [you] not be thinking that that's not going to go on and continue for a long period of time, at least that's our expectation, and so Rich is statistics are very good to use on a long-term basis.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.: And is there anyway you could break out retail versus institutional?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, we can think about that, Ian. 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer & Co.: And then the other question would be the cash flow. You talked about increasing the hurdle rate for acquisitions or maybe doing smaller acquisitions. You talked about a buyback program, but it's my understanding that a lot of that is just to offset dilution. Is there anyway that you were thinking about actually increasing that to in a way or in an effort to return the cash flow to shareholders?
Rich Daly: Okay, I think there are two parts in that. If I'm missing one, let me know, Ian. The first part you talked about was acquisitions and increasing the hurdle rate. Valuations are down. It's a reality. So when we go out to look to do a deal, we're looking to get a very good return for our shareholders and, given that valuations are down, given that, you know, Broadridge is down, we would expect higher returns on a transaction right now versus where we were six months ago. So you should be thinking in the mid-20% plus range of a return we would look to get on a deal. And remember, that leveraging our infrastructure, where we have a unique benefit. Going to the question as it relates to buybacks, we're taking a long-term view here, all right? And so these are unprecedented times. I added that a new consideration in the use of cash is liquidity. I emphatically stated that we have the liquidity to deal with these unprecedented markets right now. But liquidity is certainly a bigger topic for everyone, including Broadridge, than it was six months ago, so that's something that gets considered in our use of cash, whether it be acquisitions or buybacks as well.  Specifically as it relates to buybacks, it's regularly reviewed with the Board, okay? At every meeting it's discussed and we consider what's the best use of our cash to give our shareholders a return. I don't see that priority changing, but we will continue to look at this from a long-term point of view, so I simply stated where I was at this point in time through the last Board meeting with my discussions with the Board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  I'm actually going to beat a dead horse and talk about buybacks also. If your hurdle rate or your return that you're thinking you're going to get on these acquisitions is going to be about 20%, [given where] the stock price has gone over the last four months, why not, instead of small little acquisitions, just buy back a lot more shares?  And second, I mean, it's good that you're not looking at any large acquisition at this point, but if you were to look at a large acquisition, what would your appetite be in terms of size?
Rich Daly: From the time of the [spin] we've been consistent in saying that we think Broadridge is well positioned, but we would continue to need to invest in our products, whether that's build or buy, to enable us to continue to win at higher rates in the industry.  So there are two things you should be thinking about when I talk about acquisitions. One, we're looking to get a good return. Two, we also believe that will better position Broadridge to win more overall business in the marketplace. So when I talked about the Black Book of Outsourcing rating of number one, I believe that's because of our successful expansion of our product breadth to make our clients more efficient and more competitive. So the acquisitions fit into that model. Without question, we will not be just looking to buy revenue. And if we were ever looking to buy revenue, it of course would be benchmarked versus the good return we could get by buying our own stock at lower levels.  So all of these things will be considered - liquidity, the strategy of the acquisition, what it will do for us long-term, and by all means, what's the best use of our cash, including buybacks, to give our shareholders a good return.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut - First Manhattan.
David Togut - First Manhattan:  First, if you could address pricing in the Investor Communications business - what are you seeing on a year-over-year basis and what are your expectations going forward? 
Rich Daly: Sure. The Investor Communications space pricing has been relatively stable. We believe that we've been able to offset pricing pressures by consistently improving the accuracy, efficiency and functionality of the products. So we have made our services very close to being indispensable in this space. So it's relatively stable pricing. And on the issuer side, where we add registered issuers, because of our notice and access and our leadership in that activity, we see market opportunity there. But again, I think pricing there will remain relatively stable. 
David Togut - First Manhattan: And then the free cash flow guidance of $180 to $250 million is fairly broad. Could you discuss the assumptions at the low end versus the high end.
Rich Daly: You know, I almost added to my comments - I should say my formal comments - that Dan and I have an internal bet, and I guess you can guess who's betting at the higher end. So I think the $180 is conservative. We are in unprecedented times. Will people start to pay slower, things of that nature. I would expect our free cash flow to be consistent with what we've historically seen, and I'm certainly thinking in the midpoint of that as my starting point.
David Togut - First Manhattan: [inaudible] tracts to possibilities around working capital changes as opposed to any variation in CapEx.
Dan Sheldon: Right. That's the important point to take away. If you look back at the top, you can see about, you know, $15 million is related to our earnings, and then absolutely we control CapEx. And the way to think about CapEx is we don't use a lot of it and we never have used a lot of it. And the rest is all working capital or something that can happen, even, with deferred taxes. So that's the way to look at it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  Rich, I really liked the disclosure on the SPS slide. It's really helpful. I just had a follow up question to some of the detail there. Can you talk more about the platform decision-making process in general in the event of consolidation? How long does it typically take for these decisions to happen? What's the typical outcome on pricing in the event of a win and who bears the conversion cost, the conversion times, etc. Kind of a loaded question, I know, but I get that question quite often.
Rich Daly: Okay, I'm going to break it into two pieces, Tien-Tsin. First of all, each one of these deals, if it's not related to a consolidation is really separate in terms of all the activities. We've seen them move quickly, we've seen then move quickly install, we've seen them move slow and get to end of job, we've seen them move quickly and get to end of job. So it's a firm by firm activity. The good news that I'm feeling is that the people on our platform really have far more flexibility in these high trading times. We always got them to the settlement cycles on time, and we always enable them to open on time. And there aren't a lot of people out there that can say that. This Black Book of Outsourcing clearly rating us number one versus any other player in some many categories - the lowest, I think, we were rated in any category out of the 52 vendors was number four - so the strength of our value proposition will enable some of these conversation and closing cycles, I believe, to improve. Now, separately in consolidations, far more activity, far faster because they have to make a decision which platform to go on. And most firms are looking at this right now as through this consolidation there are opportunities to take out costs. They're not seeing near-term opportunities to grow a lot of revenue. And that's faring well for us as well because that puts more focus on how to get to the best and most efficient platform, and I like the dialogues that we're having right now. They're still major decisions. It's not over until it's over. But I'm going to end with my comment from the script, which is I expect to leave these unprecedented times better than we went into them.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: How about the outcome on pricing, typically in the margin profile of the combined deal in the event of a win?
Rich Daly: What you have - and I apologize for not addressing that - what you have is, if you take two firms who have tiered pricing, the acquiring firm will look to take the best contract and then have the combined volumes reflected in the best contract. But what we're seeing here - so on a specific service you could see a reduction in revenue. What we're seeing here, though, is that, as you saw in the checkmarks there, there are people that weren't on both services and, as long as one of the entities was on the service - whether it be fixed income or equities - we're generally leaving with both services right now. And so we're getting more volume where we hadn't had it before, and we're generally getting the opportunity to offer new services and to have dialogues even around things like outsourcing. So consolidation, higher volumes means you have higher scale, it means you get better pricing. That's a reality and they deserve it. But for us, I think we can become a better and more strategic partner and create more opportunities as we go forward, and that's also why our focus on product expansion, whether it be internally developed or strategically acquired, will remain a high priority.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And then I just had a question on Clearing, two parts, really. Is your liquidity focus, the comment there, is that primarily for the benefit of the Clearing business? And secondarily, given the current environment, how does the pipeline look for adding Clearing clients?
Rich Daly: Great question. Clearing absolutely adds to the liquidity equation for Broadridge, and if we hadn't had the Clearing business, the tone of this call would have been slightly different because we wouldn't have been able to add the Neuberger business.  And the fact that we added the Neuberger business in days - that client was converted in days; I don't think anyone has ever heard someone being converted in days before - not only enabled us to retain or add a significant new line of revenue, but what it also enabled us to do is demonstrate to the world that this really is the most reliable and I would argue safest platform for you to be on as you consider your business needs going forward. So Clearing uses liquidity, but the Clearing model has given us the flexibility to win in these very difficult market times.
Dan Sheldon: I would just add that when we're thinking about liquidity, it is correct the Clearing business is what we're focused on here. And we said we feel very good about it. I mean, we've shared with everyone that we have a $500 million revolver, and that revolver is good for another 3.5 years. As well as we have our uncommitted lines. They're with very good, solid banks who have also said to us there's no reason to be concerned that those bank lines are going to go away. So that's what gives us the overall comfort in saying - and again, you saw the debt level; it was only $238. You've got a revolver of $500 plus an additional line. That's not considering, for us, to be thinking we have any kind of a liquidity issue. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And then just adding, the opportunity to add Clearing clients in the current environment and then also a lot of regulatory changes going on, I'm curious as to how you might benefit from that. 
Rich Daly: Bear in mind our focus - when we add Clearing clients is they have to meet our very, very strict creditworthiness standards. So it's business as usual, but we're very pleased that we have the credit policies we have. Those credit policies will remain in place. And so our focus will be to add high-quality Clearing clients, but our primary focus in this business - and the key strategic reason why we went into it - was because we have the unique opportunity to add outsourcing clients, which no one else in the industry has the ability to offer at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Maharth Kapur - Credit Suisse.
Maharth Kapur - Credit Suisse:  Dan, would you be able to walk me through some of the changes on your balance sheet from the last quarter in terms of the cash balances, the rise in short-term debt and some of the securities payables and when you expect that, if you expect that, you know, to go back to, I guess, the levels of last quarter, when would that happen?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, absolutely. You mentioned cash first. I think you can see that the cash is down, you know, from the - we'll call it June 30, and that's all due primarily to the payment of the purchase back of the bond.  And when you're thinking about all the other changes in receivables, payables, I'll call it short-term debt as well as securities with regulatory groups, the way to think about that is all those changes are primarily due to the conversion of Neuberger. And as far as any concern of being that the debt levels at $238 will come back down to the - and this is, again, the short-term debt levels - back to the level I talked about in the call, which was anywhere between zero and $150 million and maybe spiking a couple of times, there's no reason to believe that those debt levels won't come back down.  And all the receivables and payables, by the way, are back down to what I'll call the normal kind of levels now that we've got Neuberger fully integrated inside the business. And actually, you could probably see - and, you know, we're just projecting here - that as we move forward in some of the quarters, we'll probably see where those margin lending debits start shrinking some more and also we'll see an increase in how much what we call payables, which will be showing much where people are holding onto cash. 
Maharth Kapur - Credit Suisse: So you're saying these levels already are a bit more - I guess, have come down by now at the end of the quarter since Neuberger's already come on?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. Now that Neuberger's fully integrated in. During the September 30, Neuberger was actually converting in, so that absolutely - when you've got assets and liabilities coming in on a little bit different timing, that creates a little bit of what we'll call the increase that you saw. At the same time, I believe that those - and I already have seen in October where they have come down, including the debt levels have absolutely come down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Anurag Rana - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Rich, I just wanted to get an idea about [SEC starts] about notice and access now. Now it's been some time and, you know, if you think the change at the center might have an impact. Just anything on that would be helpful.
Rich Daly: Well, first of all, our friends at the SEC have been a little busy these days, so even though we're meeting with the staff on notice and access and future activities, obviously the organization is consumed by the current financial activities going on in the markets. The thing I feel best about is on new dialogues about communications, there's a clear recognition that, although notice and access may have added efficiency to the markets in terms of cost, there's a significant reduction in individual investor participation caused by it. So as we go forward and look at the opportunities to use technology, to deliver different communications, I am hopeful and I've certainly in my dialogues and our dialogues with the staff of the SEC, there's a full recognition that push models really are the way you need to communicate with individual investors. Beyond that, I think notice and access has been viewed as being successful. We have been asked to see if there's ways through technology and through creativity we can increase the individual investor participation rate in both voting and looking at material when notice and access is used. And although I didn't mention it here, it's our investor network that we think would be one of the key ways to do that. The only update I can give you on the investor network is we're rolling out an internal pilot for friends and family, and I'm hoping in the future to be talking more about that with a very excited tone.
Operator: I'm showing that we have no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: All right. Well, I know we gave you a lot of information today. I really want to thank you for your patience through that. I want to thank you for your thoughtful questions, and Dan, Marvin and I are going to look forward to chatting with you in the near future. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims – VP, IR Rich Daly – CEO Dan Sheldon – VP and CFO
Analysts:  Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan Milan Gupta – South Point Capital Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp Charlie Park [ph] - Finlink Park [ph]
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. I would now like to inform you that this call is being recorded, and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' remarks. Please try to limit your question to one per participant. I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Marvin Sims:  Thank you, Carol. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008. I am Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning I am here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge; and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge. I am sure by now everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and the slide presentation that will accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our Web site at Broadridge.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call, we will discuss some forward-looking statements that involve risks, and these risks are discussed here on Slide 1 and in our periodic filings with the SEC.  During the review of our financial results, to provide the appropriate point-to-point comparison between fiscal '08 and fiscal '07, all pretax and net earnings numbers discussed throughout the presentation are non-GAAP, and exclude one-time transition expenses and interest on new debt unless otherwise disclosed. For fiscal year 2009 GAAP earnings, the appropriate point-to-point comparison to fiscal year 2008 pretax and net earnings is to exclude one time transition expenses from fiscal 2008 earnings numbers. The actual GAAP reported numbers in comparison are also listed. During review of the segment results, again for the appropriate point-to-point comparison for full year revenue and operating profits, we'll discuss adjusted numbers that reflect a change in the methodology that occurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 for intersegment allocations between the Clearing and Outsourcing segment and the other two Broadridge segments. I am happy to say that this is the last time you have to hear this statement as in fiscal year 2009, the actual segment results for each year will be the appropriate comparison. As always, a reconciliation to GAAP numbers is available in the presentation appendix as well as in the press release. Now let's turn to the next slide and review today's agenda. Rich Daly will start today's meeting with his opening remarks and provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter and full year as well as guidance for fiscal year 2009 and a discussion on a few key topics. Dan will then review the financial results in further detail for the fourth quarter and 2008 fiscal year as well as summarize the outlook for fiscal year 2009. Rich will then return and provide his summary and some closing thoughts before we head into Q&A part of the call. Now please turn to the next slide, and I will turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly:  Thanks Marvin. Good morning. Well, I hope you're all doing well. While I feel terrific about the business, as you'll probably hear, I seem to have picked up a summer cold this week, so my already raspy voice will probably be even raspier, so I will try to minimize the throat clearings, but I do appreciate you all bearing with me. As part of my opening remarks, I will discuss the following topics. First, a summary of the financial results for the full year and fourth quarter of the 2008 fiscal year, then a review of the financial guidance for fiscal year 2009 where I will touch on business segment performance, initiatives and how the world around us is affecting the key business drivers for each segment. Finally, I'll provide an update on some cash policies and the credit rating agencies. Let me start by saying that overall I'm pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, as the business fundamentals in our operating units continued to be solid. This has been a good year especially when you consider the economic conditions in which we achieved these results. For the fourth quarter, we had revenue growth of 2% and 3% growth for the full year, both negatively impacted by reduced distribution fees related to Notice & Access. More importantly though, fee only revenue growth was 7% for the quarter and 6% for the fiscal year. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS excluding one-time transition expenses of $0.71 puts us at $1.42 for fiscal year 2008, which is within our latest full year guidance range of $1.35 to $1.45. When we started the 2008 fiscal year, I had anticipated this being the second down-year in my career. But I am pleased to report that this has turned out not to be the case as we exceeded last year's GAAP and non-GAAP pretax earnings. This year, we exceeded the financial guidance we had set at the beginning of the year and we were even able to grow over the two large client losses from fiscal year 2007. We also improved operating margins by 60 basis points. We generated strong cash flow and we paid down $170 million in debt, putting us at our debt to EBITDA ratio target of 1 to 1, a full year ahead of schedule. EPS at $1.42 is $0.21 per share, ahead of the midpoint of our original guidance. Let me try to put that into context for you. Our first half performance was driven by higher than expected trading volumes, which drove results an additional $0.09 per share. We also benefited from termination fees and one-time items related to the timing of our public company infrastructure and investment-spend ramp ups. This gave us another $0.10 per share. Our second half performance for revenues and earnings was slightly better than our original guidance and were driven by strong recurring revenues in the fourth quarter from our core investor communications business. This provided the remaining EPS benefit. The fourth quarter is the biggest quarter for the communications business segment, driven primarily by the proxy season.  Our proxy season was solid and in line with our expectations due to higher equity stock record growth. This resulted in strong growth and recurring revenues, a slightly higher than anticipated adoption rate for Notice & Access, and higher traditional electronic delivery rates driven by our new Investor Mailbox product.  The core business isn't only performing well, but it's extending its market leadership. I will talk more about Notice & Access, our Investor Mailbox product, and other new opportunities later in my fiscal year 2009 business segment discussion. Event-driven revenues were down slightly in the fourth quarter and were basically flat to the year. Contributions from mutual fund proxy specifically one large job were offset by drops in proxy contest, M&A and other event-driven activities. One note regarding the recent Yahoo! annual meeting, we failed to report all director-withheld votes for two bank nominees due to an isolated systems error. We take this very seriously. We fixed the problem and are in the process of expanding the extensive internal and big four audit firm external reviews we already performed. Moving on to the transaction reporting which is our statement income from [ph] business. We had a solid quarter due to the traditional business drivers related to products, volumes and new sales. As previously disclosed, lost clients grow-over finally hit its anniversary date in March and therefore is no longer relevant. The communications segment is responsible for approximately 70% of our revenue and operating profit for the year. This is a rock solid business that has performed consistently, steadily and reliably in a market that has none of those traits. The fourth quarter results in our Securities Processing segment and Clearing and Outsourcing segments are in line with our expectations. Overall, the combined Securities Processing businesses are performing at acceptable levels and better than we would have forecasted in the current market environment. While we're exiting the year as expected in the Securities Processing segment, we're behind our expectations in the clearing segment due to the decreases in the fed funds rate which primarily impacted us in the second half of the fiscal year. However, the interest income shortfall that's created in the Clearing and Outsourcing business was the largely offset by lower corporate interest expense. We generated new business growth for both the quarter and the full year and we were able to grow over the previously disclosed lost revenue from TD Waterhouse. We signed one outsourcing client in Q4 which brings us to 5 clients on outsourcing with annualized revenue now over $20 million. We added 10 new clearing clients during the year. Given our strong value proposition, we're disappointed we didn't land a large deal in this space, but we continue to work several opportunities. Our consolidated closed sales for the quarter were in line with our expectations as we ended the year with total sales of $149 million, 60% of which were recurring and 40% event-driven. This was a great year for sales. We had a 19% growth over last year and we were 6% ahead of our annual sales plan.  We have a strong high-quality pipeline that continues to improve. In market like this, there's a significant need for firms to take cost out and through virtually all of our products, we raise quality and reduce costs. Now that fiscal year 2008 is in context, let's move on to the overview of our guidance for fiscal year 2009. Despite a tough economic backdrop, our sales plan for fiscal year 2009 will increase to a range of $160 million to $180 million. This represents approximately a 7% to 21% growth rate over our strong 2008 sales achievement. I will talk a little bit more about sales in my fiscal year 2009 business segment discussions. Overall, we expect fiscal year 2009 to be a solid year with the operating units continuing to perform well in a challenging market led by the core investor communication business. We anticipate revenue growth for the fiscal year in the range of 2% to 4%, with 3% to 7% growth in fee only revenue. We expect revenue growth in every quarter for the year and in every segment for the year We are expecting fiscal year 2009 EPS in a range of $1.45 to $1.55. This puts GAAP EPS growth in a range of 7% to 14%, or numerically, $1.36 versus this new range of $1.45 to $1.55. However, the appropriate point-to-point EPS comparison would probably be to compare fiscal year 2009 GAAP earnings with fiscal year 2008 non-GAAP EPS excluding transition expenses. This results in EPS growth in a range of 2% to 9% from $1.42 to a range of $1.45 to $1.55. The first half of fiscal year 2009 will be a tough EPS comparison as a result of the 10% EPS benefit in fiscal year 2008 from one-time items related to termination fees and the timing of our spending for our public company infrastructure build that I just spoke about before. This creates a first half grow-over in fiscal year 2009.  The second half of fiscal year 2009 will not be impacted by these grow-over items and will show stronger EPS contribution from revenue more characteristic of the ongoing businesses, driven by the core communications business. I'm satisfied with the business unit growth of our 2008 plan as we're expecting revenue and margin improvement in our consolidated core business segments. Now, let's move on to the business segment overview. I'll start with our largest segment, Investor Communication Solutions. As I mentioned earlier, the ICS segment represents over 70% of Broadridge's revenue and operating profits. We anticipate fee revenue growth for this segment in a range of 5% to 9% which feels great. Overall revenue growth will be in a range of 2% to 4%, but that's just given the decline in postage. We are anticipating close sales in a range of $100 million to $110 million, of which 50% is expected to be recurring and 50% is expected to be event-driven. Event-driven sales will primarily be related to mutual fund proxies. For the second year in a row, we're expecting solid sales for both registered equity proxy and transaction reporting, which we expect will drive our recurring sales activity. Our strategic leadership around Notice & Access in the core communications business has increased the chasm between Broadridge and our competitors. Our leadership in Notice & Access has resulted in industry-wide savings of an additional $140 million. The 600 or so companies that took advantage of the program realized significant savings in postage and print costs. Our industry leading Notice & Access solution gave us entre to sell our registered proxy services to over 350 new companies increasing our client count by 45% to approximately 1,200 public companies. Despite the industry's financial success from Notice & Access, the reduced rate of voter participation by retail shareholders that resulted remains an industry challenge, but it's an opportunity for Broadridge to once again provide industry leadership. Notice & Access has had a slightly better financial impact on Broadridge than we originally anticipated. This was primarily due to winning new clients for our registered proxy services as well as selling a greater percentage of the ancillary services that are required to support Notice & Access. Although other vendors offer these ancillary services, we believe we had a higher win ratio because of our strong one-stop shop value proposition and our subject matter expertise. In fiscal year 2009, we're anticipating a 40% adoption rate for Notice & Access. The fact that we ended a full year with an adoption rate of 28% and we had an adoption rate during our fourth quarter proxy season of 31%, lead us to believe that 40% is a reasonable estimate. Event-driven revenues are anticipated to be virtually flat to slightly down this year given the current economic environment we're still in. Although we're in a down market, we don't expect to see the fall off in event-driven revenues that we experienced in fiscal year 2003, when it was down 30%. In fiscal year 2008, we did see a decline in proxy contest and M&A activity. However, the changes in mutual fund regulatory focus requiring more activity, our market share gains and our new products in the mutual fund space lead us to believe that there will be less volatility than we experienced in the past. As we exit this down market, we anticipate we'll get back to realizing the greater than 10% CAGRs and event-driven revenue we experienced before in the past. Now, I'll talk about a few other product opportunities in this segment. Summary prospectus is a pending regulatory change related to how investment companies communicate with investors. It could result in mutual fund prospectuses going from 20 plus pages today down to, say, five or so pages. Although the regulatory change would most likely have a negative impact on our pick-and-pack fulfillment business, the change could drive opportunities for our print-on-demand business. Directionally, we view it similarly to the way we saw the Notice & Access regulatory change. Our Investor Mailbox product which is part of our e-delivery solution is designed to streamline multiple delivery channels into a single visit financial portal that investors find on their broker's Web site. This product is having a positive impact by converting investors from traditional hard copy delivery to electronic delivery. Investor Mailbox has been the primary driver for increasing our electronic delivery rate for proxies from 47% to 52% this fiscal year. I believe one of the new and exciting opportunities is around what we're calling the Investor Network. It's really unusual for us to be talking about something so early in its development, but the range of this opportunity could be anything from negligible to a unique and meaningful financial social network which could be really big. The Investor Network is an online electronic form that will facilitate shareholder to shareholder communications with a unique feature that will differentiate it from the chat rooms in existence today. Investors who use our Investor Network will be validated as real shareholders. This feature will not only enhance shareholder to shareholder communications, but it will provide a new channel of communication between shareholders and companies. When the SEC expressed a desire to enable better communications between shareholders using today's online technology, Broadridge stepped up to help provide a workable solution by leveraging our unique capabilities. The Investor Network will validate shareholders through the core plumbing [ph] of the Investor Communications segment while allowing institutional, retail and professional investors to remain anonymous. We are uniquely positioned to create a vibrant social network that validates real shareholders while allowing both anonymity and accountability for any statements made online. Through providing industry-wide technology-based solutions for Notice & Access, summary prospectus and the new Investor Networks, we continue to demonstrate that we are in the communications solution business and it's so much more than merely an ink on paper or physical distribution business. Another recent focus in the ICS segment is the realignment of our organizational structure from a product structure to a market facing structure. We assigned the responsibility for servicing the mutual fund market to an executive committee corporate officer executive. The focus of this new alignment is that it will create an increased focus on the market penetration that we believe we can achieve in the mutual fund space and to continue our efforts to become more client-centric in creating new revenue opportunities. Our core communication business plays a mission critical role in assisting broker-dealers, corporate issuers and mutual funds to comply with corporate governance requirements. As those requirements continue to evolve, they will create new product and servicing opportunities for Broadridge. I made it this far, so I'm going to take a sip of my tea. Now, I want to talk about our Securities Processing solutions and Clearing and Outsourcing segments. For the Securities Processing segment, in fiscal 2009, we anticipate revenue growth in a range 2% to 4%, and in the Clearing and Outsourcing segment, we anticipate revenue growth in a range of 8% to 16%.  For the combined Securities Processing businesses, we're anticipating closed sales in a range of $60 million to $70 million. We expect $25 million to $35 million of these closed sales to be related to outsourcing. We still expect we can generate $100 million in Broadridge revenues over the next three years through outsourcing.  The current sales plan represents about a third of that goal and we expect that number to build each year. The outsourcing offering typically has an implementation cycle of six to nine months. Therefore, we'll see little revenue this year coming from sales closed in fiscal year 2009. New revenue in fiscal year 2009 will come primarily from closed sales from fiscal year 2008. This, though, is typical of our sales to revenue creation cycle. On the acquisition front, we recently completed the acquisition of Investigo. This was a tuck-in transaction with an upfront purchase price of less than $15 million and an earn-out potential of about the same amount. With this transaction, we continue to execute our plan to expand and deepen our wealth management offering as part of a strategy to enhance our retail processing platform and transaction reporting capabilities. Additionally, we see a cross-selling opportunity as the Investigo acquisition provides us access to its insurance broker-dealer clients and other similar firms which haven't traditionally been part of Broadridge's customer base. As I mentioned during our last earnings call and earlier in my comments, the current market condition should continue to provide new client opportunity. However, there has been a much higher than normal senior executive turnover on our industry, which seems to have slowed our progress in closing large deals.  Finally, we're not aware of any large clients leaving us in these two segments. We continue to work with our clients JP Morgan and the former Bear Stearns to provide solution that will benefit both organizations. Both the SPS and Clearing and Outsourcing businesses are well positioned and to our outsourcing offering, I believe our prospects are good. I viewed fiscal '08 as a tough market and we're planning for fiscal '09 to be about the same. I don't know when it will turn, but I've been around long enough to know all bad markets do come to an end. Now, let's move on and talk about some policy updates related to cash and our use of free cash flows. In fiscal year 2009, we anticipate generating free cash flow in the range of $180 million to $215 million. Dan will go on to components and drivers later. I want to focus on three particular uses of free cash flow. First, as most of you know by now, we recently initiated a self tender offer to repurchase some our outstanding notes. We believe the current price of the notes and the related interest rate makes us a good opportunity.  The second item relates to returning cash to our shareholders. We'll continue to pay a dividend, which our Board has recently increased from $0.24 to $0.28 per share annually, representing a 17% increase. Our Board has also approved a share repurchase program that authorizes the open market purchase of up to 2 million shares to cover the dilution created from our equity compensation programs.  The third item is we would like to be more acquisitive in fiscal 2009 which includes a focus on international as well. So, as we proceed with our note self tender initiative, our increased dividend payout and our share repurchase program, we still have sufficient free cash flows to pursue our acquisition strategy. Now, I'll provide you with a brief credit rating update. Fitch has recently initiated coverage of Broadridge with a solid investment grade credit rating of BBB flat with a stable outlook. We believe this rating reflects the solid business we have. That's my opening.  I will now turn it over to Dan for his review of the financials.
Dan Sheldon:  Thanks Rich. I'm on slide 8. On slide 8, we're going to review Q4 and FY '08. First thing I'd like to point out is remind everyone that Q4 is our largest quarter and represents 35% of our revenues and over 50% of our earnings for any fiscal year and this is due to the proxy season in our ICS segment.  Our revenue growth, as Rich mentioned, was in line with our forecast at 2% for the quarter bringing in the year at 3%. A couple of comments I'd like to make here. First of all, it's important to focus on fee revenue growth, which for the quarter and the year were 7% and 6%, respectively, and represents 60% of our revenue today and in the future will continue to grow and have the highest margins.  The other 40% of our revenues are related to distribution or postage and this revenue is down year-over-year primarily due to Notice & Access and increased electronic distribution, which I'll go into more detail when discussing the ICS segment. The takeaway is that incremental increases in service fee revenues contribute higher margin dollars than those margin dollars lost due to any distribution revenue drop. I'll also address in more detail the other revenue drivers when I review the segments. Focusing now on our pretax earnings before transition expenses and interests, it's down 100 basis points for the quarter but up 60 basis points for the year. Let me recap the quarter for you. The quarter was positively impacted from solid Investor Communications services performance and negatively impacted from our Securities Processing and Other category. More details when I go through the segments in Other. The full year positive impact is primarily due to the Investor Communications mix in the business. I'd also point out that FY '08 was going to be a down-year given the negative impact from the two large clients we lost in FY '07. Both have reached their anniversary dates and showed us some small grow-over in Q1 related to our clearing segment. They will no longer have any negative impact to our businesses. With respect to earnings per share, before transition expenses down for both the quarter and the year due to what I just previously discussed for pretax, as well as interest expense was up $19 million to $31 million, as in FY '07, we only had one quarter of interest. For our effective tax rate, it is up to 41% for the year versus a forecast of 39% and this is due to final one-time adjustments from our spin. You'll see our FY '09 guidance that we expect the effective tax rate to be back around 39%. We will hopefully see opportunities to reduce this rate further with respect to state taxes as we continue to work with the states on tax credits.  All spin-related expenses, whether one-time or tax, should now be behind us as we move into fiscal year '09. Earnings per share is at the higher end of our guidance for both quarter and the year primarily due to the solid performance as Rich mentioned in our Investor Communications segment in the fourth quarter. Let's move on to the segments and I'm now on slide 9. This is our Investor Communications segment. You'll see at the top of the page, we break total revenue into the various components. First, we split between fee and distribution revenue, which is about a 50/50 split, and again our distribution revenues are primarily postage. Then we further split fee revenues between recurring and event driven.  The revenue growth 2% for the quarter and 1% for the year translate into the following. Fee is up 9% and 5% respectively and all growth coming from recurring as event driven is down for the quarter and flat for the year. With respect to recurring revenue for the quarter, which also drives the year, as contributions from net new business which is sales less losses, internal growth from proxy and mutual funds additional positions, which we call stock record growth, and the Notice & Access activity primarily in the fourth quarter. Our event driven is virtually flat for the quarter and the year.  Sales in our mutual fund proxy were up over 15% for the year from $79 million to $92 million, but offset by the fall off in the equity proxy contest, merges and acquisitions, and other activity went from $78 million to $64 million and this is not surprising given the economic environment we're in. With respect to distribution revenues, they are down for both the quarter and the year and all primarily due to Notice & Access and an increase in our equity proxy electronic suppression rate, which were partially offset by increases in the US post office and normal business growth. With respect to margins for both the quarter and the year, they are up due to a combination of scale in the business, Notice & Access, and the mix in distribution margins especially in the first half of the year.  With respect to '09, we'll give some guidance here looking at revenue growth consolidated 2% to 4% and fee revenue growth of 5% to 9%. Our distribution fee is virtually flat again due to increased participation we are expecting in Notice & Access and continued increases in suppression, again offset by additional net new business and expected postage rate increases.  With respect to the fee revenue growth at the high of the guidance, event driven revenues pick up per M&A activity and mutual fund proxies, with an additional point from increase stock record growth related to equity in interim. At the low end, if a continued falloff in event driven revenues and flat stock record growth. Our margins, we are expecting to be up 40 basis points to 80 basis points, given the revenues and the mix in those revenues. Let's turn to slide 10 for a review of our Securities Processing Solutions segment. With respect to revenue growth, about 2% for both the quarter and the year, our net new business was down for both the quarter and the year but less so in the quarter as we benefit from increased sales contribution to revenue, primarily from our RBC client which went live at the end of February. Our internal growth for the quarter benefited from fixed income trade volume increases in equity client trade mix. Our equity trades per day were virtually flat.  The contribution for the year came primarily from Q1 increases in trade volumes over the prior year. Equity trades per day continue to be in the 2 million to 5 million range per day and we've not seen any growth in these trades per day in the second half of this year. With respect to margins, they are down to 21% for the quarter as we had forecasted. The decrease primarily related to no longer capitalizing RND implementation costs related to the RBC and those expenses are returning to our expense run rate.  As we've discussed before on major implementations, we have internal R&D expenses that are capitalized and then amortized over the term of the contracts. When these large implementations are completed, the expenses that were being capitalized return to the expense run rate and the people are assigned to projects related to system enhancements and maintenance that are not capitalizable. With respect to guidance for FY '09, our revenue growth will be in the 2% to 4% range, the low-end reflective a virtually flat trade volumes and potential delay in sales implementation, and at the high end, increased trade volume growth. The 21% Q4 margin is the new step off for this business as we move into FY '09. However, we expect improvements to margins from 21% as you can see on the sheet to 25.3% to 26% as we go throughout next year and add new additional businesses. Again, this shows the scalability in this business. If you lose a client or you have any cost coming back in, it negatively impacts the margin, but as you add new business on, it significantly and quickly brings the margins back up. Let's go slide 11. We're in the Clearing and Outsourcing at this point. So with respect to revenue growth for the quarter and the year, it's down 8% for the quarter and up 2% for the year. As we discussed before, the drop in the fed fund rate negatively impacted revenue margin by $2 million this quarter and $4 million for the fiscal year primarily in the second half, and that's what drives the negative 8% revenue growth for the quarter.  As Rich mentioned, the negative impact, however, was for the most part offset by our corporate interest expense on our long term debt due to the LIBOR rate coming down as well. Sales contributions are very good, but not enough to offset yet the loss of the TD outsourcing business. The anniversary date for TD loss is August as of this year. We did sign one new outsourcing deal in Q4 and that brings total sales in FY '08 to three new clients. As we mentioned, the outsourcing pipeline is strong, and with respect to margin improvement, it is an improvement of $2 million year-over-year and in line with the last guidance we gave in May. Let's turn to slide 12 which is Other and foreign exchange. With respect to slide 12, for both revenues and margins, we've broken Other into its major categories. Termination fees read an all-time high this year at $9 million and in most years, are $0 million to S1 million contributions.  FX, the US dollar continued to decline especially against the Canadian dollar and contributed for the fiscal year $27 million of revenue growth from a negative $13 million to a positive $14 million, and $12 million of margin growth from a negative $6 million to a positive $6 million. As for FY '09, we are holding the US dollar constant to the other currencies at the high end of our guidance and assuming there could be an improvement in the US dollar at the low end of the guidance. Corporate and investments in FY '09 will increase between $7 million and $9 million due to the first half of FY '08 where we're still building our corporate departments and haven't really started our incremental investments spend we have previously talked about. On the next slide, I'll go into more details on that. Finally, with respect to interest expense, our June 30th long term debt is at $447 million and we plan to take that down another $100 million to $150 million by the end of FY '09. We'll pay down at least $75 million in this quarter by repurchasing some our 10-year bond which we incurred interest expense of just over 6% per annum today.  Although we have achieved our 1 to 1 debt to EBITDA ratio at the end of June of '08, our clearing business had no debt and currently averages about $50 million a day in short term debt. The rating agencies are very focused on us maintaining a 1 to 1 ratio and include short term borrowing in their calculations of debt to EBITDA. Therefore, we'll drive long term debt down to $300 million to $350 million in FY '09 so as to cover anywhere between $100 million to $150 million in short term debt needs related to the clearing and still maintain our 1 to 1 ratio. Turning to slide 13, this is where I will review with you our grow-over issues. This slide highlights the grow-over items from FY '08 into FY '09, which negatively impact the first two quarters of FY '09. The combination of termination fees falling off by $7 million in the first two quarters and our corporate and investment build of $17 million creates a $0.10 negative impact to earnings per share in the first half of FY '09. As well, in the second quarter, we have found a grants carryover of $5 million which is both a negative to the first half but a positive to the second half given the timing of last year's grant expense recognition.  I've also included the impact due to our Securities Processing RBC return to run rate expenses where we no longer capitalize the R&D implementation. So, with respect to the $17 million in corporate and interest increases, these were planned by the way to start in the first quarter of FY '08, but didn't ramp up until the end of the second quarter in '08 and this timing creates the grow-over. Net-net, we have almost $40 million in grow-overs in the first half. Q4 will always, by the way, be our largest quarter in any given year given the proxy season and quarters one through three as far as compares year-over-year can be positively or negatively impacted due to the timing of event-driven revenues as they don't repeat in the same quarters each year as well as fluctuations in distribution fee revenues and related margins. Let's move on to slide 14 which is the cash flows. As discussed before, we look at our cash flows with and without the clearing business, as clearing is self funding and doesn't require any of the cash generated from our core operations to fund the business. Clearing does usually require short term borrowings which I discussed on the earlier page and at June 30th, FY '08, clearing had no short term borrowing, and at June 30th, FY '07 had 109, so you can kind of see how it fluctuates there. So, focus will always be on what we define as our all other processing activities which for fiscal year '08 was in the middle column and fiscal year '09 is to the far right, and that's what I am going to focus on in the rest of the conversation. Our fiscal year '08 net cash flows provided by operating activities of $ 336 million in the middle of the page generated $144 million above earnings. Let me put that into perspective. Half of it is coming from non-cash P&L items and the other half coming from improved working capital specifically related to receivable collections. We put a lot of effort this year behind speeding up receivables and expect to maintain our current improved days outstanding so I expect in the future working capital will be more of a use, but a small use of cash approximately equal to the revenue growth as related to growth in net receivables. Cash flows from investing, CapEx and intangibles for both FY '08 and '09 is still about at our 2% to 2.5% of revenue and this is in line with our long term objectives. Free cash flows should usually be above net earnings due to stock compensation benefit as depreciation and amortization should be about the same over the long term as CapEx.  With respect to cash flows from other investing and financing activities, acquisitions show as currently not in guidance. Now, what that does mean? It means that cash used for acquisitions as well as any impact to our revenues and earnings from future acquisitions are not in our guidance. However, as Rich mentioned, we do expect to be more acquisitive in the future. As for cash flows from financing activities, I mentioned when discussing interest that we would most likely pay down an additional $100 million to $150 million in long term debt. We did not pay down any debt in Q4 of FY '08 as we're waiting to take advantage of the bond repurchases in Q1 of FY '09. Therefore, part of the $172 million that you see as cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year in that second column will be used to take advantage and used for the bond repurchases and any other debt pay down we make.  And by the way, we increased our dividend and expect to buy back shares to the extent of stock compensation dilution up to 2 million shares. So before acquisitions, we expect to have $128 million to $250 million in cash and cash equivalents in 2009. Let us move on to page -- or slide 15. Here is where we review the 2009 fiscal guidance summary. First bullet is very important. As you look at our history, we're impacted by up and down markets. In our up markets like fiscal year '05 through '07, expect high single double digit revenue growth and in down-market expect negative to low single digit revenue growth. We are definitely in the down market and that's how we see '09.  However, at this point, we've not been made aware of any significant losses due to consolidations or reductions in event-driven revenue and trade volumes are flat, but not significantly down. So FY '09 with the 3% to 7% fee revenue growth looks pretty good to us given the current state of the environment and compared to what we did experience in fiscal '03 in our last down-market. Other statistics on here, sales plan for the year $160 million to $180 million, a split thinking about 60/40, 60% going to recurring and 40% going to the event. Earnings before interest and taxes, margins 15.9 to 16.6, diluted earnings per share of $1.45 to $1.55, interest expense of approximately $19 million, our effective tax rate coming back to 39%, no additional one-time transition expenses, free cash flows in a range again of $180 million to $250 million, and again that's free cash flow. As I described on the other page, we expect our cash or cash equivalents at the end of year before acquisitions be at $128 million to $250 million. We recently completed the Investigo acquisition and that is contemplated in our guidance and diluted weighted average shares of approximately 143 million. With that said, I will now turn the meeting back over to Rich. 
Rich Daly: Thanks Dan. I want to just clarify one of the stats Dan gave you back in the Securities Processing. The number is -- that trades per day continue to be in the 2.5 million range and that we haven't seen any growth in trades per day in the second half of the year. What I love about Dan is that I can ask him any of these stats all day long and he gives me instant answers. So, let me summarize and give you a few thoughts on how I feel about the business before we go on to the Q&A part of the call. As you have just heard, fiscal year 2008 was a good year. We exceeded our original financial objectives, we improve margins, and we grew our revenues over the previously announced two large client losses. We've taken the uncertainty of Notice & Access and turned it into a positive for both public companies and Broadridge.  Through our industry leadership, Notice & Access was successfully implemented and the industry realized a $140 million in savings. We gained more market share and improved earnings. And companies as well as the SEC see us as the experts and innovators when it comes to corporate governance process evolution. We generated strong cash flows allowing us to pay down $170 million in debt and we will continue to use our strong cash flows to maintain our debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 to 1, as well as continue to invest in the business including being more acquisitive. We've also increased our annual dividend by 17% to $0.28 per share and we've implemented a share buyback program to offset the dilution from our equity compensation plans. In fiscal year 2009, we're expecting to have revenue growth in every quarter, and despite the current challenging economic backdrop, we anticipate fiscal year 2009 being another solid year as the business units are expected to continue to do well in this down-market lead by the core communication business. The first half of fiscal year of 2009 will be impacted by grow-overs, which will not impact the second half of fiscal year 2009. The biggest piece of our business, the Investor Communications segment is growing with better recurring revenues and is better off today than it was a year ago. We believe with potential new opportunities like Investor Network, Investor Mailbox and summary prospectus that our core communications business will continue to be a great business. In the 2008 fiscal year, a large part of our focus was on developing the financial results that we said we could deliver as well as getting our feet on the ground as a new public company after the spin off from AVP. We accomplished these two objectives and now in the 2009 fiscal year and beyond, our effort and attention are solely focused on growing the business at a higher growth rate. To do this, we will need to focus on a few key strategies. We have to continue strengthening our value proposition in order to raise our sales growth. Drive new solutions that differentiate us in the market and identify acquisitions that can leverage our mission critical processing expertise and our distribution channel capabilities. By successfully executing these strategies, we believe we can create a tipping point for our core products. We believe the incremental functionality that will be derived from the higher levels of investments we've made in the business will create this tipping point and will push the key decision makers to outsource more mission critical functions to us.  Overall, the business is well positioned in managing through tough economic times better than it has historically and I feel good about prospects for the upcoming fiscal year. I am confident that our improved business fundamentals will enable us to achieve even better result in normal markets in the future. As you've heard me say in the past, Broadridge is not in control of the markets, but we are in control of our business. With that I would like to use this opportunity to again thank all of our highly-engaged associates for being in control of our business, a real part of their lives. With that, I am going now to turn it back over to Carol, the operator, for the Q&A part of the call.
Operator:  Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer & Company.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer:  Thank you. A very good quarter. My question is just focus on the free cash flow. You talked about 180 to 250, why not get more aggressive as far as your share buyback program, unless you have another acquisition up your sleeve or my understanding is you probably don’t have a large one so you probably -- it would make sense buying more shares but I would love to hear what you guys have to say. Thanks.
Rich Daly:  Ian, first of all, thanks for the comments, and we believe the best opportunity for us is to create value by creating top line revenue growth. So, our focus is going to be to invest in the business by improving our value propositions which we have been doing to accelerate our sales rate, creating new products, things like the Investor Network which we've already invested pretty well into, to take advantage of leveraging our market position and we believe that both our process capabilities, the reputation we have in the market and our distribution channel capabilities really should enable to us to identify more acquisitions with the start we've done. Where we can take those products and by adding our process skills and our reputational skills accelerate the growth rate of those entities under our umbrella than they otherwise they had on their own. So, that's the way we believe top line growth will ultimately create the greater shareholder value and that's what we are committed to do.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer:  Okay. And then the other question would be, I am just comparing some of the guidance you had given to what you gave a while ago and you talked about revenue growth 4% to 6% (inaudible) 2% to 4%, is that just you guys being conservative once again or is it related to the downturn in the market, what are your thoughts behind that too, thanks?
Dan Sheldon:  Ian, the way to think about that is, when we gave that guidance out and we're still behind that guidance, we're thinking that Notice & Access had not been understood what it would do to postage revenue. So, when you kind of think about it and that's why we brought up to the point to have look at our service fee revenue growth and when you look at next year when we've gone out with the guidance there and said that you will now see in that, what we call, anywhere between 3% and 7% range. When you look at that, that brings us into even in a down-market that we should be coming close to our 4% to 6% and the margins obviously improve because we're pushing more of a service than we are of the distribution.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer:  All right, thank you very much and good quarter.
Rich Daly:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Anurag Rana with KeyBanc.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital:  Good morning gentleman, good quarter. Could we get a little more color on your acquisition strategy as to what areas are you going to focus on and how large can we expect an acquisition to be?
Dan Sheldon:  I would like to be able give more specific color than actually I’m going to be able to give. We have significantly intensified our search efforts to identify transactions that we think that we think would be enhanced under our umbrella. We've added people. We have outsiders working on this as well. We're not going to do a deal for the sake of doing a deal but we're going to look at things in the management space, we are going to look at things in the processing space and we're going to look at things in the communications space. And I believe based on our initial efforts that we should at the minimum to be able to identify a larger number of tuck-ins than we have historically done. If there was to be a more meaningful size transaction, we would look to do that as well. That is certainly something where I have no ability to project whether or not that will or won't successfully happen, but I would be very disappointed if in our tuck-in space we weren’t more successful than we have historically been in the past given the increased effort that we've put into this.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital:  Thank you. And just one follow up on the Clearing and Outsourcing business, how far should we look in terms of when we can expect the business to break even?
Dan Sheldon:  We’re looking for the second half of '09.
Anurag Rana – KeyBanc Capital:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Stefan Mykytiuk with Pike Place Capital.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Good morning. A couple of questions, I guess before I even mention the questions, its seems, Dan, when your looking at this leverage goal of 1 to 1, you’re not even giving yourself credit for the cash. So, am I missing something here, or why not look at net debt rather than just the actual debt?
Dan Sheldon:  Well, I mean, internally -- by the way, you're actually right. When we look at -- we usually take just long term debt and we look at return on invest capital, all those things. What I am pointing out to everyone is that our rating agencies have made it very clear. They have given us the formula of long term and short term debt against EBITDA. So, that's the only reason we really reference that, but it's an excellent point and I am glad you raise it of what we should be giving ourselves credit for more. And we will do those kind of things as we do calls, but I did want to bring everybody back to understanding what the rating agencies are telling us because we said the investment grade is very important to us.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay, well, maybe they're listening to this call I mean. And just along those lines, I'll just point out, as a shareholder, it looks like, using your guidance, your stock is trading at about 8.5% free cash flow yield, maybe 7% at the low end and you're buying back bonds that yield 6% pretax. So, it just seems like as a shareholder, I'd rather you buy back the stock at a much higher after tax free cash flow yield than buy back bonds at a lower pretax yield. But that's more of a statement obviously than a question. In terms of guidance, is the actual -- how much did you actually spend this year in terms of product development, or R&D or things like that, and you have the slide here with the grow-over rates and I am wondering is that the change or is that absolute numbers because I am trying to figure out whether your kind of product development spend is actually going up in absolute dollars in fiscal '09 or it's just got the timing of when it is going to be spent?
Dan Sheldon:  Excellent point. So, let me put it in perspective. Last year, we said to ourselves we wanted the increase, so the important point is what you just mentioned which was increase our product development spend in our systems and programming to the tune of $15 million to $20 million. We've got about $10 million of it in, and as of the end of Q2, we are at a run rate for that full $20 million, and that's what carries over in the first two quarters next year of the $10 million carry-over. And on an overall spend, we have systems and programming spend of just over $100 million and we moved our product spend up to call it $40 million run rate, which is both our corporate piece which I just went through as well as investments that we have in the field, and we plan on keeping it now at that level as we move forward.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay, so I am still a little confused. What was the total for FY '08 of corporate and kind of the systems?
Dan Sheldon:  It would have been $30 million and now if you move into next year, we're thinking about incremental $10 million, which is a carry-over from this year run rate and that will bring in to the $40 million.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay, so it's the step up in $10 million, okay, I got it. Was there option grant expense in the fourth quarter?
Dan Sheldon:  Yes, remember, the founder grants we had talked about before, there was an incremental $5 million in that quarter.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay, so there's $5 million in Q4 of that. There was the transition expense of the $4.9 million?
Dan Sheldon:  Yes.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  And then the tax rate by my calculation, the 42.8% tax rate versus the 39% was another $0.04 or $0.05 a share, I think.
Dan Sheldon:  Yes, that is correct and again those are all due to what I call the final spin related ones in our contracts with AVP.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay. And so, that tag -- that thing that came up with the tax rate is, that's not going to recur?
Dan Sheldon:  No, it's not going to recur.
Stefan Mykytiuk -- Pike Place Capital:  Okay, terrific. All right, thanks very much.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Vivian Memelak with US Steel Pension Fund.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund:  I have a couple of questions for you, Rich. First of all, you made a statement, you said you were disappointed that you didn’t land a large deal in Clearing and Outsourcing in the quarter. Can you just be more specific, are you disappointed that a specific deal went elsewhere or just in general that the environment didn’t allow you to close?
Rich Daly:  I am disappointed that the environment didn’t allow us to close. I would think -- but my opinion is in most of the transactions, we were having dialogs, the choices to stay in-house or to utilize us, I don’t believe there's another vendor solution at the same breadth of capabilities we have out there.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund:  And then the second question I had was in terms of international, so it's a follow up on your acquisition strategy. If I am not mistaken, most of what you do internationally is on the fixed income processing side, so could you just provide a little bit of color as to what you're thinking about for international markets?
Rich Daly:  Well, first of all on the international side, we do equity processing internationally, we're in 15 markets, we do proxies in 90 markets, now that includes fixed income as well. About 12% of our revenue is international, but if you take Canada out, it's only about 4%. I have done international traveling, I have visited our international sites over this past year and we feel very, very good about the expansion of our strategy across the business as it is and the primary goal for this year is to feel the same way about that strategy worldwide as we feel about it as it relates to North American clients. And we believe that given the reputation we have, the strong reputation we have in North America, at the minimum, we should be able to service more of those entities' needs internationally than we are today.
Dan Sheldon:  Yes, Rich, just let me add on one thing. You had mentioned that fixed income was primarily the revenue there. The way I would frame that is our equity business, trade equity business, and very importantly our Investor Communications business are the primary drivers of what we'll call that 12% or over $200 million. And yes, fixed income is a piece of it, but predominantly it's the other two I just mentioned.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund:  Okay.
Rich Daly:  Sorry, I thought I made that clear. Thanks.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund:  Okay. Thank you. And the very last question I have is just in terms of -- you used the term meaningful for the size of acquisitions. I think you originally said something over $100 million. Where are you now in terms of thinking about meaningful?
Rich Daly:  Without having transactions that are more tangible, and even if candidly we had something more tangible, we wouldn't be discussing it until it was closed. We believe that the organization we have can create value through revenue growth. And even though when we talked about the cash earlier in some of the Q&A here, if there was an opportunity out there beyond the $100 million that we thought would create meaningful shareholder value, we would go out and borrow to close that transaction. So I don't want to leave anyone with the impression we have a deal and we're about to announce it, but I certainly want to leave you with the impression that at every level in the organization including our Board, we strongly believe that we can create top line growth through new sales, through new products and through acquisitions, and we have a stronger focus than ever on the acquisition side. That's really where I need to leave it.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan:  Thank you. Appreciate all the disclosure here as well. I guess just a follow-up on the acquisition question. What is the criteria in terms of accretion or dilution as you consider doing deals?
Rich Daly:  The criteria is that it will ultimately create profitable revenue growth. For most acquisitions, there is some initial dilution and our numbers do not consider any acquisitions in them, so we will be sensitive to this, but we're ultimately looking to create long-term shareholder value growth.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan:  Got it. And then I guess just a few follow-on questions. How critical is your leverage and credit rating in the eyes of your clients with respect to, I guess, securing any new deals particularly in C&O and as well as in Securities Processing?
Rich Daly:  It really can vary from client to client, but the way I look at it is, we don't want a reason and a large deal why someone could say, well, it meets all the criteria but we're concerned about what happens if the economy hits a rough patch. So, we think where we are right now and what we've proven with our strong cash flows and our ability to successfully run the business since the spin, we believe right now we're positioned where we need to be. That will not be an item that will block any transactions as we go forward and that's where we wanted it to be. So, having a solid investment grade rating is in line with the quality of our business and we think it delivers the right message. We are not --I'm not committed to taking that rating to higher levels. We want to maintain a solid investment grade rating.
Dan Sheldon:  Right. And let me also say to that too, it's not just the rating agency, as we move out years to come now having that investment grade and as Rich mentioned, solid investment grade, not necessarily higher, it allows for our ability to get what we call debt when we want to get debt. So currently we have a revolver, what we want to go is make sure that we can maintain and continue to have a revolver at decent rates if we ever needed to borrow. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan:  Understood, that's helpful. Then the sales plan at $160 million to $180 million that you mentioned, Dan, how much of that is subject to client delays or postponements? I appreciate the commentary around some of the delayed outsourcing decisions, but I am curious how much of that could influence the $160 million to $180 million, how much of that did you factor in, and I guess just generally in outsourcing, I guess the upfront cost of doing deals, is that currently being overshadowed by the cost savings potential behind some of these deals? I have another question.
Rich Daly:  When we (inaudible) our sales plan, we don't include our pull at mega deals. So, we're anticipating in our increased product breadth that we can successfully increase our sales close rate in the range that we gave you.
Dan Sheldon:  Let me add, I kind of know where you're going, so it's a great question and we're going to prepare ourselves this time to answer it, but it looks like we have so much to cover, we're going to move it off to the next one, but let me answer it now which is timing. When we gave you the $160 million to $180 million, that is what our sales force we expect to have signed contracts as we call closed deals. When you look at that, we also said that about 60%, 65% of that was going to be recurring and the other half being event-driven. When you look at event-driven, 85% of event driven revenue that we call sales will become revenue in that fiscal year. When we talk about recurring and primarily if we talk to you about transaction reporting or fulfillment and that's been about $30 million, $20 million range kind of business for sales, that takes about half a year to convert. And finally, when we're talking about our Securities Processing or in our outsourcing, that's where we have said that you need to be thinking more of a six-month to as far out as a year for any kind of conversion. So hopefully that helps with our modeling both from our sales plan to our revenue plan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan:  Good, that does help. Let me just ask one last one, if you don't mind, just detail on the issue with Yahoo! Was the potential fallout from the negative news [ph] folks was running that proxy issue?
Rich Daly:  We have extensive activities. We have 19 full-time people who check votes. We have extensive SAS 70 [ph] external reviews, a half dozen or so. We spend more on vote verification alone in my opinion than everyone else combined spends on processing votes. So this is a very, very detailed process. The nature of this was very serious and unfortunate in that it was such an isolated activity. The system verification process worked perfectly. It was on this particular tabulator doesn't take an electronic vote and the paper ballot truncated at 8 digits, so we -- every time anything of any nature has come up, we are extremely transparent here. And so the entities that matter the most call it the NYSE, the SEC, et cetera, are very well versed on how detailed our procedures and systems are here, and recognize that the chasm between us and any other alternative is just huge. So, my concern here is related to the occurrence of this. I didn't mean to imply a concern that the mission critical role we provide could be replaced or if even replaceable by any other entity out there given how dramatically ahead we are of anyone else who even represents they can provide these services.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Milan Gupta with South Point Capital.
Milan Gupta – South Point Capital:  Hey guys, congratulations on a good quarter. Could you talk about the trades per day outlook in '09 and what your expectations are both on a fixed income and equity side and what you’re hoping for the guidance, and also just help me reconcile some of the volume growth we see at the major exchanges with you guys' trades per day as being flat?
Dan Sheldon:  Okay. When you think about next year -- I’ll split it like you’ve done between the equity and the fixed income. When you think about the equity and what we’re going out with our plan, I said, if you’re thinking about the low-end guidance, we’re thinking it’s virtually flat, it stays flat to maybe a couple of points of trades per day growth. So, that $2.5 million would either stay at $2.5 million or move up slightly a couple of points. If you’re thinking at our higher-end of the guidance, that’s where we say high single digits to as high as 10% or 11% that is the equity side. On the fixed income side, we’re pretty much in the same plate. Even though we have seen a lot of activity and you can see that on the charts we’ve given you, in the high 20s right now of trades per day, that we believe is being generated by a lot of what’s going in the mortgage space in that business, and we’re not sure that’s really going to continue as we really move into next year. So, that’s why we’ve discounted that a little bit. And as far as thinking about the industry out there or the New York Stock Exchange and the kind of statistics you’re seeing of growth coming from there, our clients aren’t behaving the same why. That’s what I can just generally say. We said that same thing back at Q3 because usually we have said we had a pretty good alignment at least as far as they’re growing, we’re growing, and at about the same rate, but we haven’t seen that for the last two quarters.
Milan Gupta – South Point Capital:  Got it. That’s helpful. And then one other follow-up, could you talk a little bit more about this Investigo acquisition that you guys did, what it allows you to do as you go to the marketplace and what sort of returns or EBITDA or cash flow you expect to get out of this?
Rich Daly: The Investigo acquisition, the data [ph] aggregation, is in the wealth management space. Somewhat of a holy grail out there where if you can, if you’re advising a client and you can get access to all of their investments regardless of who the custodian is, who the broker, or bank trustee is and then provide them a complete view, this gives you an advantage in servicing them and ultimately attracting more assets and managing more of those assets as you go forward. So, this is something we’re committed to be a leader and all processing including wealth and retail processing, and it’s something what we believe this will differentiate even further as we go forward. In our transaction reporting business, we believe that this will also generate opportunities because we’re aggregating this data. We certainly should be able to create opportunities to do the actual reporting of the data whether it be in paper or electronic as well.
Dan Sheldon:  Just let me add to there. If you remember, we did an acquisition called Interflex [ph], again a smaller acquisition in the beginning of the year. We just did the Investigo and as Rich mentioned, this was a data aggregation on the Investigo, and think about Interflex more as a wealth management content. We aren’t going to look at those as standalone. Those are absolutely going to be merged into our businesses as we develop the product and look more perhaps we are talking about wealth management products as Rich said for an overall return, meaning increased sales and revenue for a combination of those things.
Milan Gupta – South Point Capital:  Right.
Dan Sheldon:  Let me add one other thing here. We talk about the large deals and for that matter old transactions. There’s always going to be a tipping point where the client will have to acknowledge that our capabilities are better than their in-house capabilities. So, these activities are driven by looking at our value propositions, looking for ways that we can increase those value propositions, and not through just desire, but through real market study, understand what we believe a real tipping point is to increase sales activity and to create profitable top line growth. That’s what our focus is on, profitable top line growth, and all of these transactions are tied to that.
Milan Gupta – South Point Capital:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Leo Schmidt with the Chubb Corp.
Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp:  First of all, very good quarter gentlemen. Could you give us a little more insight into this new product you’ve been talking about? I know you’ve been talking about growing sales through acquisitions and then through products you invest to networks. Could you give us some insight how big that you think you could grow that? Could you explain a little bit how that works? Would that be something that investors would pay for, companies would pay for, would this be mandated by the SEC? Would you page your goal or could you give us a little sense of how that works and I’m assuming the incremental cost would not be that much bigger additive to revenues? Could you give us some sense to that?
Rich Daly:  Okay. Well, the first thing I’m going to give you the sense of, is really hard to say this early. I took the unusual step and we actually talked about it internally here, but I took the step of talking about it now since we will be meeting with so many new entities out there on this topic. I really had a need to make it public completely. So far, the experts we are working with view it as on a range as – some of them think, well, maybe it will work, maybe it won't, maybe it will just be another social network. To some of them, their eyes bulge open and say, wow, this could really be a game changer.  The activity here is really going to be driven by, is the SEC going to deem that this is something that shareholders need to have the right to. And if that was the case, then I can't imagine at getting done any other way than through the plumbing we have in place, and again that's a chasm between us and any one else, no one else is close to connecting every investor to every public company.  If this is going to be something where it's on a shareholder opt-in basis only, then the validation process becomes a little more complicated, but again we are uniquely positioned to create that validation. And that would be, I'll called it, a more evolutionary process where we take longer for the network to gain hold.  Now, depending on which way it happens is depending on who will pay and what the model will be. If it's an opt-in model, I expect it's going to be probably similar to an eyeball model where there is going to be advertising, et cetera. If it’s a right of shareholders, then it could be a combination of fees and banner advertising or other related activities. We have a significant number of people internally and externally working on this. We are looking to use the best mind on this activity outside of here. But let me be very clear. I think it's upside, I think there's very little downside, but we're certainly not putting anything in any numbers we are representing to you to related to the future as it relates to this activity. But it is meaningful enough that if it was to become a real deal, we would be uniquely positioned with a high quality social network with real investors who are validated accountable and have an amenity, and I will call it a place where serious people could have serious conversations about their investments.
Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp:  I am assuming that some regulator somewhere has made noise about how making this happen and this is part of the reason why you have interest in this. This is not -- is that a fair assumption?
Rich Daly:  I have had meetings with the SEC staff and the chairman of the SEC on this topic.
Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp:  Okay, that's terrific. And then, I guess if you could give us some more insight to what -- for your tending of debt, what would be the range of cash you would put to use for that?
Dan Sheldon:  I think I understand the question on how we put that to use, I mean.
Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp:  I mean, well, how much money you think you're going to use to tend to buy back your debt?
Rich Daly:  Well, right now, we've put out the 75 for the bond, okay, depending upon how many people go for it, it could be a little bit higher or whatever. But overall, we are thinking at somewhere between 100 to 150 for overall debt, whether it be related to the bonds or related to our term debt, we will be paying down to get us a debt of 300 to 350 level.
Leo Schmidt -- Chubb Corp:  Great thank you very much, good quarter.
Dan Sheldon:  Thank you.
Operator:  And our final question will come from the line of Charlie Park [ph] with Finlink Park [ph].
Charlie Park - Finlink Park:  Yes, good morning. If you were to have signed one of your (inaudible) Securities Processing side, if you're doing over 500 million there, given the time of 36 months to get them converted, would that meaningfully change the margin assumptions that you've put out on slide 10?
Rich Daly:  All right, let me put things in perspective here. If you’re talking about a really large transaction, you really need to be thinking of the conversion taking a year plus. On our outsourcing activity, we have had something we referred to in the past as what we call Project 57, where we had identified, it's now over 100 entities that are clearing through someone else that we believe could be in a self clearing environment through our combined ridge and SPS offering. And we actually have done meaningful transactions, now meaningful meaning call it $3 million to $5 million in revenue. And from signing to conversion has been 6 months, but that's where we’re taking somebody who is clearing through another entity and going self clearing using both our system capabilities and then outsourcing the people to us, but putting themselves in a legal position of self clearing. The very large deal that we aspire for and the word aspire is probably the right word here, we believe any of those transactions would more than likely take a year plus to convert. And there are no announced deals there, so we're not anticipating from a large transaction, any revenue in '09.
Dan Sheldon:  Right, just to add on to that, because you asked this specific question on margins, in that space, whether we are talking about Clearing and Outsourcing or Securities Processing, we've said that if you think about new business coming on, which would be those sales, Rich very clearly pointed out the conversion time, but we've always said that those we would expect to have at least a 50% margin. On the outsourcing side, what we've said is we think in anything we're talking about there to have about 20% margin.
Charlie Park - Finlink Park:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  I am showing that we have no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly:  Carol thanks. Well, I really do want to thank everyone for their participation. We seem to have an increased number of questions, which also feels good. I am also delighted my voice held up pretty well from most of the meeting. With all that said, Dan, Marvin and I look forward to meeting and speaking with you in the near future. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. fourth quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims - Vice President IR Rich Daly - CEO Dan Sheldon - CFO
Analysts: Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Call. I would like to inform.  I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions).  I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Marvin Sims: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, everyone. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Broadridge quarterly earnings call and webcast for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. I am Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning I am here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge.  I am sure everyone by now has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and the slide presentation that will accompany today's earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at Broadridge.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during today's conference call, we will discuss some forward-looking statements that involve risk, and these risks are discussed here on Slide 1 and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the review of our financial results, to provide the appropriate point-to-point comparison between fiscal '08 and fiscal '07, all pretax and net earnings numbers discussed throughout the presentation are non-GAAP, and exclude one-time transition expenses and interest on new debt. The actual GAAP reported numbers in comparison are also listed.  During the review of our segment results, again for the appropriate point-to-point comparison for year-to-date revenues and operating profits, we'll discuss adjusted numbers that reflect a change in the methodology that occurred in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007, with the interest segment allocation between the clearing and outsourcing segment and the other two segments. A reconciliation to the GAAP numbers is available on the presentation appendix as well as in the press release.  Now let’s turn to next slide and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s meetings with his opening remarks and provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter and a discussion on a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the financial results in further detail for both the quarter and year-to-date. Rich will then return and review the fiscal 2008 guidance, and provide his summary before we head in to Q&A part of the call. After Q&A, Rich will provide his closing comments.  Now please turn to the next slide for Rich’s opening comments, and I will now turn the call over to Rich Daly. Rich?
Rich Daly: Thanks Marvin. Good morning. This morning as part of my opening remarks, I will discuss the following topics. First, the financial results for the quarter, then a business overview for each of the business segments, where I will touch on general performance, and some of the relevant key business drivers of each segment. Then after Dan’s financial update on the quarter, I will discuss the increase in our financial EPS guidance range and the factors behind the improvement.  Let me start by saying that our third quarter financial results are in line with our expectations. Given our strong year-to-date results and clear view of our fourth and largest quarter for both revenues and profit, we are able to raise our full year guidance range even in a difficult time for the market we serve. Our latest EPS guidance range is $1.35 to $1.45, which is up from our previous range of $1.30 to a $1.40. These are non-GAAP numbers, as they exclude one-time transition expenses of $0.06. For the quarter, we had revenue growth of 1%. In the largest segment, Investor Communications Solutions, we are able to grow over the client loss we disclosed last year, and then our Securities Processing Solutions and Clearing segments were able to generate solid new business growth, but not enough to grow over the previously disclosed loss of TD Waterhouse from last fiscal year. Our net earnings for the quarter, despite being down 13%, were in line with our expectations. Year-to-date net earnings are up 17%, which is ahead of our original plan. Dan will talk more in his financial review about the details, and I will talk more in my segment discussions about how our strategy will drive these key metrics, as we move forward. Our closed sales were $48 million for the quarter and $116 million for the first three quarters. This more than doubled last year's third quarter amount, and is ahead of last year's year-to-date amount by 43%. The breakout between recurring and non-recurring revenue is 55% and 45% respectively, up 52% for recurring and 48% from non-recurring from last year. There continues to be negative advice on financial markets in terms of assessing the current economic environment. But, by any measure, our industry has slowed. However, historically, Broadridge has been a lagging indicator and we've yet to see any material negative effects. Our sales pipeline remains very strong, particularly the opportunities and outsourcing. As I always say, we are not in control of the markets, but we are in control of our business. I will address sales in more detail when I talk about the business segments. Before I start my business segment review, I'd like to address the recent change to our credit rating by Standard & Poor's. During the last quarter, both S&P and Moody's completed their reviews of Broadridge. Moody's reaffirmed our investment grade credit rating and S&P down rated us to below investment grade with a negative outlook. We are disappointed that S&P downgrade us, and the reason for the downgrade was the appearance of increased risk appetite in our Clearing business. In early April, we issued a press release describing a $380 million staggered trade transaction, with a counter-party rated A+ by S&P that impacted our second quarter debt levels, and that may have led S&P to believe we are increasing our risk appetite. Dan will go into more detail on the risk management policies in our Clearing business. However, we have assured both of our rating agencies that we won't do any staggered settlement transactions greater than seven days for more than $20 million in the future. We want to be a low risk broker dealer both in perception and reality. Now let's move on to business segment review. I will start with our largest segment, Investor Communications Solutions. The ICS segment is over 70% of the revenue and profits of Broadridge. This is a great business. The core business isn't only performing well, but it's extending its market leadership with its capabilities around Notice and Access. The ICS business year-to-date has been able to grow over 4% revenue loss from the previously disclosed client loss and generate revenue growth of 1%. We continue to drive margin expansion in this segment. Recurring revenue core of our ICS segment, which is 70% of the full year revenue, continues to see very little impact from any market noise around it. And the only significant lagging indicator we see could be event-driven revenue. So far this year, mutual fund proxy event-driven is higher than our original plan, despite the increased expectations coming into fiscal year 2008. M&A and proxy contest are lower than our original plans, despite the lowered expectations we had coming into the fiscal year. Overall, event-driven revenue is coming in at just about our original plan of flat for the year. Despite its slight volatility, historically event driven revenue over multiple year periods has grown. We will continue to gain market share and add new products. All of which have given us a CAGR of greater than 15% over the last five years. I am confident that event-driven revenue will grow at a rate higher than our overall communication segment over any multi-year time frame. When I look into the near future, event-driven revenue is the most challenging piece of the communication segment to forecast. The normal lead time between closing the sale and converting it to revenue can be anywhere from one day to six months, so there is not much pipeline. Remember, this is the story behind event-driven revenue in almost every marker, including rate markets. ICS sales for the years have been very strong. This quarter, we landed a large mutual fund proxy event sale. We added over 200 new registered proxy issuers and we've added Notice and Access services with an annualized sales value of $14 million. Notice and Access has strengthened our industry leadership position. Going forward implementation of any other new and evolving corporate governance strengths most likely will require Broadridge's unique format. I will now talk in more detail about Notice and Access. The proxy season pretty much behind us, we have more visibility into our Notice and Access results, and I can provide you with a more meaningful update. Notice and Access began as a voluntary program effective July 1, 2007. The SEC then made into that availability materials for large accelerated file as mandatory effective January 1, 2008. Issuers can still choose to distribute proxy materials in hard copy to their shareholders. As first we adapted early, as with the high-tech companies. Now we are seeing a much broader segment of issuers adopting Notice and Access. We are estimating a 25% adoption rate for this fiscal year 2008. I want to note that both participation by retail shareholders, is down by over 70%. This is slightly higher than what we had originally anticipated. In addition, issuers have taken varied approaches in using Notice and Access. Some issuers are using Notice and Access for all shareholders and others are using a hybrid approach, where for example they may use Notice and Access for shareholders only less than a 1000 shares, but continued to distribute hard copy to larger holders. Now let's talk about our securities processing solution segment. Overall rest of business has performed better than we anticipated for the year. In the first half of fiscal '08, trading activity enabled us to grow over the previously disclosed loss of TD Waterhouse as a client. Now trading activity has leveled off, but the second half of our year is still in line with our original expectations. This quarter trading activity provided a modest revenue contribution as trade per day increased by 4%. In Securities Processing Solutions, fixed income and particularly equity trade processing provide us the best earnings upside from any incremental new client revenue. Contracts with existing clients provide limited upside and downside based on market activity. The current market environment provides new client opportunities and some consolidation challenges. In any event, it will take quite a while before either has any material impact on Broadridge. Some names, Bear J.P. Morgan, Wachovia AG Edwards and CIBC Oppenheimer will all play out over the next months and years. In every takes with our clients and prospects are emergent like the firms I just mentioned, were just looking for increase control, functionality or efficiencies, Broadridge has a very strong value proposition. That there a lot of leadership change going on this space as well. Never in my 30 year career, can I remember this much change in senior level leadership. As cost pressures become more of reality on Wall Street, we intend to leverage the current environment and create more opportunities for our processing entities. I do like although in term prospects. Our optimism is well founded, based on our ability to successfully implement complex new clients, the most recent being Royal Bank of Canada last month. We successful rolled out our enhanced retail processing and new wealth management solutions. They provide a seamless integration of RBC’s global retail and institutional operation onto one consolidated platform. We now process for RBC in the US, Canada, London, Australia, and Singapore. The consolidation of these operations onto a single platform has been for most entities an elusive goal. There are many retail and institutional firms that merged over a decade ago; they still have no plans to merge these complex platforms. As a result, they still are realizing the material efficiency available to them. We believe our enhanced retail offering along with our strong institutional platform will open-up new market opportunities and will allow us to more effectively compete in this market. Now, let’s talk about our last segment. Clearing and Outsourcing, which while it is lower, represents just 5% of our revenue despite of the long-term strategy for Securities Processing business. Our Clearing and Outsourcing segment operations are in line with our expectations for the fiscal year except for the financial impact related to interest rate reductions. Over the next three years, we are expecting Clearing and Outsourcing to double its size to new revenue growth for Broadridge. Now I will spend a few minutes talking about the strategy for clearing business and its importance to us as a financial processor. We are in the clearing business to generate more transaction for our processing segments, particularly for Securities Processing Solutions and Investor Communication Solution as well. Entering the Clearing business, gave us the ability to create a unique processing model. We are the only entity that has live clients for self clearing broker dealers that outsource their clearing functions to us. That’s what we call clearing and outsourcing. We have four clients live on outsourcing. They are eTrade both at US and Canadian business, CIBC, West LB and a small German Bank, LBBW. We signed two new clients that are in the process of receiving standard regulatory approval. Those clients are our Key Banc and Credit Suisse, Canada. And lastly we have a large fully disclosed clearing client converting to self-clearing outsourcing as they originally intended when they first became our client.  Creating a list of targets including large firms that have expressed an interest in understanding more about outsourcing, we size the market conservatively at $500 million in an annual revenue. Outsourcing is a processing model, and will not create balance sheet activity or have any other risk associated would be in a clearing broker dealer. However, it can't work unless we have the assets and skill sets from the clearing piece of Ridge. On April 9th, American Bank had published an article noting the large size of the outsourcing opportunity and the high level of complexity required to compete. Also in April the ATA [ph] Group, a consulting firm on IT businesses and regulatory issues in the financial services industry wrote an article that despite another entities push into the self-clearing outsourcing market. This is Ridge clearing's market rules.  That’s the strategy for the business that is today 5% of our revenue and has the potential to double its size and contribute a $100 million in revenue growth to all of Broadridge over the next three years. Let’s now talk briefly about our appetite for acquisitions.  One year ago we said that unless something exceptional came up, we would tuck-ins in the $25 million to $35 million range. Later we signaled that we would extend the $25 million to $35 million tuck-in range to a higher range as we accelerated debt repayment. We saw a market roll-up opportunity in the clearing space. However, in light of the credit rating focus on clearing, and the fact that virtually no one is running a clearing business as conservatively as we are, this is off the table for now. Thus far, we've only done one acquisition of $6 million. Regardless we won’t do a deal simply for the sake of doing a deal.  I will now turn the call over the Dan for his review of the financials for the quarter. 
Dan Sheldon: Thanks Rich. I am on Slide 6. First I would like to point out that at the end of Q3 we've recognized approximately 65% of our revenues and approximately 50% of our earnings for the full year. This is typical given the seasonality in our business especially around our equity proxy season in the fourth quarter. Our revenue growth of 1% for the quarter from sales, losses and internal growth was in line with our expectations. And year-to-date we are at 4% revenue growth and we benefited from the internal growth that Rich mentioned in the first half primarily from equity trade per day. We are expecting a stronger fourth quarter than originally anticipated due to positive growth in the equity proxy stock records, noticed an access and continued growth in the other investor communications revenues. We are forecasting revenue growth for the year to be between 2% and 4%. And I will go in to more detail when reviewing the segments.  With respect to pretax margins for the quarter, they are down 2.2 points. The decrease is primarily related to the two large client losses we previously disclosed, which impact all three segments as well as incremental investments including the expensing a founder grant that our Board approved in lat February. Our pretax margins year-to-date are up 140 basis points to 13.4%, and we expect to end the year between 15.8 to 16.5.  Let’s move to looking at the segments. I am now on Slide 7. I want to draw your attention to the chart we have provided at the top of the page. You can see that year-to-date we've recognized about 60% of our full year revenues and this is typical in any given year as the fourth quarter contribution from equity proxies kicks in. We've also broken out fee revenues from distribution revenue, so that you can see the impact each has on the revenues.  Looking at year-to-date fee revenues, they are 2% and expected to be in the 3% to 5% range. And this after the grow over from the large client loss we've previously discussed, which impacted year-to-date by four percentage point and full year by 2 percentage point. The anniversary date by the way, of this client loss, is at the end of our Q3.  We have broken our fee revenue growth into recurring and event to help you better understand where the total fee revenue growth is coming from, from both year-to-date and for the year. With respect to our recurring fees, they are up year-to-date and will also be up for the full year. We have benefited from internal growth in mutual fund interims, statements, and fulfillment. We are also very happy that the equity proxy stock record growth that was negative in the first half is forecasted to be positive in the fourth quarter. And finally, the $14 million in sales from Notice and Access activity, Rich mentioned, will greatly impact the fourth quarter. Focusing now on event-driven revenues, we're down for the quarter and are expected to be flat or down in the fourth quarter. Although we had strong mutual fund registered proxy sales this year, the revenue benefit from mutual funds may not be enough to offset the other event-driven revenues, which are in decline in equity proxy contest and M&A. As Rich described earlier, even-driven revenues can be up or down in any one year, but over any extended period of time, have always grown given our increasing market share in new product. With respect to distribution revenues, they are flat year-to-date and will be slightly up or down for the year. As we've discussed before, these revenues are very difficult to predict given the large clients can choose different ways to deliver materials and not necessary the same year-over-year. In this segment our year-to-date margins are up 180 basis points due to the combination of expense controls and distribution fees. Given year-to-date results in Q4 activity, we're forecasting margin improvements for both the fourth quarter and therefore the full year. Let's move on to slide eight, Securities Processing. Revenues for the quarter are down 4% given the negative net new business, which is heavily impacted by the loss of TD, which was previously disclosed. Net new business has been negative 4% year-to-date, and expected to be the same for the rest of the year, as the TD anniversary date is at the end of our fiscal year. As we forecasted, equity trades per day for the quarter of $2.5 million are up only 4% over the last year and therefore provided very little revenue contribution to the quarter. We are forecasting the fourth quarter trades per day to remain flat at $2.5 million. We are pleased that fixed income trades per day growth, is at 19% and year-to-date about the same. Our fourth quarter expectations are to see continued growth in the 15% to 25% range. We expect revenues for the year to be flat to 1%, given the strong first half driven by the trades per day and the weaker second half due to the little growth contribution from trades per day and the impact of the TD loss. With respect to margins, as expected, are down to 28% for the quarter due to the loss of TD and our new product investments. Also, as previously discussed, our Q4 margins will be in the low-20 ranges, given the full impact of the $5 million in R&D expenses, coming back now that the successful RBC conversion has taken place. Margins for the year will be from 26% to 27%. In FY '07, we had margins in this segment of 28% and we are exiting FY'08 at the low-20. We've made the right new product investments in this segment and expect future periods to show margin expansions, as we add new revenue from new sales. Let's move to slide nine. With respect to Clearing and Outsourcing, revenues for the quarter are down 1%. We are very pleased with the continued double-digit sales contributions to revenue, and we did sign two new outsourcing deals as well as five new clearing deals. We expect sale contributions to revenue to remain double digit for Q4. TD is the primary driver behind our loss, and the anniversary date of this loss is the beginning of next year. Besides TD, we have not had any other outsourcing losses since inception, as well our Clearing business has over 90% client retention rate. Looking at internal growth, it is slightly down. Clearing and Other Fees contribute about 3% to 5% to the overall revenue growth. However, we are negatively impacted by the decline in the fed funds rate, as the change in rates directly impacts our $250 million in net capital in this business. When rates rise, we benefit, when they decline, we don't. Having said that, we've benefited with less interest expense on our term loan given the declines in LIBOR also during this year. In essence the way I look at it, the negative impact in interest income in our Clearing and Outsourcing has been offset by the positive impact and less interest expense in Other, related to our long-term debt. Revenue for this segment growth is expected now to be around 3% to 4% for the year. Given $4 million in loss net interest income, operating losses are now forecasted to be around minus $4 million to minus $5 million. Moving onto the other section, revenues for the quarter are flat, as expected, and year-to-date of $8 million is due to termination fees we benefited from in the first half and we don't expect any additional termination fees for the remainder of the year. FY '08 has been an extraordinary year for termination fees, as we usually only see $1 million to $2 million a year in termination fees. As previously disclosed, interest and one-time transition expenses are in line with our expectations for the year, and one-time transition expenses are expected to be around $14 million for the year. Corporate expense of $10 million for the quarter, include $4 million for Founder Grants and remainder with the combination of investments and corporate expenses, which are at the levels we have disclosed before. With respect to FX for the quarter, it continues to have a positive impact to our revenues and earnings and year-to-date contributed $19 million in revenue and $8 million in pretax earnings. Let's move on to slide 10 and talk about our cash flows. As we have done before, we show consolidated Broadridge free cash flow as well as break out our Clearing and Outsourcing and all other segments, as this is how we do look-in manage the business. With respect to Clearing and Outsourcing, you will see the three lines, we show here in the body and additional information to pick how we finance the operations and how they change since June. You can see that operating activities generated an additional $251 million, which resulted from fewer customer debits to finance, and greater cash available within customer credit accounts to use in financing. As a result, our short-term borrowings are down from June by just over $90 million and cash available for lending is up just over $160 million. Focusing on the next column, which is labeled all other segments. This is the column that truly to picks our free cash flows from operations and what we have available in cash to invest or finance the business after our CapEx and intangibles. We are very pleased with the $177 million free cash flow after nine months and we look to continue to build cash flows, as we move into Q4 with around 50% of our earnings yet to come. We expect $50 million to $70 million in additional free cash flow in the fourth quarter. Although, Q4 is a strong earnings generator, our largest cash inflow period is the first quarter given the timing of the collections of the receivables. As we discussed before, we think our sources and uses of cash flow, take as the follows. Depreciation and amortization will be between $50 million and $60 million this year, and equally, we have invested about $50 million to $60 million in CapEx and intangibles. Stock comp will be approximately $35 million this year including the expensing of $7 million in Founder Grants. Working capital will normally increase with revenue however in any period or quarter, will fluctuate given the level of accounts receivable collections. So, given the above, our remaining cash flow we use to pay down dividend, investment in business through acquisitions and pay down debt or build our cash position in a short-term Finally, as Rich mentioned we are disappointed that S&P downgraded us and the reason for the downgrade was an apparent increase in risk appetite in our clearing business given the $380 million staggered trade that Rich discussed. As disclosed in our press release on April 18, our risk management practices in clearing are excellent. Four points I would make. We restrict the amount of credit extended to both individual and professional investors to announce much lower than permitted by Federal regulation. Second, all loans are fully collateralized by high quality, readily marketable securities, we do not accept at any collateral, any exotic or liquid mortgage-backed derivative instruments. Third, we do not maintain an inventory of securities to be offered for sales to our client, and none of our capital is exposed to market fluctuation in proprietary trading accounts. And fourth and most important, since the time we acquired the business we have experienced no losses due to errors or credit policies. We will continue to work with S&P to assure them that we don’t have an increased risk appetite, and that our risk management controls, both in our clearing business and throughout Broadridge have been and will continue to be excellent. As Rich mentioned earlier we have assured both S&P and Moody’s that we won’t do any staggered settlement transactions greater than seven days or for more than $20 million in the future. I would also point out that none of our bank client have been negatively impacted due to the S&P down break. Rich back to you
Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. As I mentioned during my opening remarks we have increased both the low-end and high-end of our EPS guidance range by $0.05 to a range of $1.35 to $1.45, from our previous EPS guidance range of $1.30 to $1.40. These are non-GAAP numbers as they exclude one-time transition expenses. Our fourth quarter is our biggest quarter and makes up approximately 50% of earnings, and we are seeing stronger growth potential in our recurring revenues coming from the core business from our investor communications solutions segment. This view and where we are year-to-date in terms of our financial performance, gives us the confidence to raise our range. Going into our fourth quarter, the only key variables will be event-driven activities and trading volumes. If you recall, we started our fiscal year 2008, we rolled out an EPS guidance excluding one-time transition expenses in the range of a $1.17 to a $1.25 and now we are at $1.35 to $1.45. This has been a very good year. Before me summarize before we go into the Q&A part of the call. It’s been one year since Broadridge was spun-off from ADT. During that year we have raised our guidance twice, we expanded our strategic planning efforts and resources. We've also proven the viability of our clearing outsourcing model, which now has several new clients. We generated more cash and paid off more debt more quickly than we originally anticipated, and we still anticipate an additional $50 million to $70 million in free cash flow in the fourth quarter. Our Q3 results are directly in line with our expectations, and we are well-positioned for the rest of the fiscal year to deliver earnings per share within our new higher guidance range. The biggest piece of our business, the Investor Communications segment is growing with better recurring revenues and is better off today than it was a year ago. We have taken the uncertainty of notice and access, and turned it into a positive for gaining more market share and improving earnings. We were able to achieve our Q3 results, despite the difficult times in the market we serve. And the noise in the general market has not affected us to date. The business for the most part is trending as expected.  We successfully completed the implementation for RBC, and help them consolidate their retail and institutional securities processing onto one platform. Many firms have put retail and institutional together under the investment banking umbrella, but a decade later they still don’t have them working together on a single platform. Due to lot of change going on the market we serve, and despite some delays that these changes are creating, they should create more opportunities when the dust settles. We have achieved all this in a marketing environment that hasn’t been viewed positively by anyone. I want to take this opportunity to thanks our highly engaged associates for Broadridge’s performance during our inaugural year. I will now turn the call over to Carol, the operator for the Q&A part of the call. Carol.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning. Very good quarter gentleman. 
Rich Daly: Thank you.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Two questions here. I wanted to just focus in on your comments about no share buybacks for the remainder of this year. This year ends next month, so I don't think we'll see anything in the next month. But what about booking out maybe in this calendar year, what your thoughts are as far as share buybacks?
Rich Daly: Sure Ian. We originally said that we weren’t planning to do it for this year. We are sticking with that plan. As we put together our '09 plan and share that with out Board, I am sure this topic will come up, and beyond that I don't have any further comment.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. And can you give us an idea of or I guess speck of an idea, you are throwing off over $3 of free cash flow that's not too shabby. And then the other question on rating agency side, your commitments to the rating agencies as far as the size and days of the staggered loans. Is there an opportunity to be upgraded again, given that these promises or is this just something that we are going to have to wait how it plays out?
Rich Daly: Well we certainly don’t have any ability in to comment on behalf of the rating agencies, we are committed to run this as a processing business and leverage the skill set of Ridge to create more transactions. 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Rich Daly: Not too many transactions of the nature we did in the staggered trade going forward makes goods. There is no reason for us to do that, it doesn’t add to the value we're looking to create in clearing, and so it was an easy decision to eliminate that going forward. We will continue to run this conservatively, and hope that is viewed positively by the agencies as we go forward.
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, Rich, I would add to that piece. We did mentioned and we will too continue to work with the agencies to make sure that everybody understands exactly how we do operate and why we do believe that we run a conservative, well disciplined risk management.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. So just to be clear, the rating agencies haven't done anything yet, given this new commitment you've made?
Dan Sheldon: At this point in time nothing.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay, all right, thank you very much, good quarter again.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Thanks, great job on the call. Question on guidance, I guess what specific metrics are you looking at that gives you confidence to raise guidance going in to 4Q. Heard a lot of different things, maybe you can just rank for us the metrics in terms of importance?
Rich Daly:  Tien-Tsin good morning, yes.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Good morning.
Rich Daly: First of all, we have our year-to-date performance and being where we are in May, we have pretty good view in to the fourth quarter, particularly proxy season, and where we sandwich stock record and those types of initiatives. So, it's really the year-to-date performance, and the clear view we have in to proxy season that gives us the confidence to believe that the new range we've set is appropriate.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, fair, good. Then, your goal to double the size on the Clearing and Outsourcing front, how much of that do you expect to come organically versus inorganically?
Rich Daly: The size and the growth that we expect to double there, we expect to come organically through outsourcing primarily.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, so primarily through organic growth. And then just lastly, and then just, in general, it sounds like the sales performance has been great, sounds like the pipeline is good. I'm just curious, have you seen any change in the sales cycle at all? How is the fourth quarter shaping up so far in terms of new sales? What are your conversations like with your end clients?
Rich Daly: I thought that I had mentioned, and if I didn't, I apologize that the changes in management absolutely we believe are delaying certain decisions. With that said though, we've had good results, and very good momentum.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Got it. Very good, thanks.
Rich Daly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stefan Mykytiuk, with Pike Place Capital.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. First off, I think you said the Founders' Grant of options in the quarter was $4 million, is that the right number?
Dan Sheldon: Seven.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Seven?
Dan Sheldon: (inaudible). Okay. In this quarter, we expensed $4 million. The grand total for the year will be $7 million.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. So there will be another piece in the fourth quarter?
Dan Sheldon: In the fourth quarter, yes.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: And where on the consolidated results -- consolidated P&L, is that in SG&A then?
Dan Sheldon: Yes it is. 
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And then you said in the segment, it's down on that other?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it is, right that's exact way to look at it.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And then the same thing on the transition expenses, is that the same thing?
Dan Sheldon: Yes. They both in, on the basis of financials and the SG&A and then they are other in the segment fees.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And where the transition expenses, they are still on other piece in the fourth quarter then?
Dan Sheldon: Yeah, there is a final piece that will ramp up to the final 14, and then it disappears next year.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And then how about on the spending on new R&D and new product generation, is that showing up in cost of net revenues or is that in SG&A?
Dan Sheldon: The piece that's out in the field that we've talked about, where the field is building up, is in the cost of revenues, and then the piece that Rich has often talked about the incremental $10 million is what goes into the SG&A.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And again in the segment, that's in other?
Dan Sheldon: Yes.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. And Rich maybe can you just comment on how new product development is going, and I think you had the workforce solution that you introduced a couple quarters ago, just give us some update on how that product or other new products are being received?
Rich Daly: Sure, at the time of the spin, we were committed to expand our efforts beyond any other time in my previous almost 20 year, 10 year for the organization. Most importantly, we drove the process much deeper into the organization. The team initially teed up 45 potential areas. We embedded that down to 15 which were in the process of flushing out and pursuing and the workflow would be considered one of those, as an example.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay. I mean those are, how many workflow was out, you are selling that actively correct?
Rich Daly: That's correct. And their expansions to the work flow even beyond the pieces that we're currently selling.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay.
Rich Daly: So the way to think about it is, we're really looking to leverage the distribution channel we have, leverage the trusted relationships we have with our client. And in all cases, we're communicating with clients as they think about new things they need to address, whether it'd be the service fee business or related to regulatory. Rather than build it once only for themselves, think about building it with us, all right and creating a better industry solution. That is the type of activities that we're actively pursuing. The intent is to enable to support their continued growth rate of four to six and ideally over time and time being not next year in terms it relates to new initiatives raise at growth rate.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: That's the overall revenue growth, potentially you're seeing?
Rich Daly: Right. For this year by the way, I mean, when you think about it, you thought, you heard about RBC was part of our wealth management. RBC was very important to that piece of it, so that piece is already started to generate some of the revenue. And as we mentioned a year ago, we had increased some of our Notice and Access investment in our Investor Communication, and that's helped drive the $14 million in Notice and Access, as well as help us to get the 4 million which is really $4 million in revenue but over 200 clients additional to the registered side.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital: Okay, terrific. Well, keep up the good work. Thanks very much.
Rich Daly: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Sir, I'm showing that we have no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Rich Daly: Thanks, Carol. Well, I want to thank everyone for their participation today and we certainly look forward to meeting and speaking with you in the near future. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. third quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims - Vice President of Investor Relations Rich Daly - Chief Executive Officer Dan Sheldon - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Tin Jen Wong – JP Morgan Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer [Pete Peckman – Blackthorne] [Nahas Kapur] – Credit Suisse [Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital Deanna Mitchell – [Aquere Bank] Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge Financial Solutions Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Marvin Sims: Good morning everyone, welcome to the Broadridge Quarterly Earnings Call and Webcast for the Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2008. I’m Marvin Sims, Vice President of Investor Relations, this morning I’m here with Rich Daly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief Financial Officer for Broadridge. I’m sure everyone has had the opportunity to review the earnings release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and the slide presentation that will accompany today’s earnings call and webcast can be found on the Investor Relations homepage of our website at www.broadridge.com.  Before we begin I would like to remind everyone that during today’s conference call we’ll discuss some forward looking statements that involve risks and these risks are discussed here on slide one and in our periodic filings with the SEC. During the review of our financial results to provide the appropriate point to point comparison between fiscal ’08 and fiscal ’07 all pre-tax and net earning numbers discussed throughout the presentation are non-GAAP and exclude one time transition expenses and interest on new debt. The actual GAAP reported numbers in comparison are also listed. During the review of segment results again for the appropriate point to point comparison for revenue and operating profit we’ll discuss adjusted numbers that reflect the change in the methodology that occurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 for inter-segment allocations between the clearing and outsourcing segment and the other two segments. A reconciliation to the GAAP numbers is available in the presentation appendix as well as in the press release. Now let’s turn to the next slide and review today’s agenda. Rich Daly will start today’s meeting with his opening remarks and provide you with a summary of the financial results for the quarter and a discussion on a few key topics. Dan Sheldon will then review the financial results in further detail for both the quarter and year to date. Rich will then return and review the fiscal 2008 guidance and provide his summary before we head into the Q&A part of the call. After Q&A Rich will provide his closing comments. Now please turn to the next slide for Rich’s opening comments, with that said I’ll now turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Daly: This morning as part of my opening remarks I’ll discuss the following topics; first the results of our second quarter, next the market conditions during the quarter and then a quick update on some key metrics and Broadridge’s overall momentum. After Dan’s update on the quarter I’ll discuss how our second quarter performance and the market conditions are pushing us towards the higher end of our previous EPS guidance of $1.30 to $1.40. I’m now going to give you an overview of Broadridge’s financial performance in context with market conditions. Let me start by saying I’m pleased with our revenue and earnings for the quarter. We had revenue growth of 8% for the quarter and 5% year to date. We had net earnings growth of 30% for the quarter and 41% year to date, excluding transition expenses and interest on debt. We are now half way through fiscal 2008 with a strong start as internal growth driven by market activity has helped us grow over the two significant client losses we previously announced in fiscal 2007 prior to our spin off. This quarter our growth was driven more by our Investor Communications segment, in this segment primary component of our positive performance for the quarter was internal growth of 9% which was anchored by higher volume levels in most of our products including event driven activities. We continue to benefit from the increase in trading activity that drove the Securities Processing segment last quarter, this quarter our trading volume growth of 19% was approximately half of what we experienced in our first quarter but given the mix of products this quarter it only drove to net revenue growth in this segment of 2% versus last quarter when twice this volume growth and other activities drove revenue growth by 10%. We continue to drive positive margin expansion driven by a high percentage of Internal Revenue Growth falling to the bottom line. Our public company infrastructure expenses and investment spend were still below our planned run rate in this quarter. You will see going forward both of these expenses will be ramped up to plan levels in the third and fourth quarter. I’m also pleased with our overall sales results, our sales for the quarter of $39 million up 5% ahead of last year and year to date sales of $68 million are 9% ahead of the prior year. We are now at about 50% of our overall plan which is as I discussed last quarter included the slower summer months. We continue to be pleased regarding our sales results and our pipeline growth. Let’s move on to talk about the general market conditions that were at hand in our second quarter. As I said earlier we always need to keep our financial performance in context with market conditions and that market turns are difficult to predict. The last time we spoke to you about this topic we identified event driven activities and trading volumes as the two key variables that are impacted during market volatility up or down. During our first quarter earnings call we described how we had trading volumes substantially higher than the prior year’s quarter both of which included two summer months. These volume trends continued during the second quarter but did not have as significant of a year over year quarterly benefit. Event driven revenue was up 8% for this quarter compared to the prior year and a high percentage fell to the bottom line. As you’ll recall we weren’t planning any event driven growth at the time we shared our fiscal 2008 plan with you given the overall record results we had in fiscal 2007 driven by 30% growth in 2007. Event driven revenue continues to grow at this time, we remain confident it will grow overall in years to come. Planning this on an annual basis is challenging, we suggest that you don’t try to model this on a quarter by quarter basis but we expect over any multi-year planning period event driven activities will raise our overall growth. Broadridge is in control of its businesses but not the markets we serve. Market volatility is normally good for our business, if this volatility is simply leading to a market correction and not a bear market then there is a short term benefit generally with no material longer term negative impact. However, if this volatility is leading to a bear market we’ll experience a short term benefit where potential longer term negative effects until the market stabilizes and then starts to build to new highs, which it has always historically done. Before I turn the call over to Dan I wanted to get beyond the specifics of this quarter and generally discuss how I feel about the momentum Broadridge has at this time. There are several key variables that each of our P&O owners try to improve every day. At the top of our list is client retention, I must tell you I feel great about what our team has done to improve the client experience and overall retention. We haven’t lost a major client since prior to this spend and although there have been some small losses our overall retention in all areas feels terrific. We also look at sales strategies and beyond the growth numbers I already shared with you I’d like to highlight one example relating to notice and access. Broadridge led our industry by rolling out notice and access in a clear and understandable way so that each public company could look at it specifically as it related to their needs. That leadership enabled our sales force to have more conversations with more corporate executives than ever before. This has led to a strong increase in register issuer sales regardless of whether or not they chose to use notice and access. We of course continue to intensify our investment initiatives to identify new solutions that we can leverage through our distribution channel, arguably the best channel in the industry. Margins continue to improve in each produce level to our disciplined process management and technology investments and finally and probably most important our client center culture where we trust, engage and hold all associates accountable has just been named one of the 30 best companies to work for in New York State. These key dashboard metrics continue to raise my confidence that we can grow shareholder value over any multi-year period even though as we look forward through the windshield its not clear within the markets we serve whether it will be sunny or stormy for the months ahead. It is clear we are well positioned to take advantage of good markets and weather tough markets by retaining the clients we have getting new clients and distributing more products to all of these clients. I’m going to now turn the call over to Dan and when he’s finished I’ll be back to review our fiscal ’08 guidance and provide my closing comments before we head into Q&A.
Dan Sheldon: As Rich mentioned this was a good quarter from both revenue growth and EBIT margin expansion of perspective. With that said I’m on slide four our financial results, and as I go through the next few pages I’m reviewing both the quarter and year to date results as well as give you some direction on how we see the second half for the segments, other and our cash flows. On slide four our revenue growth as Rich mentioned grew 8% for the quarter and 5% year to date. The quarter results for all of our segments were better than last year and above our expectations with respect to contributions from internal growth. The internal growth for Q2 of 7% was strong and above Q1. The Q2 growth was primarily driven by increased Investor Communications activity and to a lesser extent trade volumes. I’ll go into more detail when reviewing the segment. The contributions from sales, losses and other were in line with our expectations for both the quarter and year to date. With respect to our pre-tax earnings net income and earnings per share excluding the one time transition expenses and interest for the quarter and year to date grew significantly due to scale in the business, distribution fee mixes and the impact from some one times especially revenue from contract cancellation fees. I’m now on slide five with a couple of additional point on the bottom, we paid down an additional $10 million in long term debt and $95 million year to date bringing our long term debt down to $523 million. Our long term debt to EBITA ratio should be between 1% and 1.1% given our full year forecast and cash flow projections which we’ll discuss in a minutes. Our effective tax rate is still estimated at 39% and as Rich mentioned our sales were $38 million for the quarter, $68 million year to date and ahead of our plan in prior year especially around event driven mutual fund activity. By the way, the distribution for that between recurring and event is a split of 40%, 60% respectively. I’m now moving on to slide six, the segment results for Investor Communications. Our total revenue for this quarter were up 6% and year to date 2% and in both periods we had great margin expansion. With respect to revenue growth in the second quarter was greatly impacted by a 9% internal growth coming from both our recurring revenues and event driven. Our net new business for both the quarter and year to date is in line with our expectations and the loss is primarily related to the one large client we previously discussed. With respect to notice and access it is true it had little impact on our first half results but we are gaining share with respect to new registered proxy business and additional business for notice and access services which will give us some benefit in the fourth quarter proxy season. Having said that let me give you a perspective of the second half with some other items. We are still expecting to see an improvement in net new business as the anniversary of that large loss is coming to an end at the end of Q3.  We do expect to see continued growth in event driven activity, especially around mutual fund proxies given our year to date sales. We are also expecting to see continued recurring revenue internal growth from our interims and our transactions statements. Finally, as per equity proxy revenues which represent over 40% of our total revenues in the second half and 60% of our revenues in the fourth quarter we expect a range of between a -4% to flat given that today stock record growth on a year to date basis is at a -4%. As already mentioned we had a significant margin expansion in both the quarter and year to date aided by the distribution fee mix and some impacts from some one times. We still expect a 50 to 80 basis points improvement in margins for the full fiscal year. I’ll now turn to slide seven, looking at Securities Processing Solutions. Our total revenues were up 2% for the quarter and 6% year to date and you remember Q1 we had 10% total revenue growth for this segment. As Rich mentioned our internal growth from trade volumes had been the primary drivers behind the growth in both quarters. The equity trades per day continues to average the $2.5 million per day in Q2. Although there was a great deal of activity in the second quarter both up and down the net for the quarter remained at the same $2.5 million. As we mentioned last quarter we had reached the $2.5 million average trade per day in the third quarter of last year so our second half in FY08 is not forecasted to have much benefit from any trade per day growth. This is the same, by the way, for our fixed income. Our net new business, which is sales less losses has been a drag on revenues for both the quarter and year to date due to the loss of TD which will also continue throughout the rest of this fiscal year. Having said that the margins for the quarter were negatively impacted due to the increased investment and one time expenses, margins will continue to decline in the second half due to the revenue shrinkage from TD as well as adding back as we mentioned before approximately $5 million in expense to our run rate due to the fact that we have a large R&D project that is coming to an end on a client implementation that will begin to impact us at the end of Q3. I’ll now move on to slide eight, which is Ridge Clearing and Outsourcing and Other. With respect to the Clearing and Outsourcing revenues for the quarter were up 7% and year to date 10% and operating losses have improved year over year given scale in the business. Sales for both the quarter and year to date contributed 15% to growth and we expect to see double digit revenue growth from sales in this segment for the second half. The loss of TD negatively impacted us by 13% and it accounted for most of the lost business. The TD loss again will be with us in this segment as well throughout the second half. Internal growth is up for both the quarter and year to date and was primarily driven by clearance fees from increased trade and to a lesser extent net interest on balances. We expect the internal growth in the second half but will be impacted negatively by the drop in interest rate most recently announced. Given forecasted revenue growth in the second half we will exit this year with the business on a profitable trend but will be slightly behind our planed break even.  Let’s move on to Other, revenues for both the quarter of $5 million and year to date almost $8 million are driven from contract cancellation fees and we don’t see much of anything in the second half. Usually we only see a couple of million a year in cancellation fees as we don’t have much in the way of terminations in any year, this however was an exceptional year given the two large losses. With respect to net other expense for the quarter of $15 million and year to date $23 million, 100% of the cancellation fees fall to the bottom line. With respect to interest expense, there won’t be any significant additional pay down on long term debt or impact from recent interest rate reductions until Q4. Transition expenses are $3 million approximately for each of the first two quarters and are expected to be in with the $12 million to $14 million range we’ve earlier discussed. Corporate and new initiative expenses are at $7 million for the quarter and year to date and as Rich mentioned will be slightly higher in the second half as we continue to finalize our build out. I’ll now turn over to slide nine for our cash flow, last quarter we reviewed with you why we look at our cash flows with and without the Ridge, Clearing, Outsourcing Segment and that’s why we’ve now displayed all three of those columns for you both Ridge, without Ridge and our grand total. With respect to Clearing, the large change in that asset was related to primarily one transaction that has since cleared. As mentioned before this business always uses short term financing as part of its normal business. With respect to the other segments, depreciation, amortization and stock based compensation are in line with our prior years and expectations. Working capital change is always primarily related to timing of receivables so therefore can be plus or minus in any given period. I will make an important note here that capital expenditures year to date of $16 million is closer expected to be for the full year at $50 million to $55 million and given the investments and projects we have in the pipeline is the reason for that increase. This year is expected to be slightly higher than previous years and again primarily related to spin related new facilities both domestically and internationally. To wrap this up free cash flows generated in the last six months $123 million and used primarily in the last six months to pay down debt and pay dividends. We do expect to generate between $90 million and $120 million in free cash flows in the second half and with that I’ll now turn it back over to Rich Daly.
Rich Daly: Let me start by reiterating that our previous guidance from the first quarter has not changed. However, as I mentioned during my opening remarks our second quarter performance and volume trends have led us to believe we are moving toward the higher end of our EPS range. During our first quarter earnings call we communicated that we would have earnings per share excluding one time transition expenses in the $1.30 to $1.40 range. When we created this guidance the performance you saw in the second quarter and the benefit from volume trends were contemplated into the higher end of the guidance. Given the fact that, as Dan said, for the last four quarter our trades per day have been flat at 2.5 million trades, baring any major shift in current volume trends we don’t expect to see the same level of over performance in the second half of the fiscal year that occurred in the first. With that said I’d like to remind everyone of how in our first quarter earnings call we supported how to interpret the low end and the high end of our guidance range. The low end of the guidance range assumes a slight blow up in trade volumes and less event driven revenues for the remainder of the year. The high end assumes slightly better trade volumes and modest event driven revenue increases for the remainder of the year. Our guidance does not contemplate any major down turn in the market concerned that could result in a significant and immediate drop in market activity. As you think through our guidance you should keep in mind that our fourth quarter is our biggest quarter. Historically represents somewhere in the range of 50% to 55% of full year earnings. Let me talk a little bit about free cash flow, Dan went through the numbers, we will use our free cash flows to add value, we are going to pay down debt, we are going to pay a dividend, we’ll look to acquire products and businesses and again, at least for fiscal ’08, we are not contemplating any share buy backs. Let me summarize quickly before we go into Q&A. We had another solid quarter and continue to have a nice start to the fiscal year with strong quarterly earnings driven by internal growth and continued event driven activity. As a result of the strong quarter and current market trends we believe our EPS will be toward the higher end of our EPS range. Markets are difficult to predict and activity in the markets will create both up side as well as down side. Current market activities present short term opportunity but if a bear market occurs it could present some challenges or opportunities beyond the next month or quarter. Broadridge is in control of our businesses but not the markets we serve. We remain committed and confident that we can grow our business over any multi-year period. I’m now going to turn the call back over for Q&A. 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Tin Jen Wong with JP Morgan.
Tin Jen Wong – JP Morgan: On Securities Processing I was hoping to get a little bit more detail on the mix issue that drove less revenue growth in relation to trading volume, I didn’t quite catch that, could you run through that again?
Dan Sheldon: If you think about Q1 where we had the 10% growth, think about that more from trade volumes at that point in time of the 38% drove around $5 million or $6 million and then the remaining increase, which was probably another $4 million or $5 million, came. If you remember we talked about T&M which was the time and material and some one time activity that we were fortunate to come end of some jobs on. Putting that in perspective if you think about 38% drove about $6 million in Q1 and then you put the same perspective on Q2 that we had 19% driving approximately $3 million I think it puts it in the right perspective how to think about the volume.
Tin Jen Wong – JP Morgan: On the investment side, I’m not sure if I caught this, how much of the $10 million planned investment for the year did you end up spending in Q2?
Rich Daly: We committed to ramp up our investments, first of all I don’t want anyone to believe that we are only spending or investing $10 million in the business. We made a conscious decision at the time of the spend to increase that. We are doing it prudently and in the first half we were not at the full planned rate and the second half we expect to be at the full plan rate maybe even slightly better and I’m pleased about that because ultimately this will generate activity for future use.
Dan Sheldon: Just helping you out, when we talked about the incremental $10 million be thinking about that much more and we’ll look at the other space because those are long term kinds of initiatives. We also had made investments inside our field including the Securities Processing for some of the products they were already starting to work on. To put it in perspective for you as you are trying to think about your numbers you should be thinking year over year even in the second quarter that’s slightly up $2 million to $3 million, just for that period and that includes some one times in there so that will not necessarily carry forward.
Tin Jen Wong – JP Morgan: It sounds like the sales in the pipeline still quite good, could you give us a little bit more detail on the new sales environment, how does it feel out there relative to prior quarter, do sales cycles feel longer, we get that question quite often so I thought I would ask it on the call?
Rich Daly: It breaks out because of the breadth of our products it really covers the full horizon. On the large mega outsourcing deals, call it $5 million plus, those will always be long sale cycles and as I’ve said often it’s not over till its over. We feel very good about the segment that we’ve identified in our Securities Processing area and Outsourcing where it’s companies that are clearing through others have the capital to be self clearing and we believe these 100 entities we’ve identified could probably generate about, on average $3 million. We’ve closed one this quarter, we had previously closed one but we think it’s a very good value proposition. In the Communication space as I said, because of our leadership in notice and access we are getting to meet with more corporate executives and we are going to be ahead of plan. Right now I’m thinking around $5 million, maybe a little better in terms of activities that were driven and registered sales because of the leadership we’ve demonstrated in notice and access. With all I’ve said, the momentum feels very, very good.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer: One question about the M&A outlook and what you are seeing there. Is anything imminent or what are you looking at as far as spend? I know you had alluded to $35 million before, what are you looking at now?
Rich Daly: First of all we won’t comment on any deals until they were over and there’s good reason for it because this again, it’s not over till its over. Second, the $35 million was our original plan around tuck ins up to that size and I said during the last quarter and is worthy of repeating now that given our strong cash flows and the fact that we paid down debt faster than we originally anticipated we are looking at the right opportunity to expand that range. It certainly is going to be in context with our commitment to remain investment grade and our commitment to have the right opportunity. Beyond that I want to cover one last point which I think will give you the last piece you are missing. I talked about the distribution channel on my comments today. We really have a great distribution channel; we have a sea sweet relationship with every firm because of the Communications business. If there is a right product set out there that we can help drive the market we are going to look to take advantage of that and we’ll look to do that through partnering or acquisitions going forward.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer: As far as new business, are there any elephant deals out there that you are looking at? How is the fall out of the sub-prime market and how it’s less than some of the bigger broker dealers in their current state, how is that affecting your business or the likelihood of winning additional business or them outsourcing?
Rich Daly: In my 18 plus years I’ve seen it go all ways. I’ll break it down to two things; changes in market creates new dialogues in firms and sometimes those dialogues are helpful, sometimes they are not. We clearly can provide our client a better cost model; we can clearly provide them a more efficient, more reliable model. They still need to be willing to go through a conversion. The sub-prime activity is certainly creating lots of dialogue and that can work to accelerate a dialogue we are in or that can work to delay a dialogue we are in. I’m going to go back to my standard comment on all of these deals, it’s not over till its over and we are always in dialogues with someone because we have such a strong value proposition.
Dan Sheldon: Part of your question was how should we think about more of our base being impacted by sub-prime so let me add a little bit of color to that piece. When you think about the Securities Processing business that’s were the sub-prime would be primarily impacting on trade volumes but to give you a clear picture of that, thinking more of our fixed income which is about a $50 million business and then inside of that sub-prime is about a $10 million to $15 million kind of product. As we’ve talked with our clients and believe me we’ve spent a lot of time with our clients.  As Rich mentioned some of them might be looking to get out of it and some of them might be looking to absolutely enhance either acquisitions or expanding their business. From an impact as we look at it today, from what we’ve heard, again we are speaking today from what we know. Sub-prime by itself would not have a material impact to us for any kind of change that’s going on in that world.
Rich Daly: Even on a trading mix what we’ve seen is people who shift from mortgage backs over to treasuries so we’ve seen a little bit of drop in activity in one place offset by an increase in activity in the other place. Will there be a negative impact? There could be, we aren’t expecting it to be material based on what we’ve seen so far.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of [Pete Peckman with Blackthorne.]
[Pete Peckman – Blackthorne]: I wanted to ask a question as regards your commentary on bear markets and whether or not we are going into a bear market remains to be seen. Clearly the market is correcting quite a bit and going back and remembering how that affected some of your peers, more specifically Sungard Security Processing segment in the ’00 to ’02 area. It seemed like the trade volumes hit them most dramatically but then also they saw a slow down in decision cycles and a pull back in kind of the discretionary projects that were around and supplemented the longer term security processing deals. Would you say those are the three areas that you have most exposure in a bear market? Can you talk about what type of magnitude you’d expect trades per day to fall? What they did fall in that environment.
Rich Daly: First of all each market has its own unique features based on the way our clients and our potential clients react to what they need. One thing I will comment on though is that as I’ve said before the last down market we had when the bubble burst we had a model in which trading far more impacted our revenues than it does today. We’ve given our clients the benefit of our scale on the up side which means on the down side our revenue doesn’t drop on a percentage basis related to trade volume just like as you heard in our growth of trades of 19% this quarter it really drove 2% in revenue increases. I think that discussions are always good and I think whatever drives discussion is always good and the stronger we make our value propositions the more likely when firms are willing to have a discussion to say is what we are doing making sense. The stronger our value propositions are the more likely we are to get someone to engage in a dialogue about considering outsourcing who may not have considered it before. As far as discretionary spend goes, without question, we do very little of what people would consider to be P&M and consulting and so I don’t see what we do on the discretionary side as being material. What you didn’t cover was the event driven activities and that’s the last piece beyond trading that would really be significantly impacted and what we historically saw in the past was our event driven revenue particularly in the mutual fund space people who had decided to do a full proxy or folks who were considering doing a full proxy.  They said we are going to wait a little bit longer, we are not looking to incur the expense at this point in time and some M&A activity on the event driven side. We also saw a slow up and generally it comes back at a much higher rate as the market stabilizes and people find M&A opportunities out there.
Dan Sheldon: I would add one other piece to that. Also back in that period of the last down turn we were at 70% retail versus 30% institutional in that Securities Processing space and today when you look at our trade volumes you have to be thinking much more very large institutional making up over 70% of that trade volume.
[Pete Peckman – Blackthorne]: That’s a helpful distinction. Yes that’s also from the event driven side, that scenario had not been exposed to in previous down turns. One more follow up, on the contract termination fees, did those typically come through at high margin or are there a lot of de-conversion costs on your side that tend to offset the benefit?
Dan Sheldon: They are 100% of the bottom line. For those kinds of contracts, for instance, they were already at the end of their contract terms so there was nothing on the balance sheet and no other costs. All the $9 million falls to the bottom line.
[Pete Peckman – Blackthorne]: What would that have equated to on an EPS basis?
Dan Sheldon: On an EPS basis that would have been approximately $0.04.
[Pete Peckman – Blackthorne]: In this quarter?
Dan Sheldon: It’s a combination of the two, you had both quarters there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of [Nahas Kapur] with Credit Suisse.
[Nahas Kapur] – Credit Suisse:  I wanted to get a sense from you guys about the Clearing business that you talked about the Clearing Outsource have been slightly behind your plan but you expect to be slightly behind your plan for the year. Can you give some more color on that and what’s falling short versus your plan?
Rich Daly: The simple answer is that as rates come down the spreads that we retain on margin comes down. Business is performing in essence on plan primarily with that one piece.
[Nahas Kapur] – Credit Suisse: Are there any ways to offset some of that revenue loss? Rates are going to come down a bit more what are the things you guys are thinking of?
Rich Daly: We will be at break even as we exit the year on that business and that’s our highest sales growth opportunity and without the Clearing business we wouldn’t have the opportunity to go after those 100 firms and that outsourcing segment with an average revenue of $3 million each. As I look at our ability to create value going forward I feel great about our outsourcing capabilities in our Clearing business that provides that capability.
Dan Sheldon: To put some perspective to that, the reason we even raise that up is because that business, everyone we had talked to was going to be at a break even position so the impact from the interest for that business is a few million dollars. I want to put into perspective from the overall business and the reason we’ve even raised it. It’s certainly not a huge number for the overall company but it’s an important number because again it’s a net interest impact.
[Nahas Kapur] – Credit Suisse: From a margin standpoint, a normalized run rate environment what do you think that this business should be operating at? Is it a mid single digit margin business or is it a high?
Rich Daly: We expect that to be 10% to 20%. Again, we are in the clearing business to leverage our ASP model and to feed more transactions into the ASP model our SPS segment. That’s the strategy and we are pleased at the execution of the strategy to date.
Dan Sheldon: We’ve said, by the way, the way to think about that and you can see the leverage over the last few years of scalability as we drive that revenue and we’ve expected that revenue to grow north of 10% every year given our sales and you can see what we are accomplishing there. You’ll see anywhere, depending upon the mix of business, whether it be outsourcing or the clearing side of between 20% and greater than 50% in contributions to the bottom line for that incremental revenue. I think that’s the only way you can put it into perspective as you try to build out as we also try to say longer term we’ll get to these higher margins.
[Nahas Kapur] – Credit Suisse: On the capex, what’s a run rate to look at going forward, because this year is obviously a little elevated, what’s that number look like in a more normalized environment?
Rich Daly: The more normalized, great question is to be thinking in the $40 million to $50 million range, and by the way, and equally so does what we call the depreciation and amortization so about equal the same. If you think even longer term be thinking again of 2% to 2.5% of our revenue overall goes to capex/intangibles.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of [Stephen Miketuck] from Pike Place Capital.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: Back to the registry business, can you just give us a sense of how much of Investor Communications is registry versus the beneficial business?
Rich Daly: The vast majority of our Communications business is beneficial. That’s the contractable broker dealers. The market on the registered side I estimate to be about $100 million, probably slightly less. There are 14,000 issuers out there 7,000 that would really make up the bulk of that revenue and we have about 1,000 maybe slightly better at this point of those issuers.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: You are saying the $100 million is the total market opportunity if you continue to go after, it sounds like the notice and access is just giving you another entrée to get in front of these people and tell them what you are capable of doing?
Rich Daly: That’s correct; we’ve clearly been able to demonstrate our leadership here.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: The SG&A went up quite a bit sequentially, was that the beginning of this increased investment and it was also down in the second reporting that other category on the EBIT line went up quite a bit sequentially, what caused those?
Dan Sheldon: Let me put it in perspective, the majority of Other does fall into SG&A. You know how you do the fate of the financial statement, that Other on the base of the financial statement which is the $9 million, call it $18 million year to date is all the interest. Think about everything else in other as going to SG&A from an expense standpoint and you’re absolutely right, that’s the build up that we were previously talking about.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: The number I was actually referring to Other was back on the segment data where it’s Other $15.2 million in the segment on the EBIT line. That was against $7.8 million in the first quarter so is that still the same thing in terms of the investing that’s going on for new products and R&D.
Dan Sheldon: The way to think about that was in Q1 we hardly had any corporate build out even, not just investments but corporate build out, I mean building your corporate headquarters, staff, treasury, tax, audit etcetera. That has now built up as we mentioned to the $7 million versus flat in Q1. That is hitting the Other line.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: Up in the consolidated numbers you are saying that’s in SG&A.
Dan Sheldon: Yes it is as well as any one time transition costs are also in that section.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: Did you break out the transition costs, is that in, that was the $3.5 million back in the non-GAAP?
Dan Sheldon: Yes, that’s absolutely correct, if you go to the non-GAAP you will see the $3.5 million in the year to date over five.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: When we get into fiscal ’09 do the one time transition expenses fall away?
Dan Sheldon: Yes they do, they fall away and we’ll still have a slight corporate build as we call it in Q1 because it wasn’t there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Deanna Mitchell with [Aquere Bank].
Deanna Mitchell – [Aquere Bank]: I have two questions, you talked about leverage and you’ve had a few questions about bear markets, I’m just curious to know as to what flex you’ve got in your cost space in the event of a bear market and you do start to see pressure on the revenue line?
Rich Daly: The good news about the leverage is that we can add volumes and push a good portion of that to the bottom line. Certainly in our Processing business and also to a strong degree our Communications business but if the markets were to turn we certainly have a high percentage of fixed costs as well related to that and so we would not be able to take down our expenses in the same line as the drop in revenue.
Deanna Mitchell – [Aquere Bank]: The second question is just in terms of you mentioned that interest rate sensitivity we are obviously seeing quite material changes in the cash writing in the US, can you give us a feel if you’ve got a sensitivity analysis, for example a 25 drop will equate to on your profits?
Dan Sheldon: What I can say to you is that it’s all going to be concentrated with any kind of interest in our Clearing business and I just kind of mentioned to you that the last 125 basis point is going to cost us a few million dollars on an annualized basis, that’s the way to think about it.
Deanna Mitchell – [Aquere Bank]: The last question is in terms of you mentioned you’ve been picking off market share in the registry space, is that from the big players like Barney and Miller and Computer Share or is it more from the smaller players which are kind of struggling to keep up to date with all the changes of IRS and notice and access, etcetera.
Rich Daly: I don’t have an exact view of that but everything I sense and hear is that it’s evenly distributed over the various providers out there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vivian Memelak from US Steel Pension Fund.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund: I just want to follow up on the investor communications share gain question. I curious as to mix there, what you are seeing from clients in terms of electronic versus print, are they doing both a mixture. What has the trend evolved into with notice and access?
Rich Daly: Because of all the moving variables here it’s tough to say what the trend is right now. The reason we’ve been effective in meeting with corporations is we can show them what the new notice and access rules, give them options to do and then by profiling their prior annual meeting and their current needs in their current annual meeting let them select, if there is a cost opportunity, do they have tough proposals they need to get through and how would they manage this with a new process which may have lower voting returns etcetera. Its not an across the board answer, what it is though is that if you were making this decision we would be there with clear models showing you for your meeting how you can most effectively run it and it’s that reason I said even if they haven’t chose notice and access our win rate is up because I think we are clearly demonstrating that we are the best provider in this space.
Vivian Memelak – US Steel Pension Fund: As a follow up, in terms of Investor Communication you also mentioned that there were some small losses, if you could just comment on that?
Rich Daly: I was not talking specifically about Investor Communication when I was speaking of small losses.
Dan Sheldon: When he spoke to the small losses they were primarily in some of the small start up clearing kind of firms, very small revenue and also very little impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of [Stephen Miketuck] from Pike Place Capital.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: I just want to beat this bear market horse to death hear a little bit. Just to clarify when you talk about a bear market you are coming from the perspective as you said of during the internet bubble 70% of your trading volume was coming vis-à-vis retail brokers and now that’s flip flopped that its 70% institutional, correct? In other words the fact that the stock market has gone down over the last nine months some people would call that a bear market but that hasn’t hurt your business so far it’s actually kind of helped in terms of trading volumes. I’m trying to get this proverbial bear market that would hurt your business, you are saying if people just stop trading equities or pull their money out of the stock market and went and did something else kind of like they did after the internet bubble, people went to try and trade houses instead of stocks. Is that a fair characterization?
Rich Daly: I think it is, 70% comment flip flopping is correct and for us our definition would be a sustained reduction of activity across our various products for a multi-month period of time.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: In other words a lot of money comes out of the stock market, people stock trading stocks or bonds and they sit in a money market and do nothing is kind of the negative scenario, is that right?
Rich Daly: That would be a fair assumption.
[Stephen Miketuck] – Pike Place Capital: I just want to clarify that because again a lot of people would say we are in a bear market right now and so far it doesn’t seem to be hurting your business. I just want to make sure understand.
Rich Daly: Equating the negativities of a bear market to us directly is a little more complex because as you pointed out the current market some people may not feel great about, it hasn’t impacted us to date, that’s correct.
Operator: I’m showing that we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Daly.
Rich Daly: Thanks to all of you for participating. I hope we express that we are feeling good about the long term future of Broadridge. I am confident we will continue to be leaders in our markets. I want to thank everyone for participating; Dan, Marvin and I look forward to speaking with all of you over the next quarter. Thanks and choose to have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marvin Sims - IR Rich Daly – CEO Dan Sheldon – CFO
Analysts: Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike PlaceCapital Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Broadridge FinancialSolutions first quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) I will now turn the conference over to Marvin Sims, VicePresident of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Marvin Sims : Good morning, everyone and welcome to Broadridge quarterlyearnings call and webcast for the first quarter of fiscal 2008. I am MarvinSims, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning I am here with RichDaly, Chief Executive Officer for Broadridge and Dan Sheldon, Chief FinancialOfficer for Broadridge.  I am sure everyone has had the opportunity to review thenews release we issued earlier this morning. The news release and the slidepresentation that will accompany today’s earnings call and webcast can be foundon the Investor Relations home page of our website at Broadridge.com. We’vealso posted to our website the key revenue metrics that we mentioned during ourfourth quarter earnings call and an 8-K was filed this morning.  Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that duringtoday’s conference call, we will discuss some forward-looking statements thatinvolved risks. These risks are discussed here on slide 1 and in our periodicfiles with the SEC.  During the review of our financial results to provide apoint-to-point comparison between fiscal '08 and fiscal '07, all pre-tax andnet earnings numbers discussed throughout the presentation are non-GAAP andexclude one-time transition expenses and interest on new debt. The actual GAAPreported numbers and comparisons are also listed.  During the review of our segment results, again for a point-to-pointcomparison for revenue and operating profits, we will discuss adjusted numbersthat reflect a change in the methodology that occurred in the third quarter offiscal 2007 for the interest segment allocation between clearing and outsourcingand the other two segments. Again, a reconciliation to the GAAP numbers isavailable in the presentation appendix as well as in the press release.  Now let's turn to the next slide and review today's agenda,Rich Daly will start today's meeting with his opening remarks and provide youwith a summary of the financial results for the quarter and discuss a few keytopics. Dan Sheldon will then review the financial results in further detail,and review cash flow performance. Rich will then return and review the fiscal2008 guidance and provide a summary before heading into the Q&A part of thecall. After Q&A, Rich will provide his closing comments.  Now please turn to the next slide for Rich’s openingcomments. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Rich Daly. 
Richard Daly: Thanks, Marvin. Good morning, everyone. This morning as partof my openings remarks, I'll discuss the following key topics: First, the resultsof our first quarter; next, the market conditions during the quarter; and thenan update on key topics and initiatives. After Dan's update, I'll discuss howour first quarter and the market conditions prompted us to raise our guidanceto a range of $1.30 to $1.40 versus our original guidance of a $1.17 to $1.25.  We believe it’s important for you to hear my update on whatdrove our first quarter financial results and the market conditions they occurredin; as well as Dan’s update to have a better context for understanding ourincreased guidance.  Let me start by saying that I am very pleased with ourresults and earnings and I am encouraged by the market activity that drove usabove our planned performance. It’s a strong start to fiscal year 2008,although the first quarter is generally only planned about 14% of our full yearearnings. We were even able to grow over the two client losses we previouslydisclosed. We continue to drive positive margin expansion, greatly impacted bytrading volume revenue falling to the bottom line and benefits from one-timeitems.  The primary components of our over-plan performance for thequarter were internal growth with significant growth in trading volume of 37%;also contributing were one-time items and even event-driven activity wasslightly above our plan. However, I want to point out that some of this over-planperformance was partially related to the delayed timing and ramping up ourinvestment spend and the public company infrastructure spend. I will talk moreinvestments later during my update on key topics and initiatives.  Relative to our expectation and coming off the summer months,I am also very pleased with our overall sales. The first quarter ishistorically the smallest contributor to our overall plan. Our sales for thequarter of $30 million are just over 25% of our full year plan; or recurringsales for the quarter making up 30% and event-driven sales making up thebalance. The net of this is that our recurring sales are in line with plan, andevent-driven sales are over-plan.  Now, we will always need to keep our financial performancein context with market conditions, and that market turns are difficult topredict. At the time we put together our plan, we were concerned aboutprojecting growth off of a record year of 30% growth in event-drivenrevenue. At the time we presented our fiscal2008 guidance on August 22, our concerns were compounded by the summer creditcrisis and its potential impact on the market and event-driven activity. Here we are now, a quarter later, and our first quartertrading volume was up 37% and even event-driven results are slightly overplan. At Broadridge, we will always beconcerned about forecasting the upside or downside of market activity duringany short-term period. We are confident we can control our businesses. Werecognize we are not in control of the markets we serve. Let’s move to key topics and initiatives, starting withclient retention. The best way I know to retain our existing revenue and grownew revenue is to provide the ultimate client-centric experience. We need toavoid being commoditized, so as our clients’ markets evolve, we must expand andreinvent our offering to create better and stronger value propositions. Everyone of our P&L owners, and therefore the entireorganization, now have clear requirements that they understand their clients’strategy and how we fit into that strategy today, and more so in the future.  Now I will talk about investments and a small acquisition. Inthe quarter we completed a small acquisition for less than $6 million plus anearn-out by acquiring Finaplex. This acquisition provides us with someadditional wealth management capabilities. We have also included in our fiscal ‘08plan about $10 million an incremental investment to search out and begindevelopment of new products that will drive revenue growth in future years. We expect this expense to be part of our ongoing run rate. Wehave a stringent approval criteria before any funds are dispersed. This has causedus to be behind our planned fiscal ‘08 spending levels, but we believe thiswill ultimately ensure that we invest these funds in the best opportunitieswith clear goals and clear accountability. Now for quick update on the regulatory front. First, notice andaccess. We have successfully rolled out notice and access. Issuers have saved realmoney and the functionality we built works as planned; however, long-term issuerparticipation rates will be difficult to project. This is due to the unknownstatus of the ten-day vote for directors and other corporate governanceproposals that if incorporated into the proxy rules, will make notice andaccess less attractive to issuers. All of these results to-date have beenpresented to the SEC.  Next, XBRL . We continue to work with the SEC on developingthe taxonomies for the notice and proxy statement. We are proud to step up tothis leadership opportunity created by this new SEC initiative. Next, a brief update on suppression incentive fees. Brokersand their trade association have been questioned on the appropriateness ofcharging suppression fees in certain situations. We participated with SIFMA andthe brokerage community in analyzing these fees and helping the New York Stock Exchangeand the SEC develop the reimbursement fee schedule. We remain confident in boththe value proposition and its direct tie-in to the requirements of the rule.  Other regulatory activities remain high. However, this isconsistent with our experience over the last two decades.  With that said, I will now turn the call over to Dan andwhen he's finished, I will be back to review our fiscal '08 guidance andprovide my closing comments before we head into the Q &A. 
Dan Sheldon: Thanks Rich. I am on slide 4. Our financial results for thequarter, our revenues grew 3% and without distribution fees, grew 7%. Of the3%, think of that as half the growth coming from the segments and the restcoming from our one-time contract termination fee, as well as the benefit fromFX.  The contributions, by the way, from sales and losses torevenues were in line with our expectations. With respect to internal growth,it was better than our expectations by $16 million and was driven primarily byincreased trade volumes in our securities processing and clearing andoutsourcing segments, and interim statements and event-driven mutual fund proxyactivity in our investor communications segment. I would also point out thatevent-driven sales are part of our internal growth as they don’t necessarilyrepeat each year.  Losses were in line with our expectations, including the twolarge client losses which impacted revenues by approximately $16 million.  Turning over to EPS before transition one-time expenses andinterest on new debt, it is up 48% and primarily driven by pre-tax earnings, solet me focus for a minute then on pre-tax earnings. They grew almost 50% thisquarter. Our over-plan internal growth of $16 million I just mentioned had anEBIT contribution of over 60%, which more than made up for our two large clientlosses with respect to EBIT.  We also benefited from the termination fees I mentioned andFX. I would also point out that our expense levels are below, as Rich mentioned,our planned rate due to a slower than anticipated ramp up of corporatestructure and incremental investments in the business. We also benefited fromour royalty expense dropping off to the tune of $11 million.  A couple of other points I would make on this page: ourestimated tax rate is 39% versus our guidance of 40%. We have analyzed our FIN 48requirements and implementation had little impact on our effective tax rate. Ourdebt now is $533 million, as we paid down an additional $85 million, and since thespin, have paid down $155 million. As Richmentioned, our sales for the quarter were strong, were above last year andagain approximate 25% of our full year target.  As I mentioned last quarter, the rate of which sales convertto revenue in any fiscal year is about 50% with the carryover of the remaining50% going into the next fiscal year. Let me be a little bit more specific withrespect to event and recurring. Event-driven sales usually fall to revenuewithin the fiscal year that they are sold; and with respect to the recurringsales which primarily happen in our security processing and in our clearing andoutsourcing, they fall to the current year to about 20% with the carryover remainingat 80% until the next fiscal year. Hopefully that will help you with some ofthe modeling that you are all trying to do.  Let’s turn to pages 5 and 6 for a discussion of the segments. On slide 5 we will start off with investorcommunications. Revenues were down 3%, or if you take out the distribution fees,flat; and slightly above our plan. The loss of the previously disclosed largeclient decreased revenues by 3%. Our event-driven revenue were flat, but thedistribution fees related to these revenues were down year over year due to themix between pre-sorted bulk and first class.  Our recurring internal growth drove revenues up by 3% andhigher than our expectations for both interims and for some of the mutual fund,but lower for our equities. With respect to our margins, they were up 210 basispoints. The distribution fee mix change added 180 basis points, which I will comeback to in a second; and the product mix,as we would expect, added about 30 basis points.  Now back to the distribution fee contribution of 180 basispoints. We had, this period, more bulk presorted jobs in this quarter versus ayear ago in Q1, we had more first-class jobs. And if you remember what we’vetalked about before, we make profits on the bulk presorted activity which weshare with the issuers and others. There is no profit on first class. So thisis how you can have a decrease in total revenues for distribution fees, yethave an improved margin as far as contributions to EBIT. With respect to notice and access, Rich already brought upwhere we are at. I’ll tell you it hadminimal impact to our results. Our distribution fees dropped by approximately$2 million and generated fees of less than $1 million. As predicted, there wasno significant negative impact to our earnings. By the way though, Q1 is by nomeans indicative of the year as proxies in this period in Q1 represent only 10%of our full year proxy revenues.  With respect to securities processing, revenues are up 10%which are above our plan and the increased revenues were primarily driven byinternal growth related to trade volume and for equities, was driven by just afew clients. As you can see by our sub-bullets, trade volumes in both equitiesand fixed income are up significantly. The way to think about internal growthin this segment is that for every 1% change in trade volumes this willtranslate into a range of $300,000 to $700,000 in incremental annual revenue;and depending upon the product and the client mix, that's where you get intothe range of the $300,000 to $700,000. This quarter, we are in the higher endof that range.  Now with respect to the 2.5 million trades per day, over thelast three quarters -- which was our last third quarter and fourth quarter, andincluding this first quarter -- trades as adjusted for sales and losses to giveus the true picture of internal growth has been relatively flat at that rate of2.5 million trades per day. Last year you'll remember we showed over 25% growthin trades over the prior year for the fiscal year, primarily all coming fromthe internal growth.  The impact to Q1 this year was a large increase in trade andtherefore the revenues. In Q2, there will be an increase as well. However, if tradesdon't increase beyond the 2.5 million before new sales and losses then thesecond half of our year will remain virtually flat.  With respect to revenue from new sales, the contribution was3% and we gained an additional 3% of growth from non-trade activity aroundprofessional services fees. These fees, by the way, fluctuate period to periodas they are specific to client projects. As previously disclosed, the loss ofTD Waterhouse cost us 6 percentage points.  Now, when we look at margins they are up 620 basis points. Whenyou think about internal growth from trade volumes, it always usually virtuallyfalls to the bottom line. By the way, our data center savings this quarteradded 120 basis points, which will continue through out the fiscal year. Finally, although no impact to our margins in Q1, I wouldlike to make you aware that we capitalized both integration and implementationexpenses related to new business and then amortize these costs over thecontract life. Our FY08 plan contemplates about $5 million in incrementalexpense being added back to our cost structure in quarters 2 through 4 as someof our R&D personnel come off a large project where this costs werecapitalized. Currently we don’t see anything in this fiscal year as areplacement project for those personnel. This is normal in our business and we don’thire and fire experienced R&D personnel just due to timing of projects.  With that said, let’s turn to slide 6. With respect to clearing and outsourcing,revenues were up 13% and in line with our expectations. Sales are the majorgrowth driver and contributed 14% which was split 60% between clearing and 40% foroutsourcing. Although we lost TD as an outsourcing client, we gained two additionalclients this quarter. Losses were primarily related to the TD Waterhouse, andinternal growth contributed 9% and was pretty much driven by net interest andclearing fees. With respect to margin improvements of the greater than $1million, they are absolutely in line with our expectations as we continue toleverage our infrastructure and drive towards breakeven this year.  Onto other, which is not really a segment but is our othercategory. Revenues all relate to one-time contract cancellation fees. With respect to net expense of approximately $8 million,this is a combination of our interest expense of $8 million, our one-timetransition expenses of $2 million and these are offset by the one-time itemsthat we mention above in revenue, and the difference between allocations to oursegments and actual expenses.  With that said, let me go a little bit deeper into this area.Some of our corporate expenses are allocated to this segment. We have mentionedbefore that our incremental corporate expenses, as well as investments, wouldapproximate on an annual basis the fall-off of our royalty charge ofapproximately $35 million. We still expected this to be the case. However, as Rich mentioned, our Q1 other expense run rate isbelow our planned levels due to slower than expected ramp up in corporateexpenses and investments. Our plan anticipates that each of the future quarterswill be approximately $6 million to $8 million higher than Q1’s expense rate. Allof the incremental spend is comprehended in our FY08 guidance and again, thisis inline with our original expectations communicated back in August. With respect to FX, we continue to see the weakening of the USdollar and again this year contributed favorably to our results. As wementioned before, on a full year basis foreign revenues represent about 10% ofour consolidated revenues.  I would like to move on to slide 7, our cash flowperformance as well as the discussion of how we look at cash flows. Many of youhave asked us to talk about how we think about cash flows and how we definefree cash flow and our cash performance for the quarter during the calls.  The way we manage and analyze our cash flows is as follows:as you’d expect, we add back to net income depreciation and amortization,including other and stock-based compensation expense. We also aggregate our changes in workingcapital and analyze the changes which are usually changes in accountsreceivable and accrued liabilities related to those receivables.  The pluses or minuses each quarter, or year, are primarilydue to timing of collection and payment of liabilities, versus any real workingcapital requirements. I still estimate our real working capital needs toapproximate whatever we have in revenue growth in any specific year. We then go on to specifically identify the changes in long-termassets and liabilities, as these changes are driven by implementation, deferredexpenses and any deferred revenue related to the contracts. The amortizationoffset is the other depreciation and amortization I mentioned above.  With respect to the clearing and outsourcing receivables andpayables, as well as any deposits with clearing organizations and segregatedcash due to regulatory requirements; these are listed within the cash flowprovided by operation activities. We separate out our clearing business from our net cashprovided by operation activity and we do this for the following reasons. Wewant to know the free cash flows available for our use to investor finance in thenon-clearing and outsourcing businesses. And as we all know, the clearing and outsourcingbusiness is itself a self-financing operation and any funding needed by theorganization to finance margin debits is generated from customer payablecredits or third-party lending from our revolver.  We then go on to subtract our capital expenditures andintangibles to arrive at our definition of free cash flow. As we have mentionedbefore, our depreciation and amortization related to capital and intangibles isbasically an offset in any year.  As you can see from the chart, Broadridge generated strongcash flows this quarter. I would also point out that given seasonality in ourbusiness, over 70% of our profits are usually generated in the last twoquarters of our fiscal year and therefore our fourth and first quarters havethe greatest cash flows.  As I mentioned before, our long-term debt at the end of Q1is now down to $533 million. At this point, I will turn the meeting back over toRich Daly who will discuss our increase in financial guidance as well as theuses of our free cash flow.
Richard Daly: Thanks, Dan. As I mentioned during my opening remarks, thestrong start to our current fiscal year has prompted us to raise our guidance.We are increasing our revenue guidance to a range of 1% to 4% and our dilutedEPS guidance before one-times for fiscal '08 from a range of $1.17 to $1.25 toa new range of $1.30 to $1.40.  In our new guidance, we are reflecting the benefits from thefirst quarter. The low end of the guidance assumes a slight fall off in tradevolumes and less event-driven revenue for the remainder of the year. The highend assumes slightly better trade volumes and modest event driven revenueincreases for the remainder of the year. Our guidance does not contemplate anymajor downturn in the markets we serve that could result in a significant dropin market activity.  With respect to free cash going forward, we will continue touse our strong cash flows to pay down debt, pay a dividend, acquire productsand businesses and at least for fiscal '08, we are not contemplating any sharebuybacks.  Let's summaries before we go into Q&A. We had a verysolid start to the fiscal year, with strong quarterly earnings driven byinternal growth and continued event-driven activity. As a result of this strongstart, we have increased our financial guidance. Markets are difficult topredict and activity in markets will create both upside as well as downside. Broadridge is in control if its business, butnot of the markets.  Our strong cash flows enable us to pay down debt to $533million. We are executing our growth strategy and will drive our service profitchain culture to provide the ultimate client-centric experience in ourindustry. This will ensure we are lined strategically with our clients. Finally, we will continue to invest appropriately in ourbusiness for future growth that will drive greater shareholder value.  Now I will turn the call back over to Carol to open it upfor Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer. 
Ian Zaffino –Oppenheimer : Very good quarter. My question would be on the clearing andoutsourcing business. You narrowed loss very nicely. How much of that isactually attributable to progress in that business in and of itself, or reallythe synergies that you’re getting from the other parts of your business as you havemelded in the CNO business into the rest of the company? 
Dan Sheldon:  Great question. By the way, it’s coming from the businessitself. You’re talking, I believe, about how we look at the fact that we usedto have these cross charges and have any of those cross charges changedanything?  We now state the numbers we give you, we wiped all that out,so you are seeing a real period over period, the exact same kind of charge lastyear as this year coming from the SPS business, so therefore every piece ofleverage coming there, that $1 million improvement, is all being generated bythe business itself.
Ian Zaffino –Oppenheimer :  Margins have improved very nicely this quarter. How are yougoing to continue to do that going forward? What type of initiatives are youlooking at, if you can talk to that, that would be great, thanks.
Dan Sheldon:  Are you speaking again to the clearing and outsourcingbusiness?
Ian Zaffino –Oppenheimer :  I am talking about corporate-wide, two of the biggestinitiatives or whatever, and what would be the biggest areas of marginimprovement?
Richard Daly:  In all of our businesses, it’s a scale play. By having veryefficient infrastructures, the more volume we can put through thatinfrastructure we will almost always be able to create margin improvement. Wealways manage expenses very, very tightly and we expect to do that goingforward. It’s generating more sales activity across our existing products iswhat generates the best margin improvements for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stefan Mykytiuk- Pike Place Capital.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:  I was glad to see there were no articles on E*Trade thismorning in the Journal.
Richard Daly:  So were we.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:  Can you just elaborate Rich, what’s the status of the of theboard study of long-term compensation for management? Any kind of view of whenthat will get wrapped up, so you guys can be tied side-to-side with theshareholders?
Richard Daly:  As I previously stated, we were very, very pleased with thediversity and the strength of the board we were able to put together. A newspin-off though, the company has actually spun before the board is legally inplace, so one of the first things the board did was identify their own outsidecomp consultant, which they have done. They have engaged him to understandwhere Broadridge is relative to its peers. We have an extensive CD&A, asyou will see in the notice and proxy statement, but my understanding is thatthe board work continues. I am not part of the comp committee, as one wouldexpect me not to be, but we believe that they will have more data certainly bythe end of the calendar year. That’s pretty much what I can tell you at thispoint.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:  Keeping along the line of board-level discussions, youmentioned in your comments stock buybacks not contemplated for the fiscal year.It looks like you are on track to pay down this debt and get to your leveragetargets. Beyond that, is that something that you think would be a priority forfree cash flow? Buybacks, that is.
Richard Daly:  The priority for cash flow is to create value, so where weare right now is paying down debt certainly is a priority. We are looking toget to that stated goal of 1:1 debt-to-EBITDA.  We are committed to pay a dividend and we are committed touse our cash flows to improve the business whether that be through the tuck-inor product acquisitions or business acquisitions.  We absolutely will consider, as we go forward, whether ornot doing buybacks will create greater value than the other options we have. Atthis point in time, we don’t anticipate that to come into play in the currentfiscal year though.
Stefan Mykytiuk - Pike Place Capital:  Just going one step further with that then, acquisitions. Arethere larger acquisitions out there that you’ve identified that you think arevery attractive and its just not the right price or the seller is not willingto sell yet? Or are there not really acquisition opportunities at this time?
Dan Sheldon:  We originally use the term tuck-ins for acquisitions. We usethe definition there of the $30 million to $35 million range. Because of ourstrong cash flows being slightly better than what we anticipated, we haven’tchanged our position on the type of transactions to do. Meaning, the tuck-inphilosophy is something that, it would be in a space that we would be confidentwe would be very good at. It would be executing within our sweet spot oftransaction processing and would be executing in our sweet spot to a clientbase that knows and respects us and will likely consider us for additionalservices. Because of the strong cash flow though, we are willing tolook at a definition of tuck-in beinglarger than the $30 million to $35 million. Let me make this clear though; we arenot going out there specifically looking to do a deal for the sake of doing adeal. It would have to be something that meets what I’ll call a tuck-incriteria, and probably better said, tuck-in means something we would beconfident that we would have the skill set and the ability to execute well on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Congrats on the results as well. Question about securities processing.Relative to our model, the securities business drove nearly all of the upsideand I am pretty surprised by the margins; specifically, the implied incrementalmargin as the profit increased by the amount as the revenue increase. It soundslike volume, incremental margins around the trade volume is very high. Anythingelse that drove that outcome that we should consider? It sounds like contracttermination fees are not in the segment.
Richard Daly:  Let me first comment on the securities processing piece.That business is virtually entirely computer-based, and therefore anyadditional activity that we process in that business will have very highmargins and we’ve experienced this type of contribution from better thanplanned volumes throughout our history.  I’ll let Dan comment, as he did during his update, on someother pieces that impacted us.
Dan Sheldon:  Thanks Rich. Just to be clear on that, you’re absolutelycorrect Tien, that we did not includeany termination or really any kind of one-times in our segment, because wethink that distorts the picture. So those will always be in the other. Nowcoming back to when you are thinking about the Trade Processing, once you getbeyond about 5%, 6% growth, in what we call trade processing, you cover yourfixed costs or any increase to those fix costs in the business. So to that point, anything above that pretty much does fallto our bottom line. And in any given year we can always have what we callconcessions that might run a little bit higher than the prior year, a littlebit less than the prior year. But right now going forward anything that we callthe incremental piece above 5% or 6% should pretty much fall to the bottomline.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  I’m just thinking on a go forward basis, as we model out,obviously we know about the client loss so we assume some kind of growth rateon the organic. It feels like we should be assuming, like you said, somethingcloser to 80%, 90% incremental margin. Am I wrong in thinking that way, interms of aligning incremental revenue growth that just dropped through to thebottom line?
Dan Sheldon:  I’ll just give you an example, say that we’re going to grow10% of the internal growth for the trade volume, so just as an example. That first 5% really is eaten up in what wecall any of our what we’ll call incremental costs or fixed cost like meritincreases, other kinds of expenses like that. Then the remaining really fallsto the bottom line. I still look at it somewhere between a 50% and 75% in anaggregate.
Dan Sheldon:  Once I’ve gotten over my what I call fixed cost piece ofincremental, then it really all drops to the bottom line; so I still put it inthe 50% to 75%, I wouldn’t let it all drop.
Richard Daly:  For those of you on the call who heard us during the roadshow, our early presentations, when I described the securities processingbusiness, I’ve historically said the cost of that first transaction that goesthrough the system is really ugly. The cost of the last transactions goingthrough our systems, it’s difficult to find cost. So it’s a largeinfrastructure, significant systems and infrastructure cost upfront, but very,very, very scalable.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  That is the beauty of scale. Two other quick questions,maybe Dan if you can comment on stock comp going forward? What should we expect?If you could also comment on this pipeline for clearing and outsourcing. How isthat shaping up? Are there any changes in the broader demand environment?Thanks a lot.
Dan Sheldon:  How we think about stock comp. What we’ve really said outthere is that we have an expense rate of about $25 million. The way that wouldincrease over time is it is highly gauged to our stock price, and I think youunderstand what I mean there. So, if our stock price went up or down by 10%that is very much a factor in whether that stock comp would move up or down.It’s not a factor, the $25 million is not impacted by we are going to add morepeople necessarily to it or that we are giving more shares to people.  The derivative that drives that is the value of the stock. Thenyou have to figure out the value of that you have to put through as far as theexpense. Does that help you there?
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Got you. Yes.
Richard Daly:  Tien, I am sorry. Could you repeat the second part of thatquestion?
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  If you can just broadly comment on pipeline for clearing andoutsourcing business, and if there has been any change in the demandenvironment given the economic backdrop?
Richard Daly:  Sure. I didn’t cover this in my comments, so I am gratefulto you to ask the question. I had stated in the past that we were pleased withour pipeline. We absolutely do remain pleased with the pipeline. We have putmore assets into identifying new activity for pipeline as we go forward, and Iam pleased with those efforts as well. So overall that’s why I used the termvery pleased because between the actual results and the pipeline, we arefeeling good right now about where we are with sales.
Operator:  At this time, I am showing that we have no furtherquestions. I will now turn the call back for closing remarks to Mr. Daly.
Richard Daly: Thank you. I want toend by saying that we first of all appreciate your participation. But mostimportantly I want to say that I am feeling good about Broadridge and about ourfuture. I am confident that we are on the right path and we will continue to beleaders in our markets.  Again I want to thank everyone for participating. Dan,Marvin and I look forward to speaking with all of you whether it be throughoutthe next quarter or after next quarter. Thanks again, and choose to have agreat day.
