===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome to our March 31, 2025, first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing, and business mix, growth opportunities, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions this morning are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Let me begin with a few words around the external environment. There is currently a great deal of uncertainty and confusion surrounding our government's approach to trade, it's impacting business and consumer confidence as well as our image broadly. The odds of recession have risen substantially and higher inflation is all but certain, to what degree is an open question. We have competing priorities between our stated trade, economic, and fiscal objectives and coherence of policy has yet to emerge. I hope we can reach agreements on trade, reduce or eliminate tariffs, and reconcile our priorities quickly. Certainty and predictability are jacks to open for confidence, growth and the image of our country as a leader, a reliable partner, and a place to do business. As you saw from the numbers, we had a good first quarter, considering the significant catastrophe losses we incurred in the California wildfires. In terms of revenue growth, the headline number was impacted by foreign exchange due to a strong dollar, which has since weakened substantially and one-time premium-related items in our North America business. We produced $1.5 billion in core operating income, and it was down 31%, but it was supported by excellent underlying underwriting results, double-digit growth in investment income and strong life insurance income. Total company premiums grew 5.7% in constant dollars. Our published combined ratio was 95.7% with underwriting income of $441 million, a notable result given $1.6 billion of CAT losses. Calendar year underwriting income was supported by a current accident year combined ratio of 82.3%, a nearly 1.5 point improvement from prior year. Excluding CATs, current accident year underwriting income was up 12%. Additionally, we had favorable prior year reserve development of $255 million. On the asset side for the quarter, adjusted net investment income was $1.7 billion, and it was up 12.7%. Our fixed income portfolio yield is 5% and our current new money rate is averaging 5.5%. Tariffs in the federal budget deficit impact interest rates, the yield curve, spreads, asset values, and the dollar in ways that are not good for our country. As a company, we are predominantly buy-and-hold fixed income investors and benefit from higher yields, and as a multinational, our revenue and income benefit from a weaker dollar. In the quarter, our alternative investments produced modestly lower-than-usual private equity distribution related income. It's a combination of simply normal volatility and financial market conditions. Our annualized core operating return on tangible equity in the quarter was 13%. Peter is going to have more to say about the financial items. As you saw in the first quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire Liberty Mutual's Business in Thailand and Vietnam. The two companies offer a range of consumer and commercial P&C products with distribution through 56 branches and 2,600 brokers and agents, both fit well with our own business. The combined operations produced about $275 million in premiums in 2024, over 90% of which is in Thailand. For perspective, Thailand is now over $1 billion in premium revenue for Chubb, non-life and life, and we're among the leading P&C companies in the country once the entities are merged, in fact, we'll be number four. We closed Thailand on April 1st and expect to close Vietnam by early '26. Now turning to growth. Pricing and the rate environment. P&C revenue grew 3.2% in the quarter, 5% in constant dollars, with commercial up 4.6%, consumer up 6%. Adjusting for the one-time items in North America, P&C premium revenue grew over 6.5% in constant dollar. All regions of the world contributed favorably. Premiums in our life insurance division grew over 10%. In terms of the commercial P&C underwriting environment, large account related short-tail business, both admitted and E&S, is growing quite competitive. A lot more capital is chasing the business, prices are softening. We are, of course, disciplined and we're not going to write business below a technically adequate price. On the other hand, middle-market and small commercial property, both admitted retail and non-admitted wholesale or E&S, remain much more disciplined and orderly. Rates, in fact, continue to rise, and we are growing in this area. Casualty continues to firm in all areas that require REIT, retail and E&S, a large account, middle-market, and again, we're growing. Financial lines remain soft. With that as backdrop, I want to give you some more color by division and we'll start with North America, where premiums were up 3.4%. Growth again was impacted by the two one-time items I mentioned, reinstatement premiums related to the California wildfires and personal insurance and larger than usual one-off structured transactions, I think, loss portfolio transfers written last year in our major accounts commercial division. Adjusting for both, North America was up 6.4%, including growth of 10.1% in personal insurance, 5.3% in commercial. Commercial P&C lines were up 6.4% and financial lines were down 1.3%. Looking through those one-time items is a more representative view of our run rate growth for North America commercial P&C. Premiums in our very large middle-market division increased almost 8%, an excellent result. P&C up over 10% and financial lines down about 2%. Premiums in our major account and specialty division declined 1.7% and adjusting for the one-time transactions, they were up 3.1%, 3.6% in P&C and financial lines down 1%. Major in specialty is comprised of E&S business, which was up 10.7% and our major accounts retail business, which was down 1.3%. Overall, commercial pricing for property and casualty, excluding fin lines and comp, was up 8.3% with rates up 6.4% and exposure change of 1.8%. Going a step further, property pricing was up 3.1% with rates down 0.7%, offset by exposure change of 3.8%. For property, pricing was down 9.6% in large account business, both admitted and E&S and up 10.2% in middle and small, again, both admitted and E&S. Casualty pricing in North America was up 13.4% with rates up 12.6% and exposure up 0.7%. Financial lines pricing was down 3.2% and that's all rate. In comp, primary comp pricing was flat while large account risk management was up 7.5%. In North America Commercial, our selected loss cost trend has declined modestly from 6.8% in '24 to 6.5%, with casualty running 8.9% and property 4.5%. We are mindful of a potential impact tariffs could have on short-tail lines of business and are watching closely. On the consumer side of North America, our high net-worth personal lines business had another very strong quarter with premium growth of 10.1% adjusted for the reinstatement premiums. New business growth was almost 20%. Premiums in our upper high net-worth segments grew over 16%. Homeowners' pricing was up 12.5% in the quarter and ahead of loss costs, which are running 8.7%. Turning to our international general insurance operations. Premiums were up 1.8% or 6.5% in constant dollar. The dollar was considerably stronger in the first quarter versus a year ago, but substantially declined in value versus major currencies in recent weeks. In the quarter, international commercial lines grew about 7.5%. Consumer was up 5%. From a region of the world perspective, Asia and Latin America, both grew 6.1%, while Europe grew 5.5%, including growth of 6% on the continent, while premiums in our London wholesale business were up nearly 8%. In our international retail commercial business, P&C pricing was up 2.6% and financial lines pricing was down 5.5%. Loss cost trends in international retail were in fact down 80 basis points from '24, 5.8% to 5%. Our global reinsurance business had a strong quarter with premium growth of 14%. In our international life insurance business, which is fundamentally Asia, premiums and deposits were up 15.5% in constant dollar. And in combined insurance company, our US worksite business grew 18.6%. Our life division produced over $290 million of pre-tax income in the quarter, up 15.7% in constant dollar. In summary, we are in the risk business, volatility is a feature, while we are impacted by the wildfires, our underlying fundamentals are excellent. We had a good quarter. And as I observed at the beginning of the year, about 80% of our global P&C business, commercial and consumer, and our life business are very good growth prospects. In fact, when you listen, as I read to you and described going across divisions, the growth rate of the various businesses, FX aside, I think that speaks to the broad nature and the 80% I'm talking about. There is a lot of opportunity and I'm mindful that the external environment has become more uncertain. I have confidence in what we can control. In that regard, in our ability to continue growing operating and earnings and EPS at a double-digit rate. That's an FX notwithstanding. I'm going to turn the call over to Peter and then we're going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Good morning. Our strong first quarter results were supported by exceptional balance sheet strength and liquidity. Book value now stands at $65.7 billion and reached an all-time high of $164 on a per share basis and total invested assets were $152.3 billion. The quarter produced adjusted operating cash flow of $2 billion, including approximately $600 million of net loss payments for California wildfires. In the quarter, we returned $751 million of capital to shareholders, including $385 million in share repurchases and $366 million in dividends. The average share price on our repurchases for the quarter was $286.18. Book value for the quarter was favorably impacted by unrealized mark-to-market gains on our high-quality fixed-income portfolio due to declining interest rates. Book and tangible book value per share, excluding AOCI, grew 0.9% and 1.6%, respectively for the quarter. As you know, rates have since backed up. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter was 13%, while our core operating ROE for the quarter was 8.6%. The quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $1.64 billion. Excluding the California wildfires, the approximately $170 million balance was principally weather-related, split 74% US and 26% internationally. Prior period development in the quarter in our active companies was a favorable $268 million pre-tax with favorable development of $313 million in short-tail lines, a mix of commercial and consumer, and unfavorable development of $45 million in long-tail commercial lines. Turning to investments, our A-rated portfolio produced adjusted net investment income of $1.67 billion, which was at the lower end of our six month guidance and was negatively impacted by approximately $25 million of lower-than-usual private equity distributions and realizations and $10 million of unfavorable FX movements. The income generated from our public fixed-income, private credit, and strategic holdings portfolios performed in line with expectations. While the direction of financial markets remains uncertain and volatile, we expect second quarter adjusted net investment income to be at the midpoint of our previously guided six month guidance. Our paid to incurred ratio for the quarter was 87% or 86% excluding tax, PPD, and agriculture. Our core effective tax rate was within our previously guided range at 19.1%. We continue to expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 19.5%. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point, we're happy to take the questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Okay. Good morning, everyone. So, Evan, in your comments, I recognize your 80% growth.
Evan Greenberg: Greg, can you start again? You garbled in the beginning. We didn't get it.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Good morning, everyone. Did you hear that okay?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Go ahead.
Gregory Peters: All right. So in your comments, Evan, you talked about the 80% of the business and the growth outlook. The tariffs are an issue, potential for increasing inflationary pressures. You called out the risk of recession, and frankly, it feels like there's increasing price competition in many lines of property, casualty insurance, both in North America and globally. So with all of that, how are you thinking about the growth strategy for the company, both inside and outside the US?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. There's no change to our strategy. Our strategy is enduring. We see growth opportunities that sometimes you get more joy for the pleasure depending on market conditions, sometimes you get less. That doesn't change the opportunities. And I think as I just went through for you, it's very, it's steady with, and I'll put a point on it from what we talked about at year end, we talked about at investor dinners, my shareholder letter speaks to middle-market and small business globally for us growth opportunities. It varies, that's a big space, and we have our own unique strategies to pursue that opportunity. And it is a global opportunity again. E&S and the US, which again, frankly is a theme of small commercial and middle-market commercial, our personal lines business in the US, our consumer business overseas, and then, of course, there are areas of large account business that continue to show good growth opportunity right now to us and some of that is more tactical and some of it is more strategic. Yes, property is growing and everything I've had to say is contemplating the underwriting environment as we see it, which is not, with directionally not a surprise to us, and we've been talking about it, property growing more competitive in large account, whether it's E&S or embedded. Middle-market, property and small remains more disciplined that way. And casualty businesses responding to loss cost environment. And then you add all -- to all of it the things we've been doing to improve job, in terms of our presence geographically, in terms of how we approach segments of business in terms of industries that we have an expertise or focus on, think of Climate+ right now, think of lines of business like cyber. And then you think of our technology and what we've done that way in our use of data that allows us to access more customers depending on geography and to partner with different forms of distribution to reach customer segments, whether it's middle-market in Asia or it's automobile in Mexico, or frankly, it's pet insurance in the United States. And I could go on. Thank you for the question.
Gregory Peters: Thank you for the details. I have a follow-up. I was going to go in one direction, but then you brought up technology and for us on the outside, when we ask you about technology, we'll get a couple of sentence answer, but it's really hard for us to figure out what's really going on and what's sort of maintenance technology spend versus what's game changing. In your annual report, you put a technology sort of theme on the cover. So maybe you can spend a minute and give us some additional commentary on the technology piece as part of your first answer.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I understand you're at a place, where you make the comment, it's hard for you guys to figure out what's going on. I got it and we have no intention of being more transparent than we are. I said before, we spend over $1 billion, it's about $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion on technology. Roughly half is maintenance and managing what we got 50%, 55% of it and the balance is development of all kinds, whether it's legacy, more what you think of as legacy modernized to provide straight through processing, whether it is technology around the use of data, to improve analytics, to improve our AI capabilities, to supplement what humans do or replace what humans do or improve our insight, whether it's technology that allows us to connect to both customer and distribution partners in an efficient way, whether it's technology and how it's used that speeds up our cycle times of change. We're just far up the road in this. And technology helps to maintain what is the best expense ratio in the industry, and over time, even lower than that expense ratio. So thanks a lot, Greg.
Gregory Peters: There was some, actually, some useful information in that answer. So thanks for your time.
Evan Greenberg: There you go. I just kept it at a certain level. I can't give a roadmap to everyone else who would like one from us.
Gregory Peters: Makes sense.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, thanks. Good morning. In regards to the outlook commentary you made, Evan, about continue to expect operating income, EPS to grow at a double-digit rate, and I think you were saying ex-catastrophes and FX, I'm curious if you can kind of give us some flavor of what you think catastrophe inflation is. I guess we can obviously see in our models could CAT losses for you all and others. And I feel like Chubb's CAT loss has actually been better-than-expected, but still elevated for the industry. So any sense of kind of how Chubb is thinking about weather loss and inflation and whether you're able to keeping up or not? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Mike, on inflation, I gave you and put out the loss cost trends that's, that we are using, and that is proxy. I can't -- I don't have a crystal ball and I cannot prognosticate where inflation actually goes from here in terms of rate and to which goods and products. Any increase in inflation is fundamentally tariff-related and that's a moving target and a chaotic picture at the moment. And it's the kind of thing that we can stay on top of if we're watching early data around goods and around labor costs have to do with physical property construction, reconstruction, infrastructure, et cetera. So that part we're keeping our eye on, but I gave you some sense of inflation. On FX, we have no idea. It bounces around, its ephemeral, the direction of travel, and if policies continue as a weaker dollar. When it comes to catastrophes, well, you're asking me a crystal ball view. There is a natural volatility. Talk about it all the time, but around CATs, you're never going to hit what you price for exactly, which is what the AALs are, and what you're expected is in a quarter, it's either above it, it's below it. You know it moves around and whether one year is going to be heavier than the year before, which for us was lighter last year and the year before that. Who knows? I think handwringing, I don't do any handwringing about it, and we're not. And we update, which is more important to us, we update our view around CATs by peril on an ongoing basis as data additional data comes in and we have more insight and that allows us to ensure that the way we're pricing for risk and our accumulation appetite around CAT perils by geography are within what we'd imagine and contemplate. That's how we run the business. And volatility quarter-to-quarter that's not our obsession.
Michael Zaremski: Understood. That's helpful. Just switching gears quickly.
Evan Greenberg: By the way, I gave you all that as an answer, but we don't give guidance, so.
Michael Zaremski: I mean, understood, as you know that we tend to look at recent CAT loads and update future CAT loads taking into the new average. So but now switching gears with respect to --
Evan Greenberg: I've never found the kind of consensus, which is an aggregation of different analysts' work. I've never found it, something other than reasonably rational to me. I don't look at point estimates. I look at the trend of it in the relative neighborhood of quantum and I've never found it anything but rational.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Understood. I feel like maybe back in the day, there was a view of your CAT load in the proxy, but I can't remember if that's, that was removed or still there. But I'm just switching gears real quick, I think, much of our incoming from investors is focused on North America commercial social inflation, reserve releases, very strong this quarter, any comments on kind of the environment? I know you gave us the update on what you felt your loss cost inflation was, but any commentary on puts and takes on reserve releases or even the underlying loss ratio, was excellent and improved this quarter? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: No, look, the only thing I will say for those who are obsessed simply about North America, it's a large part of our business, but it's -- it really -- it just -- it misses the story of Chubb and who we are, the global nature of the business outside of the United States is not some gray mass that just is a thing out there. It's 54 countries in vital regions of the world and you look at the growth and you look at the quantum and you look at the contribution and to simply obsess about North America and North America loss costs, I think, actually does investors a disservice, but I leave it to the -- to those to do their job as they think they ought to. On the reserve releases, we review again a cohort of portfolios, a different cohort each quarter, and update our view of development. This quarter is generally a smaller quarter in what we review on both the property and the casualty side of the business. And so there was -- this was just an amalgamation of those various long-tail lines, smaller portfolios, embedded and E&S and property the same, physical lines the same.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Hey, good morning, Evan. First question, I believe your global property CAT reinsurance program renewed on April 1st. Any kind of changes that we should be thinking about there, cost, retentions, et cetera?
Evan Greenberg: No sir.
Brian Meredith: Okay. So fairly similar to what was kind of laid out in the 10-K right now.
Evan Greenberg: Exactly.
Brian Meredith: Perfect. Thank you. And then, Evan, the second question is something I've been getting from some investors. Just curious, how do you think about allocating capital into areas that maybe the kind of political kind of environment right now is a little more contentious or maybe more than a little more contentious in areas like China? How do you think about that right now as far as your capital allocation decisions?
Evan Greenberg: Well, the world is contentious, I have noticed. And our capital allocation, you see that we made acquisition of a modest nature in Southeast Asia. We'll continue leading in that way, I think it's a metaphor for the notion that it's steady as she goes, China-US aside, the balance of the world there's always going to be a certain amount of volatility, there is -- and as a multinational you know that. We're mindful of the increased volatility that is occurring as a result of our, in particular, our administration's approach to foreign policy and trade as it's emerging and that keeps us mindful. But and we'll be thoughtful, we'll be prudent, but our strategy is our strategy. We're not short-term investors. We're long-term investors, but we invest in a country that's permanent and we participate in the economic and social development in those countries and that is whether it is the United States or it is Thailand, we are participants in that and where we -- and some have more volatility than others do. In a word, it's steady as it goes for us. When it comes to China, which I think is on people's minds in particular, we're not actually investing any additional capital and have been spending for a bit of time. And I don't foresee additional capital investment in China, our exposure is our exposure.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: And by the way the money doesn't burn a hole in our pocket. How are we allocating capital? We're allocating it for growth in our business where it occurs. We're allocating capital for investments. And right now we're earning 5.5% north of that in our investment portfolio. That seems like a pretty darn good bet to me, and I'll put as much as I can into that.
Brian Meredith: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Good morning. Just a question, it definitely sounds like a tale of two cities on the property side with still the small middle-market remaining healthy, but definitely some areas of competition picking up in large account, E&S. I'm wondering if you can help me think through just your view, Evan, if you think sort of that competition that we're seeing in the large account E&S market is sort of a sign of what's to come in the small and middle-market or is there something structural that's different between those two different markets that we should think about where the pricing in the middle-market and small market is more durable on the property side?
Evan Greenberg: So, David, it's always been structurally different, that's the point, large account business is brokerage driven, you don't need a lot of physical presence. You need not a lot of capability as a company, you need capacity. You need some underwriters and you can participate in the capacity play of large account business. Welcome to a lot of E&S, welcome to London open market, welcome to large companies, companies that engage in large account business and have just a few urban locations to do it out. Now, being the lead on those accounts, issuing the paper, managing the claims, doing the engineering, well that starts to separate it and how you participate. But think about shared and layered large account business. It's a capacity play for most of it up and down the chain. So you come and you put a blind down. Middle-market, small commercial insurance is widely distributed thousands of producers and agents, small average premiums. They typically don't buy one line from you, they buy multiple lines from you. You've got to have presence. You've got to have a lot of capability to support the development of that kind of business. Yes, on the fringes, there are ends of it. It get boxed up by a few brokers and they bring it in a facilitized way. But the vast majority of the market is now you're talking about broad geographic reach, local reach, local capability, multiline, claims capability, engineering capability in a broadly distributed way. David, welcome back to thematic. Welcome. I should take this.
David Motemaden: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Evan Greenberg: Did I leave you?
David Motemaden: No. I appreciate that. I guess my mental model, I've always thought large account more cyclical sort of leads the middle-market by a year
Evan Greenberg: But that's right. That's why.
David Motemaden: Yes. Okay.
Evan Greenberg: You asked the question structural. It was a good word. So I focused on the word structural.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, within the overseas general business, I noticed the Europe growth ticked up a little bit, probably too early to see any signs of any sort of fiscal spend over there resulting in an uptick in growth, but I'm wondering how you're thinking about that and having that exposure, how that positions you relative to the US market given all the headwinds that you sort of called out?
Evan Greenberg: Are you thinking economic outlook for those regions?
David Motemaden: Yes. And economic -- with like the fiscal spending and what that might do to sort of boost growth over there relative to some of the potential weakness that might be coming in the US.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We have the pleasure in the United States and we ought to really cherish it of being the reserve currency of the world, which gives us a borrowing capability. It certainly doesn't give any other region or country of the world and let's be careful how we abuse that or we won't have that privilege. Others are more constrained in their ability to use fiscal stimulus. Europe, there'll be more fiscal stimulus. It'll be both in the security end and maybe in certain industries as the Europeans are determined to stand on their own two feet, be more independent a bit, and the key is Germany, and they're unlocking the door to much more fiscal, which will support economic growth. All over the world, the theme in our mind is that whatever we thought economic growth was going to be six months ago, to state the obvious, that number has come down. What it will actually be, we don't know, and it will vary by region. Asia will be impacted. Consumers in Asia will be impacted. Export and domestic industries will be impacted. How much is a question mark because the fact that is not clear to us yet. But for Chubb, it will be steady as it goes. It means that growth could be better, growth could be a little worse, don't know, and all that we had in mind when I said I am confident and remain confident in our ability to grow earnings and EPS at a double-digit rate and our thinking about what could be volatility around growth notwithstanding that won't have a significant impact on it at this time. Am I making sense to you?
David Motemaden: Yes. No, it makes sense. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much and good morning. Evan, I was hoping you could take us maybe a level deeper in the judgment behind lowering loss trends in the quarter.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going any deeper. I'm not going to put out more numbers than I just gave you. I think it stands on its own in its informative, Meyer. What can I help you with? What would you like to know?
Meyer Shields: So I guess the question that I'm seeing a lot is that the outside that social inflation is running rampant and is a risk of tariffs, which all else equal, I guess would argue for a higher assumed loss trend rather than coming down a little.
Evan Greenberg: When you measure it up against where we were, casualty, we're talking by the way, it's all the right side of the dust off. So let's start with that. And on the casualty side, given the blend of business, the loss cost on trend in aggregate and long tail is up modestly, 10s of basis points. And on the physical side, given the mix of business and what we see, it's down 10s of points, I want to say from memory, 0.3% approximately. So we're not talking much. And on the physical side, look, I know what our PEGs contemplate for loss cost. We're mindful of tariff and we will see as we go forward. At the moment, we set our PEGs conservatively, and therefore, we don't see a need to adjust trend.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for. Second unrelated question, I guess one potential impact of tariffs is that there's less demand for crops, and thinking of soybeans going to China. What can you do with, say, North American agriculture to ameliorate that impact on this year's underwriting results?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, right now, if I understand your question, when I look at the -- we look at the major crops, so let's take corn and soybean, that's the majority of it. We priced our contracts. We priced the contracts, the government formula sets it in February and you have a certain going in crop price insurance contracts. As you know, it's yield and price that are the exposure. And right now, actually, corn and soybeans are within a few percentage points of the February pricing. There hadn't been much change. Beyond that, which I won't go into any detail on because it's proprietary, you know, that like reinsurance, we use hedging to protect a certain degree of volatility, and let's just say, we're mindful of that tool and we know how to employ them and do it.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you so much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hey, good morning. First one I had for you is on casualty. Just seeing the rate continue to accelerate, loss trend also up a little bit. Is the price adequacy getting to the point where that's becoming a more interesting opportunity? I'd just be interested in your high-level thoughts on sort of the direction of that and how much more is needed before be more interested in that is a big opportunity?
Evan Greenberg: I'll repeat what I said, the casualty is getting rate where it needs to get rate, and whether it is large account or it's in the middle-market, we are growing our casualty exposure, and I'm going to leave it at that.
Alex Scott: Okay. The second one I have for you is on the reinsurance market. I know it's not a huge business for you and you don't necessarily lean in or lean out the way that some do. But I just wanted to understand how you're viewing that business, particularly headed into sort of this renewal period and increased capacity that we're seeing in property more broadly. What would you expect out of that market? And is that still price adequate enough to be something you want to be involved in?
Evan Greenberg: As a buyer of reinsurance, steady as she goes, and as a seller of reinsurance, you see that we have grown this quarter, it's more property than casualty related, though we see opportunities in both.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to circle back to the tariffs. Evan, you mentioned being mindful of the impact tariffs could have on short-tail lines and it's clearly a moving target. Do you have any early sense of the magnitude of the loss trend impact? And I was also curious on how you're able to incorporate a moving target like that into your pricing strategy today or is that still wait and see?
Evan Greenberg: So you want to underwrite with facts and you don't want to anticipate with conjecture, unless you have clarity around your conjecture, being a, if you have 70% or 80% certainty as an example, then we would take a certain period. There is no clarity at the moment. It is a moving target, the administration has an objective to reach trade agreements over 90 days with a large number of countries. And what will that mean in terms of tariffs go forward? It's unclear. I have a stated objective just voiced to have negotiations with China, knowing China, knowing the complexity of our trade relationship that will be a protracted discussion that would not be marked. Demand, if tariffs remain high will be impacted. How will that impact inflation? There's uncertainty around all of that. Now let's get to some math. When I think about property insurance today and I think about the current accident year, this year, keep in mind, loss ratio develops on an earned basis. So a lot of it has already been written, it's already being earned, it's already in the can. There you go. As you go forward on a written basis, and as months go along, if we see a change in inflation, the markers that will in fact change inflation, we will adjust our pricing in that cohort. Go one step further, imagine on the physical side how much comes from Mexico and Canada, as an example, as inputs. What will happen in terms of tariffs in North America and in terms of USMCA negotiations? So on the claim side, all of this is on our minds as we measure the change of price of goods and of labor. And all of it is on our minds as we watch negotiations that will ultimately lead to a more steady and clear environment around what will tariff levels actually be and apply to what goods and then there's a lag on it.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you for all those details. If I could ask a follow-up, I wanted to get a sense of your view of E&S market growth for Chubb? We've talked about more competition in E&S property, but there's also, it seems like some secular tailwinds for the E&S market, would you expect Chubb to kind of continue to grow more in the E&S market versus admitted going forward?
Evan Greenberg: I just gave commentary that said, we grew E&S at 10%. I explained the property market, the casualty market, mixed into all of that. Our discipline in underwriting and what we see as opportunity, we grew E&S 10.1%. I also gave a sense of 80% of our business with growth opportunity go forward. So I'm going to leave it at that. Thank you very much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we will be around to take your call. Enjoy the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Chubb Limited fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question at that time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, again press the star, one. Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome to our December 31, 2024 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities, and economic and market conditions which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions this morning are several members of our management team. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Before I begin, I want to take a moment to speak about the terrible tragedy surrounding the California wildfires - the live lost and tremendous loss of property, a major disaster still unfolding. Our job and the role we play in society is to support our policyholders. Our colleagues have been on the ground, supported by Chubb colleagues throughout the U.S., endeavoring to assist those clients who have lost property, been displaced from their homes and businesses, and had their lives severely disrupted. While it doesn’t erase the enormous difficulty they have and will continue to experience, we’re doing all we can in small and big ways to ease their burden. Our thoughts are with those who have suffered, and our gratitude goes to those firefighters and emergency workers who serve tirelessly. From a financial perspective, our current estimate of the cost of supporting our customers and helping them recover and rebuild from their catastrophe is $1.5 billion net pre-tax and is a first quarter 2025 event. Now turning to our results for the fourth quarter ’24, which you have all seen, we had a great quarter which contributed to an outstanding year; in fact, the best in our company’s history. For the quarter, record P&C underwriting income with a world-class combined ratio of 85.7, together with another quarter of record investment income led to core operating income of $2.5 billion. Operating earnings were up 9.4% on a pre-tax basis or 10.5% per share, though after tax they were distorted by the one-time tax benefit we received last year. Looking through that, operating income was up over 7.5% after tax. Global P&C premium revenue, which excludes agriculture, grew 6.7% in the quarter with good contributions from our P&C businesses globally of North America and overseas general. Premiums in our life insurance division grew 8.5% constant dollars. For the year, we generated operating income of $9.1 billion, up 11.5% adjusted for the one-time tax benefit and 13% on a per-share basis. Looking more broadly, over the past three years core operating income has grown over 65% and is nearly double the amount from pre-COVID 2019. All three major sources of income for our company produced record results last year. P&C underwriting income of $5.9 billion was up over 7% with a published combined ratio of 86.6. Adjusted net investment income grew 19.3% to $6.4 billion, and life insurance income topped $1 billion. For the year, we grew global P&C premiums 9.9% and life premiums 18.5% in constant dollars. Shareholder returns were strong. Our core operating ROE was about 14% and our return on tangible equity was 21.6. Per-share book and tangible book value grew 8.8 and 14.1 respectively. Our results top and bottom line continue to demonstrate the broad and diversified nature of the company and the consistency of contributions from our businesses around the world - North America, Asia, Europe, Latin America, both commercial and consumer. As we look forward to 2025, we have good momentum and are optimistic about the year ahead, both top and bottom line, cat losses and FX notwithstanding. Returning to the quarter, our underwriting performance was outstanding while absorbing a more normal level of cat losses. P&C underwriting income was $1.6 billion and the current accident year combined ratio excluding cats was 82.2%, more than two points better than prior year and also a record result. Our prior year’s reserve development in the quarter and for the year was $213 million and $856 million respectively, and speaks to the strength of reserves and conservative nature of our loss reserving practices. On the asset side, we’re investment managers, our other business, and we had another excellent quarter in terms of performance. Our invested assets now stands at $151 billion, and it will continue to grow. For the quarter, adjusted net investment income was a record $1.7 billion, up 13.7%. Our fixed income portfolio yield is 5% versus 4.8% a year ago, and our current new money rate is averaging 5.6%. Peter will have more to say about financial items. Turning to growth, pricing and the rate environment, again global P&C premiums increased 6.7% in the quarter, with commercial up 6.4% and consumer up 7.5%. All regions of the world contributed favorably. Life premiums grew 8.5%. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, market trends or themes were consistent with those of the previous quarter. Property has grown more competitive and large account shared and layered at E&S while pricing was favorable. Casualty is stable or firming, depending on the class, and overall pricing is ahead of loss cost tracking. Financial lines, particularly D&O and employment practices liability is where more competition is reaching for market share at the expense of current accident year underwriting margins. Overall, market conditions are favorable and we see good growth opportunity for over 80% of our global P&C business, commercial and consumer, as well as for our life business. North America and overseas general, Asia, Europe and Latin America, each with many areas of favorable growth opportunity. Our middle market and small commercial businesses globally, our U.S. E&S business, our U.S. high net worth business, global A&H and life, international personal lines, our digital business and specialty businesses such as our growing climate plus business. Now turning to the quarter, let me give you some more color by division. Beginning with North America, premiums excluding agriculture were up 6.3% and consisted of 10% growth in personal insurance and 5.1% growth in commercial, with P&C lines up 7.2% and financial lines down 2.9%. We had another strong quarter for new business, up over 22% versus prior year, and our renewal retention on a policy count basis was 90.4%. These again speak to the reasonably disciplined tone of the market and our excellent operating performance. Premiums in our major account and specialty division increased 4.6% with P&C up 5.8% and financial lines down 1.7%. Within major and specialty, our Westchester E&S business grew 8%. Premiums at our middle market division increased 6.2% with P&C up 10% and financial lines down 5%. Pricing for property and casualty excluding financial lines and comp was up 9.9% with rates up 8.2% and exposure change of 1.6%. Financial lines pricing was down 3.3% with rates down 3.6%. In workers comp, which includes both primary comp and large account risk management, pricing was up 4.7% with rates up 2.5% and exposure up 2.1%. Breaking down P&C pricing further, property pricing was up 6.9% with rates up 3.5% and exposure change of 3.3%. Casualty pricing in North America was up 12.7% with rates up 11.8% and exposure up 0.8%. Loss costs in North America remained stable - no change and in line with what we contemplate in our loss PICs. Our North America commercial lines business ran an amazing 83.9% published combined ratio for the year - again, an amazing result. In agriculture, where we are the market leader, our crop underwriting results this quarter were excellent, and we finished the year with $354 million in underwriting profit. Premiums were down from prior year due to lower commodity prices and the formulas for risk sharing with the government. On the consumer side of North America, our high net worth personal lines business had another outstanding quarter with premium growth of 10%, including new business growth of 34%. Premiums in our true high net worth segments, a group that seeks our brand for the differentiated coverage and service we are known for, grew 17.6%. Our home owners pricing was up over 12% in the quarter and ahead of loss cost trends, which remained steady. For the year, we ran an outstanding 83.6% combined ratio in our high net worth personal lines business. Turning to our international general insurance operations, premiums in the quarter for our retail business were up 7.7% with commercial lines up 10.3% and consumer up 4.7%. From a region of the world perspective, Asia Pac led the way with premiums up 12.2%. Europe grew 8.2%, including growth of 12% on the continent. Latin America grew just 2.5% and was impacted by foreign exchange. If you adjust for that, Latin America was up 11.5% in constant dollars. In our international retail commercial business, P&C pricing was up 3.7% and financial lines pricing was down more than 6%. Premiums in our London wholesale business were essentially flat. They were up 1.1% with prices down 4% as the London market continued to grow more competitive. For the year, our overseas general business ran an excellent 86.4 combined ratio. Our global reinsurance business had a strong quarter with premium growth of about 20% and finished the year with premiums up 32% and a combined ratio of 85.9, reflecting a more disciplined reinsurance market, both property and pockets of casualty. In our international life business, which is fundamentally Asia, premiums and deposits were up over 26% in constant dollar. In combined insurance company, our U.S. worksite business grew 17.8%. Our life division finished the year with pre-tax income of $1.1 billion, which was ahead of what we originally projected for the year. We have good momentum in our life business, which continues to build. In summary, we had a great quarter and a great year. While we’re in the risk business and there’s plenty of uncertainty in the world, we’re confident that our ability to continue growing operating earnings and EPS at a double-digit rate, cats and FX notwithstanding. Our earnings growth will come from three sources: P&C underwriting, investment income, and life income. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Enns: Thank you Evan, and good morning. As you just heard, we concluded the year with another strong quarter, contributing to record full-year results across our three primary sources of earnings. Our balance sheet finished the year in an exceptionally strong position with book value of $64 billion and total invested assets of $151 billion. The quarter and full year produced adjusted operating cash flow of $4.2 billion and a record $15.9 billion respectively. It’s also worth noting that during the quarter, AM Best affirmed our company’s rating and stable outlook, and in January S&P affirmed our rating and stable outlook. During the quarter, we returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders, including $725 million in share repurchases and $367 million in dividends. We returned $3.5 billion in total for the year, including $2 billion in share repurchases and $1.5 billion in dividends, which represented approximately 38% of our full year core operating earnings. The average share price on repurchases for the year was $269.23. Book value for the quarter and the year was adversely impacted by unrealized mark to market losses on our high quality fixed income portfolio due to interest rate changes, which we expect to amortize back to par over time, as well as foreign exchange losses. Book and tangible book value per share excluding AOCI grew 2.9% and 4.3% respectively for the quarter, and 10.8% and 15.4% respectively for the year. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter and year was 22% and 21.6% respectively, while our core operating ROE for the quarter and year was 14.3% and 13.9%. Turning to investments, our A-rated portfolio, which now has an average book yield of 5%, produced adjusted net investment income of $1.69 billion, which included approximately $25 million of higher than normal income from private equity. We expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to have a run rate between $1.67 billion and $1.75 billion over the next six months. Regarding underwriting results, the quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $607 million, of which $309 million was from Hurricane Milton and $140 million from Hurricane Helene. The remaining balance was principally from weather related events split 31% in the U.S. and 69% international. Prior period development in the quarter in our active companies was a favorable $352 million pre-tax with favorable development split 17% in long tail lines, primarily from general casualty, and 83% in short tail lines, primarily from property and agriculture. Our corporate runoff portfolio had adverse development of $139 million, primarily asbestos related. Our paid to incurred ratio for the year was 83%. Our core effective tax rate was 18.2% for the quarter and 17.5% for the year, which are below our previously guided range due to shifts in mix of income. We expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for 2025 to be in the range of 19% to 19.5%, including the transition cash tax benefit provided on the adoption of the new Bermuda income tax. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thank you. A couple questions here for me. Evan, I’m wondering if you can dig into a little bit the Cal fire loss estimate that you’ve given out there. Does it include assessments, subrogation, kind of ground up? Maybe give us a little context on how we should be thinking about the $1.5 billion number.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, it’s a ground-up number. It’s our own losses. We don’t go off of what we imagine as a total industry wildfire loss and a market share - this is our number that our adjusters on the ground have been able to estimate property by property. It does include an assessment for--our projection of an assessment from the fair [ph] plan, and we don’t take credit in ours for subrogation.
Brian Meredith: That’s helpful, thank you. Then my second question, Evan, I’m just curious, looking at 2025, still getting some solid growth in commercial lines, call it mid to high single digit organic growth here in premium. But if you think of 2025, is that kind of a good number to target organically, and then is this kind of the period that we’re looking at, that maybe you should start looking a little bit more at inorganic growth opportunities?
Evan Greenberg: I love you, Brian. Yes, you know, I don’t give--we don’t give guidance on forward-looking, but your first statement--you know, your logic sounds pretty decent to me. I didn’t say it, you said it. As for inorganic growth, money is not burning a hole in our pocket and, as you know, it’s opportunistic and it’s in support of our organic strategies, and it’s got to be the right thing at the right price. We’re always looking.
Brian Meredith: Great, appreciate it.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden : Hey, good morning. I had a question on the--for Peter and Evan on the favorable long tail reserve development, the 17% of the 350 or so on the active companies. It sounds like that was driven by general casualty. That’s a bit of a change versus what you guys have experienced over the last several quarters, so I’m wondering if you could elaborate on the favorable development that you’re seeing there, because that’s quite different than what you and others have been reporting, and any clarity on what sort of accident year it’s coming from too would be helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I’m going to correct your mental model to begin with. Our casualty, we study different portfolios of casualty each quarter. Some casualty portfolios, we have taken reserve strengthening, some portfolios we’ve taken no action, some portfolios we’ve had reserve releases, and there has not been a consistency per quarter except the consistency is the portfolios is we study each quarter, and so a cohort of casualty we studied this quarter had favorable development given the reserve strength in that portfolio.
David Motemaden: Got it, helpful. Thank you for that. Then maybe--you know, obviously strong results in North America commercial, that included a little bit of a headwind from the structured transactions too. Could you--of that 40 basis point headwind, could you just help me think about the impact that had on the loss ratio and how we should think about the durability of that loss ratio going forward?
Evan Greenberg: You’re saying on structured transaction, what’s its impact in the quarter on loss ratio?
David Motemaden: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: Structured transactions typically run off favorable. Now, we don’t break down the pieces and going to give you each--you know, the component of that exactly, but they--what you should know is they run a higher loss ratio than the average portfolio does.
David Motemaden: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: David, does that help you?
David Motemaden: Yes, yes, that does help. I mean, I guess you guys had given the 40 basis points just on the total combined ratio. I guess I can just use that, sort of as a placeholder for what sort of impact that may have had on the--maybe a little bit bigger on the loss ratio, maybe [indiscernible].
Evan Greenberg: We don’t have it at hand, but it’s probably--you know, it’s in the range, okay?
David Motemaden: Got it, understood. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: It’s a fucking basis point, so it’s easy for me to tell you you’re in the range. I mean, it could be 10 basis points up or do, but we’ll take it offline with you and help you.
David Motemaden: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Well, good morning everyone. Evan, in response to Brian’s question, you said you love him. I don’t recall you ever saying you love a sell-side analyst, so the new year’s definitely starting off good for us!
Evan Greenberg: Don’t mess it up, Greg!
Greg Peters: All right. I’m sure I can. Anyway, in your press release, you say you’re growing operating earnings and EPS at a double-digit rate. You talk about the three buckets - PC, investment income and life insurance, so maybe you can, from a big picture perspective, unpack life insurance and talk about where you see the growth coming next year--or this year, I should say, ’25, and how it might compare with how the growth came out for ’24.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, you know, there was a lot of consolidation impact on the life income in the ’23 year and a little bit of noise in ’24. There was one-time stuff in ’23, so to look through the underlying growth rate of that, it produced a really solid double-digit growth rate in income. When I looked through it, it was in that 12% to 14% range. When I look forward, I see that continuing and even strengthening. We have good momentum, and it’s obviously Asia, and it’s both north Asia and it’s Southeast Asia. Our business in Korea, while the revenue growth is not overly exciting, the margin of that business continues to expand and our overall income is growing. It’s a ballast of the business. It’s supported by then faster--countries that are growing much more quickly - Hong Kong, Taiwan, China now growing more quickly for us, and each of those producing improved margin and therefore faster income growth. Southeast Asia, with Vietnam and Thailand, they had slower growth this past year, and they’re accelerating as we go forward. Finally, we have two other businesses in Indonesia and in New Zealand that are good businesses, picking up momentum. It’s in direct response marketing, it’s in agency, and over 60% of the business, about 70% of it is really accident and health and risk-based type products, and the rest is very conservatively structured savings-related products, because people in Asia, you have two themes, you have an aging population in the north that requires a certain kind of savings and health-related product, and then you have people in Southeast Asia, where it’s a younger population, family oriented, there are no social safety nets, and so they rely on these kinds of products much more than they do in other parts of the world. I’ll remind you, unlike many regions of the world, these parts of Asia are growing, particularly Southeast Asia. The economic growth is multiples of what we’re seeing in the West, and that just means a rising middle class.
Greg Peters: Thanks for the perspective and detail. I guess pivoting to the other bucket, which is PC, it seems like the broader market is producing some pretty good results relative to longer term averages, and we’re hearing about increased competition across a broader set of lines of business, even you, in your comments, talked about financial lines, so maybe you could spend a minute and give us some perspective on how you think where we are in the cycle and how Chubb is going to be positioned to come out of it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it goes to my comment, about 80% of the business growth, and where you therefore see the pockets of competition. As a backdrop and in the way you think about cycles--and I’ve been thinking about this for a while, we’re in a more inflationary period in the insurance industry, and it’s a prolonged one, than we have seen in a very long time. We went through decades of really relatively low inflation, on the short tail class side virtually pretty flat, and on the long tail side, there’s always been pockets but it was running at a lower level. We’re in a period of sustained inflation, so to just stay in place, rates have to move. It doesn’t mean margins improve if they just keep pace with loss costs, so a certain amount of industry growth is just to reflect inflation. The competition, it’s increasing in shared and large account business, so first large account will grow more slowly because you have a couple of lines of business where competition increases - property, shared and layered property, but it’s well priced and it doesn’t mean that there’s a decrease in margin. It means that to retain business, you become a bit more competitive, it’s harder to grow. More want that business, so you’re not going to see growth but you’re going to see good results from all we’re imagining as we go forward. E&S property, same thing. Financial lines in large account, same thing; and then primary casualty is not a real growth business, but it’s a ballast that supports growth of many other lines for large account, so large account, not so much. In middle market and small commercial, growth opportunity, and it’s a growth opportunity across many segments. By the way, there’s certain secular change taking place in that business, and by the way, it’s not simply in the United States, it’s global; and then the consumer lines business from high net worth to personal lines outside the United States to our accident and health businesses, particularly with middle class in Asia and in Latin America on both the life side and the non-life side, when I add it all up--anyway. Does that give you a sense?
Greg Peters: Yes, it does. What did you mean by the secular change comment?
Evan Greenberg: When you--particularly in middle market in the United States, I’ll take that as an example, with all of the change in climate and cat activity, and with the change in the legal environment around the trial bar and social inflation, regional and mutuals have a harder time. They’re not equipped with the data, with the balance sheet, with the depth of business in reinsurance relationships to be able to--and with the technology to be able to compete the same way. That over time is shifting market share, and it advantages a few larger players.
Greg Peters: That makes sense. Thanks for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thank you. Good morning. First, I was hoping you could walk us through any changes to your reinsurance purchasing at January 1.
Evan Greenberg: None.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s pretty easy. The second, I don’t know if this is significant, but--
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I would have done--it did nothing [indiscernible].
Meyer Shields: That’s fine, makes [indiscernible] there. There was a little bit of an uptick in administrative expenses in North America commercial, and I was hoping you could walk us through that. I don’t know if it’s incentive compensation or something else.
Evan Greenberg: A little uptick in what in North America?
Meyer Shields: The admin expenses.
Evan Greenberg: No, it’s just--oh my God, it’s 0.1%. It’s just noise.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Meyer--
Meyer Shields: I’m sorry, go ahead?
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible]
Meyer Shields: Yes, I was looking for dollars, not the percentage.
Evan Greenberg: No, it’s just--it’s just--no, nothing. It’s just variability in the quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Evan Greenberg: There’s not a trend in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, morning. First is a follow-up to your insights about the secular change in the U.S. middle market space. If I think through your comments in the past, Evan, you’ve said that Chubb has aspirations to move more down market, and your definition of mid market or small market might be also different than some of the peers. But just curious if you’re painting a picture that Chubb’s competitive advantages are growing versus some of its peers, would you still have aspirations to do kind of inorganic things in the small midmarket space in the U.S., or less so as time goes on?
Evan Greenberg: Our focus is on organic SME - small and middle market, and it’s organic. That is our focus and has been our focus. Anything that’s inorganic is simply opportunistic, and that’s not our focus. It’s opportunistic.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, and lastly switching gears, on the investment portfolio, there’s been a bit of an increase in equities over the last couple quarters - we’re up to about $9 billion. Anything changing there in terms of over the next year, you expect to see a different mix shift in the investment portfolio? Thanks.
Peter Enns: Mike, it’s Peter. First off, that specific $5 billion shift relates to us actually moving about $5 million of investment-grade corporates into a fund for, call it investment efficiency purposes between different entities. The underlying is still investment-grade fixed income, but because of GAAP, we have to show it as equity, so there’s no underlying change in that. In terms of the going forward, we’ve spoken about our strategy--you’ll see it in the investor presentation, there will be a change in investment allocation, slight change which we put out there in that investor deck.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you, good morning. Evan, in casualty lines, you mentioned the 12% rate increase for North America - that sounds really solid. But in reinsurance, you said there were pockets of strength, and I’m hearing overall in reinsurance casualty, there’s a lot of softness going on. One, why the disconnect; and two, what are those pockets of weakness in casualty reinsurance?
Evan Greenberg: No, I said there’s pockets of opportunity in reinsurance casualty. You have to be very select, and I’m not going to go into more detail than that; but let’s be clear, we have not been significant, by any means, reinsurance casualty writers, and in fact we shrank and shrank and shrank over quite a number of years because we didn’t see the market producing an underwriting profit. We see select--you know, the market is stressed in reinsurance casualty, and we see--you know, we see selective pockets. I’m not going to overstate it.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: Relative to travel, it’s not big money.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it, got it. Then with regard to the financial lines--
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible] it’s opportunistic trades [indiscernible].
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Then with regard to financial lines, it looks like that’s the area where you’re seeing premiums decline across the board. It’s been about three years now of continuous decline, particularly in public D&O. What is it that players like about it, that they continue to go after it and you just don’t think it’s good business at this point?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we love the business. It’s the pricing.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: You know, look - during the pandemic, there was a significant drop-off in securities class actions and in other forms of loss - let’s call it employment practices liability during the financial crisis, so those years are producing favorable results. The head fake around it, which is why I used the words, current accident year, is in terms of loss, the number of securities class actions, the frequency of loss is reverting back to the mean. In some areas, like employment practices, in fact frequency of loss is increasing pretty quickly. Severity of loss continues to trend, and so I think what they don’t see or they ignore is what’s coming about current accident year margins and pressure. We know this. We have a big book of this business, and Chubb is a leader in this business across classes, and so we--we’re patient. We know how to ebb and flow in a period, so it’s--you know, it’s not something you like looking at, but on the other hand we’ve got plenty of other tables to play.
Andrew Kligerman: Makes a lot of sense, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hey, good morning. First one I had for you all is on sort of the fallout from what we’re going to see in California from the wildfires, and I guess specifically, what will your approach be to the market going forward? Will you have to make any changes in the way you approach that market, and just interested in any thoughts you have on what needs to be done to sort of stabilize the insurance market there.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, thank you for that question. Look - California is a difficult market for insurance companies, and it has only become more difficult over time. The state along with the pressure it receives from consumer advocacy groups suppresses the ability to charge a fair price for the risk and tailored coverages to improve availability and affordability of insurance for the citizens of the state. Insurers are unable to generate a reasonable risk-adjusted return commensurate with the risk of ensuring natural perils such as wildfire and the cost in California associated with reconstruction following a disaster. This suppression of pricing signals, which are rising, encourages more risk taking by individuals and businesses as to where they choose to live or work, and it encourages less risk management or loss mitigation activity, and they’re part as well by federal and state and local governments, who all have a hand in loss mitigation activity that actually is occurring, or not occurring. In a word, economics incent behaviors, and California is impacting those economic signals. As insurers have reduced their exposures in the state, the state has offered more under-priced coverage through its own insurer of last resort. Frankly, it’s an unsustainable model, and one way or the other, the citizens of the state pay the price for coverage. California is not alone in this regard, but it certainly stands out. We’ve been shrinking our exposure in California for some time; for example, in the area where the wildfires occurred, our exposure has been reduced by over 50%. We’re not going to write insurance where we cannot achieve a reasonable risk-adjusted return for taking the risk.
Alex Scott: That’s really helpful. Maybe just a follow-on question to that, would you expect what’s going on in California and sort of the fallout from that to affect property pricing more broadly? I mean, it seems like the world’s becoming a riskier place and certainly price adequacy has seemed pretty good in property and other areas, but will this be enough to change thinking, whether at the primary or reinsurance level, in your view?
Evan Greenberg: You know, it’s too early to tell. I don’t know yet. As the loss, the magnitude of this loss emerges and grows, more of it begins to find its way to reinsurance balance sheets and to other balance sheets, and that’s going to be the question, is what is the ultimate size of the loss and where does it end up? That will give us--that will determine whether it has a broader impact on overall property pricing, which in my judgment overall is adequate. This is a reminder of why the industry needs to maintain pricing adequacy.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, can you guys provide, I guess, what the current excess capital drag on your ROE is?
Evan Greenberg: I’m sorry--?
Peter Enns: The current excess capita ROE drag. Yes, we haven’t disclosed that in a while, Elyse; and again, how we’re thinking about things, consistent with what we talked about in our investor presentation, is looking at our capital as also a source of investment as we gradually and incrementally increase our asset allocation towards alts. That’s just starting, so I’ll say right now, looking at the year behind us, it will be in a range similar to, call it a year ago that we discussed and people backward computed, so. It was in the range of ROE looking backwards of around 2% on ROE and 6% on ROTE.
Elyse Greenspan: That’s helpful. Then my second question, you provided tax guidance, and I think you had said that it considers some transition cash tax benefit from Bermuda. I had also thought that there was some--the potential for some reversals of the DTAs that were set up, so I’m assuming--I think that might not take place this year, but it might be a couple years out. Are you guys just assuming there’s no change in the DTA structure of what was set up a year ago?
Peter Enns: Yes Elyse, from an accounting perspective, it’s based on Bermuda law, and Bermuda law isn’t expected to change. If it changes, we’d have to look at it. OECD came out with some administrative guidance a couple of weeks ago that has to be reviewed and see how it applies. As you may have seen, the new administration has come through with saying they’re not going to participate in the global minimum tax of OECD and are vacating on that basis, so we have a sense of where--we have a very clear sense of where we are for ’25 and ’26, and one thing we know is longer term, it’s very uncertain, particularly with the new administration along with China, India, and some other very large countries not being involved at all as well.
Evan Greenberg: It never involved Swiss law--
Peter Enns: Swiss law, yes.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it’s messy.
Elyse Greenspan: Then on--I’ll throw one in for Evan. You guys have been talking about competition in financial lines for some time, and obviously pulled back there. Do you--what do you think it takes, I guess, for things to get better there? Is there something--are you not expecting conditions, I guess, to change at any point in the near term?
Evan Greenberg: I think there’s some--I think as losses emerge and it re-normalizes, that will be an ameliorating factor.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you, good morning. Evan, at the risk of maybe changing your sentiment around the sell-side analysts here so quickly, I do want to go back to something I asked last quarter with regards to North America commercial premium growth, which was 2% on a gross premium basis. I’m just trying to reconcile that with the pricing environment, which seems to be ahead of that, and the opportunities that you’re seeing and the appetite that you have. Maybe you can walk us through the puts and takes there.
Evan Greenberg: I’m not sure what you--can you be more clear?
Yaron Kinar: Sure. Your premium growth, gross premium growth was 2%. I think the pricing environment in North America P&C, if we take the bits and pieces of pricing that you offered, is north of that. It seems to also be a bit of raw trend--
Evan Greenberg: I think you have to start with net premium growth, not gross premium growth. Net premium growth--
Yaron Kinar: Why would that be?
Evan Greenberg: Well, because net--gross premium growth has too many distortions of transactions that we do, that frankly distort that number, large transactions, where it may be a self-insured program or it’s a structured program, so gross has puts and calls based on the premium flows with our clients. If you get to a middle market business, it’s more steady; but when you have large account and then you have gross line, even in E&S business with a client, that’s what makes a lot of noise and a lot of difference. You’re never going to get there. You have to start at net premium. Now, I could just tell you that, and I’m giving you that as an explanation, not as a--this is nothing to debate.
Yaron Kinar: Fair enough, and if we take the net premium growth, which was 5%, versus roughly 7% pricing?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s a mix of--there’s a mix of business, there is a retention. It doesn’t translate directly, it never does. You start with a retention rate, you then have to add new business, you have to do it line by line and the mix of it, so you’ll hear overall pricing, but now take overall pricing and you have to adjust for the mix of business. When you’re trying to translate to revenue [indiscernible]. If you want, offline we will give you a simple math lesson of that and take you through it.
Yaron Kinar: Great, I’m always--
Evan Greenberg: I don’t mean a lesson in a bad way. We’ll take you through and give you some--you know, maybe another way to help you think about it.
Yaron Kinar: Great, always eager to learn. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you everyone for joining us today, and if you have any follow-up questions still, we’ll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome everyone to our September 30, 2024 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic market conditions which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement which are available on our website@investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings Press release and financial supplements. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions today are several members of our management team and now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you've seen, we had another really great quarter with strong double digit growth in both P&C underwriting and investment income leading to core operating EPS growth of over 15.5%. Global P&C premium revenue, which excludes agriculture, grew 7.6% or 8.5% in constant dollars, which is the clearer way to view intrinsic growth and once again reflected the broad and diversified nature of our company and the opportunities we're capitalizing on around the world with strong contributions from our North America P&C International, P&C and life insurance businesses. Core operating income for the quarter was $2.3 billion, up 14.3%. Earnings for the year are currently at record levels with net and operating income up 16.9% and 13.8% respectively. The three sources of earnings growth, P&C underwriting, investment income and life income each delivered a strong result. Our published combined ratio for the quarter was 87.7% with P&C underwriting income of 1.5 billion up over 11.5% despite an active quarter for the industry globally in terms of natural catastrophes, hurricanes, floods, fires, tornadoes and other severe convective storm activity. On an ex-cat current accident year basis, a secondary measure of underwriting, we produced record underwriting income of $2 billion up 11.5% with a combined ratio of 83.4%. For the year, we have produced record underwriting income on both a published and current accident year basis. As a company in the business of risk, we pride ourselves on being world class underwriters. It's who we are. We're also asset managers with an excellent long-term record of invested asset allocation and risk adjusted returns. Our invested asset now stands at 151 billion and it will continue to grow as a consequence of our basic business of insurance. For the quarter, adjusted net investment income topped 1.6 billion up 15.9%. Our fixed income portfolio yield is 4.9 versus 4.7 a year ago and our current new money rate is averaging 5.5%. In our judgment, given the broad based health of the U.S. economy and the pattern of inflation when one reads past the headlines, the Fed will likely take a reasonably cautious approach to lowering rates. Given the size and continued growth of our federal deficit, which is simply unsustainable, we believe the yield curve will steepen and that too will support our future reinvestment rate. We remain confident in our ability to reinvest our cash flows at rates that will continue to accrete to the overall portfolio yield. Life insurance segment income of $284 million was ahead of plan and while you know it's our policy to generally refrain from guidance, we are well on pace to exceed our life division income target of a billion for the year. Our annualized core operating ROE for the quarter was 13.9% with a return on tangible equity of 21.7. Peter will have more to say about financial items. Turning to growth, pricing and the rate environment, Global P&C net premiums, which excludes agriculture increased 7.6 in the quarter were again 8.5 in constant dollar with commercial premiums up 8.1% and consumer up 9.4%. Again, growth was global and broad based geographically by product and customer segment. North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America all contributed favorably. Life premiums grew 10.6% in constant dollar with growth of 10 in international life and 15 in combined North America. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, market trends were consistent with those of the previous quarter. Overall conditions are favorable in both property which is incrementally more competitive in certain areas and casualty which is incrementally firmer. Loss cost inflation remains steady and within what we have contemplated in our pricing and reserving pricing for both remains ahead of loss costs. Property has become more competitive in the large account and EMS segments while middle market property pricing was in fact up over prior quarter are large in all three segments of the market. Our property book is well priced and terms and conditions remain steady. As with prior quarter casualty is firming in the areas that need rate and we see this trend in casualty enduring. Overall, our casualty rate and price were up over prior quarter. Let me give you a little more color by division. Beginning with North America premiums excluding agriculture were up 7.8% and consisted of 10% growth in personal insurance and 7.2 in commercial with P&C lines up nearly 10% and financial lines down about 5%. We wrote more than $1.2 billion of new business up over 18% versus prior year and our renewal retention rate on a policy count basis is 89.6%. Again, both speak to the reasonably disciplined tone of the market, the power of Chubb and our excellent operating performance. Premiums in our major accounts and specialty division increased 7.2 with P&C up 9.5% and financial lines down over 6%. Within major and specialty, our E&S business grew 11% with strong contributions for both property and casualty related lines. Premium in our middle market division increased just under 7% with P&C up 10.7% and financial lines down 5.7. Again, the underwriting environment in North America is generally favorable and rational. Financial lines aside, pricing for property and casualty excluding financial lines and workers comp was up 9.9% with rates up 8% and exposure change of 1.8 again with both rates and pricing up from second quarter. Financial alliance pricing was down 3.2% with rates down about 3.4%. In workers comp which includes both primary and large account risk management pricing was up 4.2% with rates up 1.4 and exposure up 2.8. Breaking down P&C pricing further, property pricing was up 6.7% with rate of 3.7% and exposure change of 2.9%. Casualty pricing in North America was up 12.7% well in excess of loss costs with rates up 11.9% and exposure 0.7%. Our loss cost in North America again remains stable, no change and in line with what we contemplate in our loss events. In agriculture, where we are the market leader, we gained increased market share and wrote more policies insuring more farmers and fields. Though premiums were down from prior year primarily due to lower commodity prices than last year. Commodity prices are used to price the premiums we charge farmers. Far more importantly, our crop underwriting results this quarter were excellent and from everything we know now, 24 is shaping up to be a very good underwriting year. On the consumer side of North America, our high net worth personal lines business had another outstanding quarter with premium growth of 10% including new business growth exceeding 25%. Premium growth for our true high net worth segments, the group that seeks our brand for the differentiated coverage and service we're known for was 16.8%. Our homeowners pricing was up 13.7% in the quarter and ahead of loss cost trend which remained steady. Turning to our international general insurance operations, it was a decent quarter. Net Premiums were up 4.9% or 7.5% in constant dollars. Our international commercial business grew 6.7% while consumer was up 8.5%. Asia Pacific led the way with premiums up 9.2%. Latin America grew over 7.5% while Europe grew over 7% with the continent of Europe up 8.7%. Premiums in our international retail commercial P&C business were 6.5% in constant dollar. P&C lines were up almost 11% and financial lines were down 10%. It is worth noting adjusting for a one time premium benefit we received in the third quarter of last year underlying growth was over 14% in P&C lines internationally with financial lines down 3.8%. We continue to achieve positive rate to exposure across our international retail commercial portfolio with P&C lines pricing up 6.3% and financial lines pricing down 3.5%. Premiums in our international wholesale business grew about 8% in constant dollar. As is typical, the London wholesale market is growing more competitive and frankly for me is exhibiting classic London underwriter and broker behavior. Generally speaking, underwriting prosperity likely won't endure over time and London will underperform in due course. Except for those few real underwriters who know how to manage what is simply a trade. I have seen this movie many times. Our international personal lines business had an excellent quarter with growth of 12.7% led by Asia Pacific and Latin America. And our global reinsurance business had a strong quarter. Premiums were up about 35%. We had a combined ratio of 94.4% which included a more active cat loss quarter. Again, in our international life insurance business which is fundamentally Asia, premiums and deposits were up about 21% in constant dollar. International life earnings grew over 9% in the quarter in constant dollar. So that's a lot of news and in summary we had another excellent quarter and having a record earnings year. While we're in the risk business and volatility is a natural feature, we are very confident in our ability to continue growing our operating earnings and EPS at a superior rate. P&C revenue growth and underwriting margins, investment income and life income. I'm going to turn the call over to Peter and then we're going to come back and take your question.
Peter Enns: Good morning. As you have just heard from Evan, despite an elevated level of industry wide cats, we had another strong quarter that generated adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter and through nine months of $4.6 billion and a record $11.7 billion respectively. Our results further strengthened our overall financial position, ending the quarter with all-time highs in book value of nearly $66 billion and invested assets of $151 billion. On July 31st we issued $700 million of 5 year debt and $600 million of 10 year debt at an attractive weighted average cost of under 5%. The proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes including a repayment of 700 million of euro denominated debt due in December. We returned $782 million of capital to capital shareholders this quarter including $413 million in share repurchases and $369 million in dividends and $2.4 billion in total. Through nine months, book and tangible book value per share excluding AOCI increased 2.7% and 4.3% respectively for the quarter and 7.7% and 10.6% respectively year-to-date benefiting from core operating income partially offset by the capital returned to shareholders. Core operating ROE and return on tangible equity were 13.6% and a record 21.5% respectively year-to-date. Turning to investments, our A rated portfolio produced adjusted net investment income of $1.64 billion which included approximately $40 million of higher than normal income from private equity. Regarding underwriting results, the quarter included pretax catastrophe losses of $765 million of which $250 million was related to Hurricane Helene and the balance principally from weather related events split 70% in the U.S. and 30% internationally. Prior period development in the quarter interactive companies was a favorable $299 million pretax with favorable development of $358 million in short tail lines primarily from property and $59 million of unfavorable development in long tail lines which was primarily from general casualty. Our corporate runoff portfolio had adverse development of $55 million primarily environmental liability related. Our paid to incurred ratio for the quarter and the year was 77%. Our core effective tax rate was 17.7% for the quarter which is below our previously guided range due to shifts in the mix of income as well as certain discrete tax benefits recorded in the quarter. We expect our fourth quarter core effective tax rate to now be between 19% and 19.25% [ph] with the full year between 18% and 18.25% [ph]. We expect to provide guidance on the 2025 tax rate as part of our fourth quarter earnings at the end of January. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Huang from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Bob Huang: Good morning. So first question is on the North America commercial. I think if we like you said before, right. Pricing, Ex Financial Alliance, Ex Workers comp continue to be very strong over the last few quarters and you had really incredible margins in this business. Just given the pricing and the growth, should we expect growth to accelerate from here or how should we think about growth in this business? Ex Financial Alliance, Ex Workers comp going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, we don't give forward guidance, as you know. So I'm not going to answer that in a specific way. You see the amount of new business we run, you see our retention rate. You see we're in a healthy market and we're in an underwriter's market. Risk selection, structure of risk, how you structure it and pricing matter. All underwriters aren't created equal. So we compete for business. And some areas of business have become more competitive, naturally. Speaking to property, I'm confident when I look forward at Chubb's ability to continue to grow above trend, when I look at longer term trend and as I look forward over a period of time, and I'll leave it at that.
Bob Huang: Great, thank you. Second question is on the international business. Apology in advance if I misinterpreted your commentary, but it sounded like what you're saying is that in London there could be more competition. Does that imply that a lot of the international growth going forward will be driven by Asia and elsewhere? If that is the case, does the upcoming election potentially have an impact on the growth in that area?
Evan Greenberg: Wow. First of all, our London wholesale business is proportionately is not the overwhelming part of our international business. It's about 10%. And so put that in perspective, 90% is our global retail international Europe grew eight and a half. Latin America grew seven and a half. Asia grew in the nines. So it's that vast territory. And then the U.K. itself rose well, and then which is U.K. retail, which is a big business. And then you have the London wholesale market, where business comes to London to get placed. And that's what my comment was referring to. The classic London market competition that I just thought I would call out because you start to see the behavior that is classic of London. The election, I'm not sure how you linked it to the election and the election outcome. You'd have to enlighten me, but does that help you?
Bob Huang: Okay. No, no, I think it does. Really appreciate the U.K. comments there. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it. I feel good about our international growth capabilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS Financial. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thank you. Evan I'm just curious, given the hurricane activity we've seen in the elevated call it cat losses, what are you seeing in the property lines, right now? What's your expectations if we go into 1:1 renewals both on the primary and reinsured side?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, on the primary side in the middle market, small commercial, which is really the vast majority of business in insurance in North America. Overall when you look at the industry, pricing remains firm and prices continue to go up and it's both hurricane and active SCS activity, modeled, non-modeled loss and the market needs the price and it continues to move in that direction. Would you get to shared and layered particularly whether it's large account or it's E&S related. That's where there is more -- the business is well priced but there is rate pressure. Rates are coming down though they remain at good levels and because there's more capital that's entered the market, more competition and again in particular I call out London behavior that is almost aberrant relative to everybody else. But it remains a robust market.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you. And my second question Peter, you mentioned there was 59 million of call it general casualty adverse development in North America. What accident years was that coming from? And maybe break it down a little more. Was it GL commercial auto? What's driving some of that development?
Peter Enns: Yes, it was 19 to 22 years and it was in the general casualty areas, the negative and look, we do a lot of studies in the third quarter of casualty in the U.S. and it was. There were puts and calls so that you really have a clearer view of it. There were a number of long tail classes in the quarter that had positive results and then there was in particular excess casualty that produced a negative result. So it's a, it's a kind of a mixed bag. It's not all in one direction and that is what all added up to the North America casualty reserve charge which was...
Brian Meredith: Thanks, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Thanks. Good morning Evan. I think you know over the last several quarters you guys had called out some troubled classes in North America commercial that you guys were reworking. I think it was a $50 million drag last quarter. I know there was also some of that in 4Q23. Is that largely behind you at this point? Aside from just sort of the normal course managing the book where we should see continued acceleration in some of those commercial casualty lines.
Evan Greenberg: We have another quarter or two to go before we finish. We began fourth quarter last year in most of it. We have a part of it that we began really in first quarter. So we have, we had about another 50 or so million this quarter, and it'll continue into fourth and a little bit into first. But, in the grand scheme of the total premiums we write, it's just not that significant. And remember, it's not. It's a combination of, whether some business moves to others who just don't get it. But a lot of it is due to how we change terms and attempts. This is large account related comments. And then of course the excess areas are getting a lot of rate that help to ameliorate. So maybe that helps you with it.
David Motemaden: Yes, thanks. That's, that's helpful.
Evan Greenberg: When you look at the broad nature of our business, I mean, let's just keep a perspective. We write 20 some odd billion of net premiums in North America. Personal lines is about 7 of that. So all the rest is commercial. Massive number two middle market player, a large E&S player, major agricultural writer, large major account writer. And so when you start hearing numbers like, that we're talking about this area in large account casualty, well, it's not unimportant relative to the business keep perspective. It's small.
David Motemaden: Right. No, that's fair. And I see the rate is also accelerating there in casualty, so that's good to see as well. Maybe just moving on the property side. The catastrophe losses over the last several years and in the third quarter, this third quarter, were definitely surprisingly low just given the mix shift to property that you guys have had over the last several years. I guess I'm wondering if just from your perspective, is this third quarter sort of in line with sort of a normal third quarter that you would expect? And I guess as you think about the mix of property and casualty business, is this sort of -- are you still comfortable shifting more to property? Or is that something where, just given the market dynamics, it should stabilize at this point?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, the cat losses were a bit lower in the quarter than we would have modeled than our modeling that we contemplated pricing would have produced. So in our annual expected, that to me is just lost volatility. We're in a business that in a risk business there's volatility and there's two sides to the volatility. There's a favorable side and an unfavorable side. Because your average expected loss that you divide into four quarters is just an average. It's just that. And it contemplates all return periods in the loss and in the pricing. So you know, that makes sense to me that I'd see volatility. You're not going to hit the number. You're either up or down from it. And number one, number two, we have, we have a lot of capital flexibility. I think we're good underwriters of the business. So our risk selection and portfolio construction and ensuring we have good pricing I think contributes to Chubb's overall results in a major way versus the industry. And we're going to write the business whether it is property or casualty. We have an appetite for the volatility. We are going to write the business wherever it is. If we understand it, we can price it, structure it and assume. And so we're continuing to lean into property, we're continuing to lean into cash and personal lines and all other areas where we see there is growth potential. And frankly, the most frustrating thing inside our own organization, we can't get after opportunity fast enough and execute efficiently enough for our own appetite and expectations.
David Motemaden: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. And maybe just continuing on the previous questions. So when we look at North America casualty, it is where you're getting the most rate, I think based on the data I quickly charted jot down and definitely exceeding loss trend. But that's also where the exposure growth has been less pronounced. I'm guessing that's because of the work you're doing on fixing the trouble classes that you referenced. So without asking for guidance here, but just based on the data, is it fair to think of a growing appetite for casualty coming through in results as the troubled lines are fixed?
Evan Greenberg: I don't know where you're getting that picture, but I can tell you that our casualty lines are actually growing quickly. And I'm not going to give you a breakdown, but our casualty lines are actually growing quickly. And in North America, in the areas where we see decent pricing and I don't see much of an overhang of $50 billion, hardly much of an overhang. So I can't agree with you. Your line of logic and I have to leave you to think your own thoughts.
Yaron Kinar: I'm just referencing the exposure growth of 70 basis points you called out in casualty pricing in North America.
Evan Greenberg: No, you're missing it. That's not growth in premium. That's okay. I have a store, My store sold more goods this year than last year. It sold 1% more in goods. My theater sold 1% more tickets than last year. That's exposure growth and we rate off of that. That's how you get to price. You're confusing price and rate with growth in premium. Two different things. My unit growth of number of customers I wrote is totally different. Yaron, you got to go. Just learn those basics. Sorry.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. All right. And then in the London behavior that you have referenced, is that the competitive nature true in both casualty and property?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, across the board.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. Evan, for my first question, I want to go back to your comments around the life insurance business. As you pointed out, you rarely give forward guidance, so this is somewhat of a departure. Looking some of the statistics with the growth and constant dollars and the growth in deposit assets, just curious why we're not seeing that translate to more income growth. Is there something going on inside there other than currency or just some clarification on that would be helpful.
Peter Enns: Hey, it's Peter, Greg. The top line growth on total Life and on international as you know and as I said was around 10% the income growth in international was just over 9% so pretty much tracking. The combined insurance business in the last half of last year, I called out in the fourth quarterly earnings call had a bit of a non-recurring or oversized item, so if you back that out the growth rate would be relatively consistent for all of life with International.
Gregory Peters: Great thanks for the reminder on that. Appreciate that. The second question I had was on capital. Noted your comments around dividends and share repurchase in the third quarter. The results of your company are outstanding. The free cash flow is really strong. Curious if you have any changed view on share repurchase versus shared special dividends as the stock price appreciates or given the results if there's any change on your views on capital management.
Evan Greenberg: No it's steady as she does. We're returning a healthy amount of capital to shareholders and the balance of capital that we hold, we can put to work at good risk adjusted returns that well exceed our cost of capital. And we're -- that's the balance.
Gregory Peters: Fair enough. Thanks for your time.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Evan. I guess on your comments about competition in London wholesale, typical behavior there. I guess my concern, maybe you can talk me off the ledge on this a bit, but to me that market is London wholesale is pretty intertwined. When I hear commentary like that, I start wondering a little bit about like what might be coming next. I mean, is that a fair concern or when you say that, are you really just honing in on just strictly London?
Evan Greenberg: No, I think it's, I'm saying it particularly about London. And look, the business in London, overall the market is profitable. But my real point was the kind of behavior I'm seeing them exhibit, the way they're trying to attract more capital to a finite amount of business. The behavior of the capital as I look at it and the guises that it's in it just sets the table for the same movie I've watched that will occur over a number of years many times. And they just can't ultimately stand prosperity. And so I'm just calling it out because I'm seeing it or I'm seeing it begin and it is peculiar in particular to the London.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just a follow up thinking about international life. So it took more than a decade to get to a billion dollars of premium. Any, any, any suggestion you want to give us on how long it's going to take to get the next billion of operating earnings there?
Evan Greenberg: In Life International? In International, I think it's Life. Did you say international Life, Ryan?
Ryan Tunis: I did, yes.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, stay tuned, buddy. It ain't going to take a decade.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. First one I had for you is just on the casualty pricing dynamics we're seeing in the market. I mean, on one hand we're seeing some unfavorable here or there in some of these specific product lines like excess liability and so forth. But overall profitability seems pretty good when we look at overall ROEs across many of these businesses. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on price adequacy in general across some of those casualty lines and how much need is there for the industry in your view to keep pushing price and casualty.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, there is no general statement. It varies by area of casualty by customer, cohort by geography. There is no simple and that's why it's always an underwriter's market and you got to have the data, you got to have the experience and then you got to have the command and control to actually put them to work, and you got to have the analytics and actuarial to back it up. So there is no general statement that could put casualty which is a massive class of insurance in a neat box and on a bumper sticker.
Alex Scott: Understood. And sorry for the more broad based question it's just something I grapple with. Looking at the specific products versus like the overall profitability of companies. I honestly, I give it I'd help you out and give it to you. Understood. Next one I have is just on the asset base I guess is we're seeing I guess lower paid claims relative to incurred sort of an elongation of the claim cycle and casualty we're seeing asset bases kind of grow more than they otherwise would, which the good part about that is you get more net investment income potentially. I mean how should we think about the growth in the asset base?
Evan Greenberg: I think you just said something that you're going to have to think about how you connected those dots. You just said elongated payout pattern. And I don't relate to an elongated payout pattern. I do relate to strength of reserves that all things being equal paid to incurred can point to. And I do understand growth in business and in longer tail areas and mix in that regard. But I don't relate to a notion of elongated payout pattern generally speaking. And I don't know, I got the data, at least when it comes to Chubb.
Alex Scott: Can I. I mean the invested asset base growing at a pretty strong clip. I mean what's the underlying driver?
Evan Greenberg: Our business has been growing. And our margins have been good, and so our invested asset base, yes, continues to grow and our capital has been growing and that invested asset is a source of income and at superior returns on a risk adjusted well in excess of cost of capital. So that is a source of strength for the company. And we will continue to grow the invested asset on purpose and we will continue to focus on returns within that portfolio as a good asset allocator would, which is my earlier comments about us as an asset manager. We're a manager of capital and claim reserves. That's third party and that will continue to grow.
Alex Scott: Thanks very much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Just thinking about the financial lines where premium was down 6.2% and I think you highlighted rate off low single digit but you still generated about a billion and a quarter of premium. So I'm wondering how much of that was D&O? Can you still make money in D&O and just how are you thinking about the outlook there?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to give you a breakdown of how much was D&O, that's proprietary. But I am, what I will tell you is we're not writing the business if we can't make money, and we have a very large installed customer base. We have a long storied reputation in G&O and financial lines. We're a major brand in it. And when they're looking for someone to write their primary that is manage their risk, more often than not they want Chubb on that and the competition then is more in the excess layers. And yes, we're writing D&O because where we are, we're making.
Andrew Kligerman: That makes a lot of sense. And then just maybe to kind of follow on that London movie commentary that you gave. You're doing such exceptional underlying combined 80.8 in North America, 84.8. And overseas, Evan, could you see an environment where, it just gets more competitive globally and these excellent, these exceptional combines maybe erode a little bit. You still do great. But it's five years into the hard market already. Didn't we see?
Evan Greenberg: Here's what you're missing. You're looking at it on an ex-cat basis. When everyone is cat levered, look at published bind ratios. That's what tells you you can't chuck out the losses and leave the premium in the denominator. I reject that discussion because that's just not, that's just not understanding risk. And so what those ex cat look like and then ask yourself in and you have to do the work. But when you look at various companies, you look at various markets, you got to understand how much is cat levered, how much is not cat levered to get a real the health. And then that's why I continue to say published combined ratio is your most important indicator. And then after that a secondary indicator, all things being equal, is ex-cat. It tells you some things. But don't over read it.
Andrew Kligerman: So what I'm right, so what I should just simply read in is that the combines on an absolute basis are still very high for the industry and the outlook is good for Chubb.
Evan Greenberg: They're good. They're delivering good returns for the industry overall. And it varies by company. Some companies it's delivering good returns, some it's not. They're decent. There's not a lot of room to move. If you're thinking about pricing adequacy, it's not like industry ROEs are off the charts. They're decent, they're good on a risk adjusted basis. And then loss trend is relentless. Every year you have loss trend. See, you can't just stand still just to stay where you are. You got to get rate or price.
Andrew Kligerman: Makes a lot of sense.
Evan Greenberg: You got it, buddy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, you guys said right there was 59 million of I guess strengthening on long tail reserves. I know in response to an earlier question there were some pushes and polls. Can you guys give us a sense of, what was released in workers comp versus what was added to excess casualty in the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: No, we've given. I gave as much color around that there was in long tail, there was both positive and negative and negative was more excess related. And beyond that we're not giving detail.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then you guys typically provide an investment income guide. I don't think that was given this quarter. Any color you can provide there just relative to, fourth quarter and forward.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, Elyse, and last quarter I gave last six months guidance. So what I would say for the fourth quarter is we will be at the high end of that guidance for the fourth quarter on a recurring basis. Obviously there's things that are harder to predict. Like I spiked out the 40 million in the third quarter that was higher than normal on PE. But I'd say the high end of the guidance rate guidance level on a recurring basis for the fourth quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: And then on tax you said you would give us right next year with Q4, but given, just Bermuda tax changes going into effect, just directionally, would that imply you guys would think the tax rate would be higher next year relative to this year's guide?
Evan Greenberg: We typically give the full year guidance in the fourth quarter. That's as far as we go. There is uncertainty, so we're not giving any more specific.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. If I can go back to the division of pricing to rate and exposure unit, to the extent that more of pricing is coming from rate rather than exposed units, does that have implications for loss ratio progress?
Evan Greenberg: Does it, what?
Meyer Shields: Does that have? Well, if more of pricing comes from rate than exposure units, does that imply a difference in terms of how when these premiums are earned, the loss ratio will move.
Evan Greenberg: No, no, not at all. Look, be careful. I didn't say exposure. Maybe we're using different terms. An exposure unit to me would be that I wrote more policies, I took more insureds. That doesn't go into price. We're only talking rate and price times exposure. And so we have rate and then we have a certain kind of exposure that equals price. And you apply it against units of exposure which is insured. And so the exposure part of price is just like rate. It acts like rate. The portion of it that we count, and that has nothing to do with it all earns exactly the same way.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Because driving both premium. And if it's an annual policy, it's earned 1/12 a month. One, three.
Meyer Shields: No, I think I understand that. Yes. I apologize for the terminology issue. Second question, though to the extent that that component of pricing is slowing down, to the extent that that reflects maybe slowing economic growth, does that itself have implications for underwriting profitability?
Evan Greenberg: Not that we. No, not as we see it, no, not all things. And that's a whole different theoretical discussion that depends on the line of business, what we're talking about, so, Oh my God, no. If you want to sit in and have a gestalt [ph] discussion about that sometime, Meyer, I'll do.
Meyer Shields: All right, I'll bring the herring.
Evan Greenberg: No, no, only in sour cream sauce.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. So just kind of back to the casualty competitive marketplace. So casualty pricing has accelerated in recent quarters to approximately 12%. And as you state too, that's well above what most companies publicly stated their loss cost assumption. I guess I'm just trying to understand why pricing would be accelerating all the way up to 12, especially in today's higher interest rate environment, which is good for long tail lines. If loss costs are indeed below, then well below that number.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, so. Yes. So what I've been clear about, and that you're trying to be too simplistic, there are many cohorts of casualty, the majority significant. The vast majority of our portfolio is adequately priced. There are areas where price has had to accelerate to achieve an adequate risk adjusted return. It's those everyone's book of casualty is different. And our portfolio of casualty has produced these kinds of rate increases which were made up of just to keep pace with loss costs where we are adequately priced and greater levels of rate increase where we're pushing to achieve price adequacy and it all mixes together. And by the way, what's producing outstanding combined ratios. And that's as far as I can take it.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Okay, that's understood. Maybe just switching gears. Lastly, since you were willing to offer some color on your guidance on life insurance. So if the target this year was I guess a billion or so.
Evan Greenberg: No, Mike, it's not going to happen. I'm not giving you forward guidance. The only thing I was doing is because it was a year where it's the first year and I was just doing it for all of you because this was our first year where you didn't have noise of acquisitions and that in it. And you're trying to get it. Where are we relative to where we think we should be? That was why I gave a comment about the 2024 full year where our own target was, I just said in excess of $1 billion for operating income and that we are well on track to achieve that or exceed that. And that it was just to give you guys a sort of a landing place and then from there we don't get forward.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, got it because last year was over a billion. But yes, there was definitely some noise and obviously earnings there have been great. So, okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome. But by the way, it's a growth area.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our June 30, 2024, second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had another great quarter. We produced core operating EPS of $5.38, up 9.3%. Premium revenue growth reflects strong results in our businesses around the world. North America P&C, International P&C and Life Insurance demonstrates the broad-based diversified strength of our company. Our underwriting results were simply excellent. We published a combined ratio of 86.8%. We grew investment income more than 25%. Life segment income was up 8.7%, with International Life up double-digit. Core operating income for the quarter was $2.2 billion, bringing year-to-date operating earnings to $4.4 billion, up 13.5% and a record six-month result. P&C underwriting income in quarter of $1.4 billion was essentially flat as a result of higher cat losses globally. As you know, it was an active quarter for the industry. Our losses of $580 million compared with $400 million prior year, and they were in line with our modeled expectations, while last year's second quarter losses were light. On an ex-cat current accident year basis, underwriting income of $1.8 billion was up over 11% with a combined ratio of 83.2%, both were record underwriting results. Investment income topped $1.5 billion, up nearly 26% and a record as well. At June 30, our reinvestment rate is averaging 5.9% and our fixed income portfolio yield is 4.9% versus 4.5% a year ago. Our liquidity is very strong, and investment income will continue to grow as we reinvest cash flows at higher rates. Our invested asset now stands at $141 billion and we expect it to continue growing. Life segment income of $276 million was right in line with our plan. Our annualized core operating ROE for the quarter was 13.3%, with a return on tangible equity of over 21%. Peter will have more to say about financial items. Turning to other matters, growth, pricing and the rate environment. Consolidated net premiums for the company increased 11.8% in the quarter or 12.3% in constant dollars. We are a large diversified global insurer and our growth this quarter is again a reflection of who we are. Growth was broad-based geographically by product and customer segment, both commercial and consumer, from North America commercial to North America consumer, international commercial, Asia, Europe and Latin America to international consumer, particularly Asia and Latin America. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, overall conditions remain favorable in both property, which is naturally more competitive, and casualty, which is firming in those classes that require rate. Loss-cost inflation remains steady within what we have contemplated in our pricing and our reserving. Property has become more competitive as more capital is entered. Our book is well priced, and terms and conditions remain steady. Casualty is firming in the areas that need rate, and we see this trend in casualty enduring, and I'm going to give you some more color by division. So, let's start with North America. Premiums, excluding agriculture, were up 8% and consisted of 12.3% growth in personal lines and 6.7% growth in commercial, with all P&C lines, including comp, up 8.7%, and financial lines down about 3%. We wrote over $1.3 billion of new business, which is a record, and our renewal retention on a policy count basis was 90%, both speak to the reasonably disciplined tone of the market and our excellent operating performance. Premiums in our major accounts and specialty division increased 6.5%, with P&C up about 8% and financial lines down 2.5%. Our E&S business grew about 8.5%. Premiums in our middle market division increased about 7.5%, with P&C lines up almost 11% and financial lines down 4.5%. Again, the underwriting environment in North America is generally favorable and rational, financial lines aside. P&C pricing, excluding financial lines and comp, was up 8.3%, with rates up 5.5% and exposure change of 2.7%. Financial lines pricing was down 3.2%, with rates down about 3.5% and exposure up 0.3%. In workers' comp, which includes both primary and large account risk management comp, pricing was up 4.2%, with rates up 1.6% and exposure up 2.6%. And breaking down P&C pricing further, property pricing was up 5.3%, with rates up about 1.1% and exposure change of 4.2%. Large accounts shared and layered in E&S property pricing was flat to down, while in the middle market, rates continue to rise, about 7%. We are big in all three, and again all three are priced adequately. Casualty pricing in North America was up 11.7%, with rates up 9.9% and exposure up 1.6%. Loss-costs in North America remain stable, in line -- and in line with what we contemplate in our loss picks. Loss-costs for P&C, excluding financial lines and comp, are trending at 7.3%, with short-tail classes up 5.3%, and casualty, excluding comp, at 8.6%. We are trending our first dollar work comp book at 4.6%. As I said, when it comes to financial lines, the underwriting environment in a number of classes is simply not smart. We are trading growth for a reasonable underwriting margin. We are trending financial lines loss-costs at just over 5%. On the consumer side of North America, our high net-worth personal lines business had another outstanding quarter, with premium growth of over 12%, including new business growth of 30%. Premium growth for our true high net-worth segments, the group that seeks our brand for the differentiated coverage and service we are known, for grew 17%. These numbers are really impressive. When you consider our high net-worth personal lines division, it's almost a $7 billion business. Our homeowners pricing was up 14.6% in the quarter, while the loss-cost trend remains steady at 10.5%. Turning to our International General Insurance operations, net premiums were up over 16.5% in constant dollar. Our International commercial business grew nearly 14%, while consumer was up almost 21%. Asia Pacific led the way with premiums up 36%, and excluding China's contribution, premiums were up over 9%. Latin America had a strong quarter, with premiums up about 12%, and Europe retail grew over 9%, with the continent up 11%. 41% of our Overseas General division's premium is consumer, both A&H and personal lines, and it's growing at a good clip. In the quarter, premiums in our International A&H business were up over 10.5%, led by Asia Pacific and Europe. Our International personal lines business had another excellent quarter, with growth of 32%, led by Asia Pac and Latin America. We continue to achieve positive rate to exposure across our International commercial portfolio, with retail, property and casualty lines pricing up 6.1% and financial lines pricing down 4.1%. Loss-cost inflation across our International retail commercial portfolio is trending at 5.8% with P&C lines trending 6.1% and financial lines trending 4.8%. In our International Life Insurance business, which is fundamentally Asia, premiums were up 31.7% in constant dollar. Excluding China, life premiums were up almost 10%. Depending on the country, growth was driven by tied agency, brokerage, bank assurance and direct marketing distribution channels. International Life earnings grew over 15% in the quarter in constant dollar. Lastly, Global Re had a strong quarter with premium growth exceeding 40% and a combined ratio of 72.7%. Growth was property-driven, both risk and cat. And in the quarter, we wrote more one-off structured transactions, which contributed to our growth. In summary, as you could see, we had a great quarter, and again, our results reflect the strength, the breadth and the depth globally of the company. We are confident in our ability to continue growing our operating earnings at a superior rate through P&C revenue growth and underwriting margins, investment income and life income. I'm going to turn the call over to Peter and we're going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Good morning. As you know, our balance sheet and overall financial position are very strong and just got stronger, benefiting from our first half results. Our underwriting and investment results continue to generate substantial capital and significant positive cash flow. Our book value reached over $61 billion or $151 per share, and adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter and through six months were $3.6 billion and a record $7.2 billion, respectively. We returned $939 million of capital to shareholders this quarter, including $570 million in share repurchases and $369 million in dividends, and $1.6 billion in total through six months. [indiscernible] tangible book value per share excluding AOCI increased 2.6% and 3.1%, respectively, for the quarter, and 4.9% and 6.1%, respectively, year-to-date, benefiting from core operating income partially offset by capital return to shareholders noted earlier. In addition, we closed on two small acquisitions this quarter Healthy Paws, a pet insurance business, and Catalyst Aviation, which together diluted tangible book value by about $300 million. Core operating ROE and return on tangible equity were 13.3% and 21.1%, respectively, for the quarter, and 13.6% and a record 21.6%, respectively, year-to-date. Turning to investments, our A-rated portfolio produced adjusted net investment income of $1.56 billion, which included approximately $30 million of higher-than-normal income from private equity and other areas. We expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to average approximately $1.57 billion to $1.63 billion for the remainder of the year. Regarding underwriting results, the quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $580 million, which were principally from weather-related events, with 75% in the US and 25% internationally. Prior-period development in the quarter in our active companies was a positive $285 million pre-tax, with $144 million in North America Commercial, $64 million in North America Personal, $61 million in Overseas General and $16 million in Global Retail. The $285 million was split 35% long-tail lines predominantly in North America Commercial and 65% in short-tail lines. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $93 million, mostly coming from molestations-related claims development. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 71% and 77% year-to-date. Our core effective tax rate was 18.8% for the quarter, which is within our guided range. We continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be within 18.75% to 19.25% for the remainder of this year. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. We'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, guys. Good morning. Most of the focus, as you know, and you guys -- you gave good commentary, Evan, as you usually do on loss-cost trends. I'm trying my best to use the live transcript to true up some of the quarter-over-quarters, but I believe you made commentary about loss-cost trend in North America, specifically being stable and kind of in-line with your expectations, but I think you said there was a -- it was, excluding comp, in the 8%s, and I believe last quarter was in the 7%s. So just curious, is loss-cost trend changing a bit in terms of the trend line?
Evan Greenberg: No, there wasn't a change of loss-cost, and frankly, it was 7.3%, is what I said for P&C lines, which excludes financial lines and comp. I think that's the way to look at it. And the 8% was pricing, was up 8.3%. Pricing exceeded loss-costs P&C lines. As we...
Michael Zaremski: Would you say -- got it. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. So, just sticking with that and I guess this will just be my follow-up, there's a number of indices out there which kind of show that pricing in certain parts of the marketplace, even ex-financial lines are sub-6%, sub-5%. Would you say that -- I know you've talked about not accepting all business, that's not priced adequately. Would you say that Chubb's kind of in a doing that more so today in terms of kind of saying no to more business than it usually does in order to kind of make sure you're keeping pricing above loss-cost trend, whereas maybe others don't appear to be doing that when we see their trend lines on their loss ratios?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think I understood what you just said. Let me answer this. We wrote $1.3 billion of new business. That's a record. We grew in our P&C business 8% or so, and we gave comps separately, gave financial lines separate. The market overall, those numbers, as I said, I'm repeating myself, speak to the tone of the market, which is overall quite good. We published a combined ratio of 86.8% with higher cats and 83.2% current accident year combined ratio. I'm hardly wringing my hands. Our results are outstanding underwriting results. The pricing in the market is reasonably rational, financial lines aside to me. Good areas -- and we're only writing business where we can earn an underwriting profit, and in all classes, we strive to earn an underwriting profit that reflects a good return on capital that we're deploying against that line of business. In some classes, they're well priced and getting rate that equals loss-cost, brilliant. In some classes, there is pricing below loss-cost, because the margins are so decent. And in other classes and they're casualty-related, we're writing the business because we're getting rate while in excess of loss-cost as those lines approach their adequacy. I hope that answers your question.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. It does. Appreciate it.
Evan Greenberg: Then, if you look at something like financial lines, there is a glaring example hiding in plain sight that demonstrates we are shrinking when we can't earn an adequate return, which is what we have done consistently for 20 years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Thank you. Evan, I'm just curious...
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Hey, good morning. Given the good pricing you're still seeing in [casualty] (ph) lines right now, I'm just a little surprised that we aren't seeing more growth in that area from y'all. And, actually, if you just look at your pricing versus where the kind of premium growth was, it almost looks like you're shrinking a little bit on a absolute unit basis. Maybe correct me if there's something else going on that I'm just not seeing in the numbers.
Evan Greenberg: No. We're growing property, and the unit count grew well. So, I don't -- and I don't know what -- we don't have any that reflects unit count.
Brian Meredith: That was in casualty.
Evan Greenberg: You can't see number of policies. And you're talking property, right?
Brian Meredith: No. My apologies, I said casualty. I'm just looking at your commercial casualty numbers that you gave us. Apologies.
Evan Greenberg: No, casualty is growing, and it's growing in the areas that we think we should be growing. And then, we have some areas, remember, in large account where we have been restructuring, in troubled classes and increasing retentions and we have accounts we've gotten off of or who have left us because of change of terms and all of that, it was worth about $50 million in the quarter. And that will run its string. It's particularly auto liability related. And -- but other than that, certain classes grew, some stayed flat, but overall casualty was up.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you. And then, Evan, just second question, and I appreciate all the color on loss trend and stuff, but given some of the uncertainty that others in the industry are talking about on what's going on in the social inflation environment, are you all kind of thinking about maybe or are adding some additional IBNR to perhaps loss picks and stuff, or are we not at that point of this right now?
Evan Greenberg: That's a strange way of framing for me. You're either raising your loss pick, which is IBNR, it's IBNR in casualty, generally you're -- if it's on a more recent year, it's all IBNR. If it's case -- if it's due to case reserve on recent years, then hang on to your hat. And if you're -- whereas on older, older years, you could be raising your loss pick based on the actual incurred claim. So, to me, it's just simply another way of saying are you raising your loss picks on more recent years. We already have raised our loss picks. It's already been baked into our business as we've gone along, and we've raised our loss-cost trends and we take rate against loss-cost and on a written basis and then to earn through, we pick -- we've been picking higher loss ratios over the last few years. And that's just steady. We haven't adjusted our loss picks this year for what we see in loss-cost trends. The loss-cost trends, as I said, remain steady with what we have contemplated. Now, as you do reserve studies, there are individual classes where if you're taking reserve charge, you're taking reserve charge because that, by its nature, means you're raising the loss picks, which includes IBNR on a cohort of years. It may be that you're raising it just because of development you see on older years, it may be that you see that flowing through to more -- to change your view in more recent years and in which case you raise them, but that's study by study. I hope that answers your question.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. It was very helpful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bob Huang: Hi, good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Bob Huang: Yeah. Good morning. Just want to shift gears a little bit to personal line. You grew in pretty incredible 42% premium year-to-date. Can you maybe talk about the driver of this growth in North America personal? And also, how should we think about just the growth trajectory of this line going forward? I understand, obviously, homeowner and auto is going to be very different, but just curious your thoughts going forward.
Evan Greenberg: Did you -- we did not grow North America personal lines 42% year-to-date, but we've grown it double-digit year-to-date. And so just -- so we level set between each other, the line is growing at a very healthy rate. And look, it's for -- there's a combination of reasons. It's broad-based growth. We're not growing simply in -- okay, cat-exposed stressed areas. We're growing where high net-worth customers have homes. And so that would of course have a strong cat-exposed element to it, but we're growing at a broad variety of geographies across the United States. We're getting improved rate to exposure. Our pricing -- and we've worked on it for years now, our ability to price the business is far more sophisticated and our by-peril pricing is very sophisticated. The services we provide and the richness of the coverage, if you are a customer whose profile meets our product, we're who you want, because the richness of the coverage and the way we administer it, that's what our brand is well known about. And there is a real increase in demand for Chubb. We are not the cheap guys on the street. And in fact, there are many who I personally will tell them, if you're looking for a cheaper price, let me give you the name of three other insurance companies. But no, they want Chubb and the renewal retention rate and the growth in new business, it's very gratifying that way. And we're improving our services and constantly improving our services and in the way we communicate with our customer. And that is in front of us. We can continue improving this and improve the -- which is the competitive profile of the product area. So -- and then, yes, in cat-exposed areas, we're getting well paid for the business we're writing. I don't mind saying we're reshaping and have been shaping in cat-exposed areas to a healthier portfolio in terms of the quality of risk and whether they're just given us cat business or they're giving us a broad base of business beyond cat exposure. And we're shaping that portfolio and getting priced reasonably for it and we're purchasing enough protection to protect the balance sheet as we grow accumulations. So, all in all, our personal lines business is in a very healthy place.
Bob Huang: Great. Thank you. Yeah, the 42%, personal auto, I misspoke there. Yeah. So, the second question is, in the press release, you talked about, you're seeing a broad set of opportunities in accident and health and personal lines across the globe, right? Can you maybe expand on where you think that opportunity resides? It feels like your European business is doing well. Your Asia business is doing well. Is this globe -- are you referring to more broadly speaking, or is it more Southeast Asia, South Asia? Can you maybe give us a little bit more details there? Is it more organic, inorganic, things of that nature?
Evan Greenberg: Love the question. Thank you. Okay. So, let's take accident and health. The combined insurance company in North America, which I'm going to start talking about more soon, but we've been a little quieter about it. It is growing at double-digits. It is a worksite voluntary benefits business and it is growing at a very healthy double-digit clip, and that is traditional -- our traditional accident and health. We're growing it for small-account companies and middle- and large-account companies, one through brokerage, one through agency. Our accident and health business in Asia Pacific has grown because we're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia for sure and maybe the world. It's over a $4.5 billion portfolio. And our direct marketed A&H business growing in Korea, growing through Southeast Asia is an excellent contributor. Our digital distributed consumer lines business, A&H and personal lines with over 200 digital platforms from the grabs of Southeast Asia to the new banks of Latin America for -- in what we call embedded or in path selling for accident and health and simple consumer products, think householders, think term life insurance, think device coverage for protecting devices, is growing at a -- that's our digital business, growing at a very healthy double-digit clip. Travel insurance in Asia growing well. In Europe, employer, employee and direct marketed A&H growing very well. I could go on and on, but that's a flavor of how it's -- maybe giving you a sense granularly of how it is across the globe.
Bob Huang: Really appreciate that. So, I think we'll look forward to more commentary down the road about this. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, David.
David Motemaden: Good morning, Evan. I had a follow-up just on the North America P&C long-tail ex-comp...
Evan Greenberg: Of course.
David Motemaden: ...loss trend. It sounds like that increased about 1 point sequentially. Just wondering what you saw in the quarter.
Evan Greenberg: No. It did not -- no. I'm going to cut you. It did not. It -- didn't it go ahead, Paul?
Paul O'Connell: I think last quarter, we had given casualty number, which was 8.6% in comparison, that's standalone casualty number. The number you just cited was P&C ex-financial lines and ex-workers' comp, it didn't change that quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Did you hear that explanation? Did it help you? David?
David Motemaden: Yeah. I did. It was a little faint, but I think I got most of it. So, it just sounds...
Evan Greenberg: No, you want to -- let's repeat it. Paul, go ahead.
Paul O'Connell: The numbers didn't change sequentially. It might have been a different mix or different combination of product lines. So, the 7.3% that we cited was total ex-financial lines and ex-workers' compensation.
Evan Greenberg: Which is -- which we think is the purest way for you to hear casualty.
Paul O'Connell: Property and casualty.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, property and casualty. And then, we gave casualty separately, right? And the casualty separately hasn't changed.
Paul O'Connell: No.
Evan Greenberg: I mean, I'm looking at my Chief Actuary, so I'm scratching my head. We haven't changed it.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That's helpful clarification on that front. I guess, we've obviously heard a lot of noise this quarter from just across the industry on more recent accident year casualty reserves. Doesn't sound like there's been any big shifts in the claims environment just based on what you guys have done, but I'm wondering if you might just give some of your observations in terms of how we should be thinking about just the loss environment as the claims environment sort of normalizes following COVID.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look, let me observe this way to you. On the loss side of it, we have been talking for many quarters for years now about the inflation in the casualty loss-cost environment. I won't go into all the reasons, but the litigation. We have talked about the reasons and we have talked about some of the areas, whether it is excess casualty related, auto liability related. And that's just not new noise or new facts. That's been for a long time we've been talking. We've talked about how inflation in that area has accelerated over a period of time. We talked about how the court system was closed down and how you had to be careful in not taking the head fake and continuing to trend up. We've talked about how companies have managed this and some have been quicker, some have been slower to recognize development. Though everyone is in the boat of struggling to stay on top of it, some have reacted more quickly and their recognition in reserves and loss picks than others. So again, everyone struggles to stay on top. We've talked about how reinsurers are late -- are the latest to the party. And those who may not have as good a data set or be as activist and intrusive in how they use data and interpret it for management information, all of that rolls together to make the soup everyone is obsessed about at this moment about casualty, and I understand it. I say it that way, because when it comes to Chubb, we have almost $65 billion of loss reserves, very broad-based. We study them all on an annual basis, and we watch them all on a monthly and quarterly basis. There's always something developing well and something not developing as well as you imagine. It's never a precise science. On balance, our reserves are as strong. And frankly, we said this at December and I can tell you as of June 30, our loss reserves are stronger than they were in December in aggregate when we look at them today. And that is with staying on top of the positive development in casualty, i.e. comp and other areas and the negative development that is occurring in auto liability and access and umbrella, et cetera. David, I hope that's as much as I can say on the subject.
David Motemaden: I really appreciate it. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. I want to maybe take a broader view here, specifically on North America commercial. So, I think you've been running at a low 80%s underlying, combined mid-80%s reported in recent years, including year-to-date. That's a whopping improvement relative to where it's been historically, right, 5 points to 10 points better I think. So, how do you think about the balance of protecting these margins and risk-adjusted returns on the one hand and pursuing growth on the other in the context of maybe elevated market uncertainty, but these terrific margins?
Evan Greenberg: Well, let's see. I think it speaks for itself. We grew at a pretty healthy clip when you look at it. Our middle market P&C business grew at 11%. Our E&S business grew at 8.7%. Our large-account business grew a little slower clip. Our financial line shrank, while P&C grew. I've gone through that where rates achieve a risk-adjusted return from everything we can tell, that we contemplate achieving, we're growing that business as fast as we can. Where it's not achieving it, we're striving to achieve it. Where we can't earn an underwriting profit, we're shrinking. Where it's adequate, we're growing as fast as we can. And we have the capital, the depth of balance sheet and an appetite and knowledge and geographic reach and the distribution brand, the underwriting capability to grow in those areas where we want to grow. And there are times we'll trade rate for growth and we'll -- there are times we'll trade growth for rate. We're doing both. And when it comes to the current accident year combined ratio, I've said before and I've written this, it's very interesting about the industry's current accident year combined ratio ex-cat. Property is a much larger part and a growing -- everybody is more cat-levered because of the changes in the [reinsurance] (ph) market, the rates and terms. And we take the cat loss out of the numerator, but in the denominator, we leave all the premium, that naturally drives down our current accident year combined ratio in mix of business all else being equal. So, it's -- I look -- that's a part and parcel of the published combined ratio, which is the primary number that everyone should look at. And the current accident year to look through volatility is a secondary indicator. And that's how I think of about. And I think what we published of an 86.8%, which has higher cat losses than prior quarter -- prior year's quarter because volatility in property is simply an outstanding number. I hope that answers your question. This is a company with big appetite and -- but a big appetite and an ambition to grow when we can earn a reasonable return.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And maybe to follow -- sorry, go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm done.
Yaron Kinar: So, maybe to follow-up on that. So, in lines where you are getting rate in excess of trend, is it reasonable to think of an acceleration of growth in those -- premium growth in those lines? So essentially policies in-force increasing or accelerating at a faster pace?
Evan Greenberg: There is. We've met -- you can't see it, and we're not going to disclose anything like that. But it is apparent to us, again, we wrote $1.3 billion of new business, a record. And we had a renewal retention rate policy cap of 90%. I rest my case.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi. Please go ahead.
Mike Ward: Thank you. Good morning. I just -- I was wondering on the prior-period development, I don't think this has been asked, but I was hoping you could maybe break down the -- I think it was $144 million in North America commercial. Just sort of curious, if there were any notable movements within that, including long-tail casualty versus workers' comp?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, sure. We studied large-account comp this quarter, and we studied auto liability across the organization, large, medium, small, all added together. Among other casualty lines, that we studied a variety of GL, general liability-related ones, comp produced about $287 million release and the auto liability studies produced about $116 million of charge and not concentrated in any one year spread out. And that was the major piece.
Mike Ward: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you, Evan. And then maybe kind of on a similar theme, but I saw some media sort of reporting on, an executive that you hired specifically to handle inflated jury verdicts. Just wondering if you could expand on that role and how you expect the industry to actually...
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. He's not going to handle inflated jury verdicts. That sounds like I hired somebody out of the mafia, because I don't know any other way except with a mask and a gun. But what he's -- what we're focused on is the litigation environment and what we can do to help galvanize and lead in that lead efforts among corporate America to pool our influence and our resources to impact the litigation environment, which is going to be impacted through the political arena and the regulatory arena. You going to get some laws changed, and it's a state by state when you get down to the critical issues, whether you're talking mass tort or you're talking individual large awards or you're talking litigation funding, any of that. And so, we're going to double down on focusing on that to work with corporate America that is waking up and becoming more energized about this. And I will in the future, I'm sure have more to say about it. And right now, we'll just go to work on it.
Mike Ward: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. So, you started to touch upon this in the last question, but I wanted to step back. In the last 90 days, it seems like there's been a flurry of announcements from the company on management changes and promotions. And I'm curious, Evan, if you could just step back, give us a snapshot of what's going on behind the curtain.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Behind the curtain? No curtain. What an energizing thing for this organization. These -- we have a very well-oiled and effective succession management and key employee process. We've been engaged in for over 18 years. And at my level, it involves keeping our eye on about 500 people across the company. The people who were promoted and the change of responsibilities is a reflection of that succession management process. This was -- these changes were planned over 18 months ago. The individuals, [John Keogh] (ph), and we had planned it. John Lupica, and we had planned for it. It's very orderly. It was individuals who've had long history with the company. They're of our culture. They have the talent, the capability to do more. The company, to state the obvious, look at the size and scale of it, it's growing. And therefore, the structure has to adapt and the talent that you put in place has to reflect the opportunity set and all of the dynamics around management of the organization that you need to address all at once. We have bigger strategic issues that have to do with opportunities and we just talked about litigation. These massive structural things in front of us that Chubb is a leader, as it has a responsibility and an opportunity, participate in, and we need leadership that can address that. All the day to day of our business and managing the day to day of our business grows more complicated and is more diverse. And so, part of my job is to reflect on all of that and to use the succession process we have that produces a deep, well-diversified bench of talent to match up against all of that. And that's what it reflects. And what's so great is everyone who was on that -- those announcements know each other well, have been together well for a long time, and it just -- it means the team just gets stronger.
Gregory Peters: Great. I'm going to, for my follow-up question, get out of the North American commercial liability reserve sandbox and jump into the agricultural business. I was watching -- I think I checked...
Evan Greenberg: I think we dug all for the sand out of that box. So, I'm like, I'm done, but go ahead.
Gregory Peters: I figured. It's exhausting.
Evan Greenberg: I'm so known for my patients.
Gregory Peters: You handled yourself very well, so congratulations on that. For -- I checked the spot rate of a bushel of corn, looks like it's down, what, some 30% year-over-year. So, not that that's an arbiter of the outlook for your agricultural business, but maybe if you could give us an update on how this year looks to be shaping up? Obviously, I know the harvest season is still emerging, but any color there would be helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I'm going to be very careful because I'm not going to jinx myself in the middle of the game. But where we have concentration of exposure, it is a very good growing season so far, particularly for corn and soybean. We have a well-diversified book. We're heavier, and we've always been west of the Mississippi, but in a very broad swath of geography, Midwest, upper Midwest, in particular. And the growing conditions are very good. When you see spot markets at this moment and it just -- it's not something to obsess about or look at really because it reflects what people were imagining. It's a speculative class and they're imagining what the -- what's the government going to say about growing and they're all out there looking at the years of corn on -- counting the years on stocks right now. And that's what's driving price at the moment. We'll see how it pans out, but right now, it's shaping up well.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: John, you wanted to say something about base price?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. Just you noted a spot price below last year, but I think the more important number is what the base price was and it's only off 10% from base price, which is a good spot for us right now.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, which was in within a lot of the deductible. Frankly, if you -- and is a little outside deductible averages, but, look, who knows, we'll see.
Gregory Peters: Thank you.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your calls. Enjoy the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Karen Beyer: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our March 31, 2024, First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. 
 We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. I'd like to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll then take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. We had an excellent start to the year. Core operating income was up double digit, driven by all 3 sources of income. P&C underwriting income was up over 15% with a published combined ratio of 86%. Investment income was up more than 23% and life insurance income was up almost 10%. We produced double-digit premium revenue growth from across the globe with strong results in our commercial and consumer P&C and international life businesses. Core operating income was up over 20% to $2.2 billion and operating EPS was up nearly 23%, $5.41. As you saw, our earnings and EPS benefited modestly from 2 onetime items that partially offset each other. Adjusting for these, they were up 18.6% and nearly 21%, $5.33. 
 Again, our P&C underwriting income was up over 15% to $1.4 billion, driven by strong earned premium growth and great underwriting margins. The ex-CAT current accident year combined ratio was 83.7%. On the investment side, adjusted net investment income of nearly $1.5 billion was up 23.5%. We now have more than $140 billion in invested assets, up over 19% in the last 2 years. And our fixed income portfolio yield is 4.9% versus 4.4% a year ago. Our reinvestment rate is currently averaging 6.1%. Our liquidity is very strong, and investment income will continue to grow well as we reinvest cash flows at higher rates. Life segment income of $268 million was up 9.8%. Our annualized core operating ROE was 13.7%, with a return on tangible equity of nearly 22%. Peter will have some more to say about financial items. 
 Turning to growth, pricing and the rate environment. Consolidated net premiums for the company increased over 14%. For Global P&C, which excludes agriculture, net premiums increased 13.3% in the quarter with commercial up over 11% and consumer up over 19%. P&C premium growth in the quarter again was balanced broad-based globally between areas of the globe and commercial versus consumer, reflecting favorable underwriting and market conditions overall. Life insurance premiums and deposits were up over 39%, driven by our business in Asia and came from a number of countries and distribution channels. 
 Huatai contributed 2.9% and 20.6 percentage points, respectively, to the global P&C and life growth results. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, overall conditions were quite favorable in both property and casualty, and price increases exceeded loss cost while rate decreases in financial lines slowed. So starting with North America, premiums, excluding agriculture, were up over 10%, and consisted of 12.3% growth in personal insurance and about 9.5% growth in commercial. P&C lines up 13% and financial lines down about 7.5%. If we adjust the P&C growth to the net impact from 2 items in the major accounts division, P&C lines normalized growth was a very strong 11.6%. 
 The 2 items were an unusually large structured transaction we wrote partially offset by the previously discussed corrective underwriting actions in primary and excess casualty that are continuing to wind down over the next few quarters. By the way, that large structured transaction negatively impacted North America commercial's combined ratio by over 0.5 point, the loss ratio impacted by over 1 point. Excluding this impact, unmasks the current accident year combined ratio run rate. 
 Supporting North America P&C growth was record new business of over $1.2 billion at a very strong renewal retention on a policy count basis of 84.7%. Both speak to the tone of the market and our excellent operating performance. Premiums in our major accounts and specialty division increased 12% with our large account retail business up 12% and our E&S business up about 10.5%. Premiums in our middle market division increased about 7% with P&C lines up 10.6% and financial lines down 6.5%. Again, the P&C market environment in North America overall is quite favorable and rational, financial lines aside. Pricing increased 12.8% including rate of 9.4%, an exposure change that acts like rate of 3.1%. 
 From our very large middle market business to small commercial to personal lines, and driven by both property and casualty, we saw the best rates in pricing overall that we've seen in the last 4 to 5 quarters. It was one of the best quarters for large casualty pricing. In our North America business, rate increases for property and casualty exceeded loss cost trends, let alone pricing, which was even stronger. So let me provide a bit more color around rates and pricing. Property pricing was up 13%, with rates up 7.8% and exposure change of 4.8%. Casualty pricing in North America was up 13.1% with rates up 10.9% and exposure up 2%. And in workers' comp, which includes both primary comp and large account risk management, pricing was up 4.8% with rates up 0.2% and exposure up 4.6%. Loss costs in North America are relatively stable and in line with what we contemplate in our loss specs. 
 We are trending loss costs at 6.8%, short-tail classes at 5.3% and long tail, excluding comp at 7.6%, trending our first dollar workers' comp book at 4.6%. For financial lines, the underwriting environment and a number of classes in a word is simply dumb. Rates continue to decline, albeit at a slower pace. We are, of course, trading growth for underwriting margin and income where we need to. In the quarter, rates and pricing for North America financial lines in aggregate were down 3% and 2.7%, respectively. We are trending financial lines loss costs at just over 5%. 
 On the consumer side of North America, our high net worth personal lines business had another outstanding quarter. This is a powerhouse business, over $5.5 billion in premium last year and it grew over 12% in the quarter with new business growth of nearly 35%. It speaks to a franchise and a class of its own in terms of service and capability. Premium growth for our true high net worth Premier and Signature segments, the group that demands the most underwriting and servicing, grew 16.5%. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of 17% in the quarter, while our selected loss cost trend remained steady at 10.5%. While a small quarter, our agriculture business had a very good underwriting result as the '23 crop year turned out a bit better than we projected. 
 Turning to our international general insurance operations. Net premiums were up 17.5% or 16.7% in constant dollars. Our international commercial business grew 11.4%, while our consumer was up over 26%.  Growth this quarter was geographically diverse with all major regions contributing, which again illustrates the true global nature of the company. Asia led the way with premiums up 40%. Excluding Huatai's contribution, premiums were up 7.7%. Latin America had a strong quarter, with premiums up about 13%, while the continent of Europe grew 10.3%. We continue to achieve positive breakthrough exposure across our international commercial portfolio. Retail property and casualty lines pricing, up 5.5% and financial lines pricing, down 2.3% million. 
 Loss cost inflation across our international retail commercial portfolio is trending at 5.8%, with P&C lines trending 6.1% and financial lines trending 4.8%. Within our international consumer P&C business, our Personal Lines division had an exceptional quarter with constant dollar growth of 47%, led by Asia and Latin America. By the way, the modest increase in Overseas General's ex-CAT current accident year combined ratio this quarter was primarily due to the consolidation of our China business. 
 In our international life insurance business, which is overwhelmingly Asia, premium and deposits were up over 50% in constant dollar, with strong contributions from Taiwan, Hong Kong, China and Korea. Excluding Huatai Life, premiums and deposits were up over 10%. Depending on the country, growth was driven by tied agency, brokerage and direct marketing distribution channels. Lastly, Global Re had a strong quarter with premium growth of almost 30% and a combined ratio of 76.9%. We allocate incrementally more CAT capacity to our reinsurance business and grew both our CAT excess and risk property portfolios, in particular, this quarter. 
 In summary, we had an excellent quarter and start to the year. We remain well positioned to continue producing outstanding results through the balance of the year and beyond. We remain confident in our ability to continue growing operating earnings at a rapid pace through P&C revenue growth and underwriting margins, investment income and lifing. 
 Now I'm going to turn it over to Peter and then we're going to come back, and we're going to take your questions. 
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan. As you all just heard, we continue to build on the momentum of our record 2023 year with strong growth in top line and earnings per share this quarter. We continue to effectively manage our balance sheet and ended the quarter in a strong financial position, including book value that exceeded $60 billion in cash and invested assets of $143 billion, each topping last quarter's all-time highs. Adjusted operating cash flow was $3.6 billion. There were 2 onetime earnings items this quarter that I would like to touch on. First, we recognized an incremental $55 million deferred tax benefit related to the new 2023 Bermuda corporate income tax law. This resulted from finalizing our review of 2 smaller subsidiaries since last quarter. We don't expect additional deferred tax gains related to this law going forward.
 Second, there was a contribution made to the Chubb Foundation, charitable foundation of $30 million pretax or $24 million after tax. These items provided a net benefit of $0.08 per share. Additionally, there were 2 other noteworthy items in the quarter. In March, we issued $1 billion of 10-year debt to retire existing debt due to retire -- mature in May 2024. Lastly, we closed on an additional 9% of shares of Huatai that brought our ownership interest of 85.5%. This leaves the last tranche of less than 1% of outstanding Huatai shares remaining to close. During the quarter, book and tangible book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased 2.2% and 2.9%, respectively, from December 31, driven by strong operating results partially offset by $350 million in dividends and $316 million in share repurchases in the quarter.
 Turning to investments. Our A-rated portfolio produced adjusted net investment income of $1.48 billion, slightly beating our guidance of $1.45 billion. We expect our adjusted net investment income to have a run rate of approximately $1.5 billion to $1.52 billion next quarter and to go up from there.
 Turning to underwriting results. The quarter included pretax catastrophe losses of $435 million, which is modestly lower relative to prior year and is principally from winter storms and other weather-related events in the U.S. Prior period development in the quarter in our active companies was a positive $216 million pretax with favorable development of $311 million in short tail lines, primarily from property and credit-related lines, and $95 million of unfavorable development in long tail lines, which was primarily from excess casualty and was within our range of expectations.
 Our corporate runoff portfolio had unfavorable development of $9 million pretax. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 84%. Our reported core effective tax rate was 15.2% or 17.3% for the quarter, excluding the update to our Bermuda tax benefit. As I've said before, our first quarter tax rate also tends to be the lowest of the year, due to certain tax benefits associated with equity award vesting and stock option exercises. We continue to expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for the full year to be in the range of 18.75% to 19.25%. 
 I'll now turn the call back over to Karen. 
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take the questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  
 Your first question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: First question. Evan, I just wanted to maybe get a little bit more detail on the $95 million of unfavorable reserve development on the long tail lines that you guys took this quarter? And maybe just unpack that a little bit more would be helpful. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Look, we recognized over $200 million of reserve releases, so to give perspective. And that included adverse development of $95 million in North America commercial lines long tail. It was not concentrated in any one period, it was spread out from '16 forward. It was predominantly large account excess casualty, auto related in areas we've discussed. Trucking, logistics companies, companies with large commercial fleets and it's the business we've been addressing in terms of rate and underwriting actions and in that case, think retentions.
 And our loss picks that reflect our action. The -- in fact, when we talk about that we gave you color around that we had this large LPT that was larger than usual. And then we offset to a degree by the underwriting actions that we've been taking. You heard it all last quarter. It will run 2 or more -- maybe 2 more quarters. That's all related back to the same business as you know. So there's the mental model. The development was not a surprise because we continually track actual versus expected activity for all product lines. And we had continued to observe higher-than-expected loss activity for this business. So we study it more deeply this quarter. And we took as we always will. We took the bad news and we are slow to recognize good news, no different than I said last quarter, our reserves are really strong. 
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then I did notice that the commercial casualty net premium written growth accelerated during the quarter and you mentioned -- you also mentioned the rate increases accelerated a little bit in the quarter as well in commercial casualty. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about balancing all the elevated uncertainty in the environment with leaning into growth, which it seems like you guys are doing a little bit? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the growth is coming. It wasn't a little bit. It was a step change in the rate we got exceeded loss costs, let alone pricing, which includes exposure change. And that is what contributed substantially to the growth. We grew exposure as well, particularly in our middle market long-tail business. 
 Though there was some growth in particular lines in large accounts as well where the pricing -- the vast majority of our book is adequately priced in casualty, and we're getting rate that recognizes loss cost trend, and so we maintain the adequacy. And then the stress classes, which need rate to hit our target combined ratios. That's where rate has accelerated in the market, and we -- because the market is also reacting, we're able to achieve and grow the business to a degree. Otherwise, we get the rate, like the business. And there were 1 or 2 classes where that's occurring. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. 
Michael Zaremski: On the topic of social inflation, I think, I'm assuming when we think about the social inflation that the main way to tackle it is risk selection and pricing, et cetera. But I recall in your shareholder letter, Evan, you talked about working or maybe you can elaborate, you and others have talked about kind of -- it sounds like a more concerted effort to lobby efforts or to maybe state by state see if there could be some reforms. And so just curious if you could elaborate if there's anything changing there in terms of what Chubb or the industry is doing to maybe tackle it from the back end or... 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. First of all, our loss picks reflect the reality of the environment, the inflation we observe. And that includes any actions as we know them to be that might ameliorate it around tort reform. Tort reform is going to be a long-term never-ending process. As you say, it's not going to be federal. State by state, it could be county by county, depending. And it depends on the class of business as to the kind of reform that's required to bend that curve and loss cost. The insurance industry can support tort reform and does. The insurance industry can't particularly lead it. We don't have the printing press. This is ultimately paid for by corporate America, and it's paid for by consumers, by the products and the services from corporate America, it's a tax on everybody.
 If you look at it in a clear eye way, we reflect the inflation that we see, whether it comes from social inflation, so-called social inflation, or other causes in the prices and the rates we ultimately charge corporate America to the business. Tort reform comes and there's litigation finance where disclosure laws have to change around that and I mentioned that better. And some states require it, most don't. And it's very simple because it puts in context how sympathetic is the plaintiff. And what are the motives? There's laws around who bears liability, the responsibility, what they call joint and several laws around it. You could be 1% liable, but you're the only one with any money, so they make you 100% responsible financially. 
 There are reasons that, that occurs, but that is also being gamed by the trial bar in how they target cases and how they target companies. It's those sorts of things. The insurance industry is hardly sympathetic. Corporate America needs to do more in this case, and we are all active. A number of companies are active in advocating for reforms, but it's not a magic, it's no silver magic bullet. It's going to take many years and it's going to require more effort than is currently being expended. 
Michael Zaremski: Great. Switching gears, maybe a quicker question on Personal Lines. If I look at kind of what Chubb has said about kind of loss cost inflation in personal lines and appreciating you have a different book than I guess the average of your peers. But you got -- you all have been talking about kind of close to double digit or double-digit loss cost inflation for many years now. It feels like that's been -- some of your peers have caught up to you in terms of, I think, they were underestimating it. But just curious if you can provide any context. Is the loss cost inflation more so coming from weather inflation? Or is it just as much coming from wage inflation? Or just any context unpacking that kind of 10%, 10.5% loss inflation? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, it comes from 3 sources -- or a couple of sources. It comes from frequency of loss and from various perils. It comes from -- and so there you could think weather-related. You can also think water-related. And so the infrastructure impact to housing stock itself. It comes from wage inflation, and it comes from materials, which -- remember, we ensure not the average homeowner, we're ensuring those who are more affluent. And our product is a richer product in terms of how it responds to loss and the position it places you back in following loss. We try to duplicate exactly what you had before the loss, not sort of like it, but we duplicate it. 
 That has an inherent inflation to it as well. And we ensure more complex properties, and we ensure more complex and expensive content. So that may contribute to a degree to a greater amount of inflation than you might see generally across. But we stay on top of it. And we have and we've stayed on top of it in terms of both pricing and the amount of coverage we give to our clients. So they don't fall behind, which for all our homeowners, in shorts, that shows up, yes, in your bill that you get once a year from us, be included. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: When I was looking through your results, I was particularly struck by the growth in the reinsurance lines, seems to have accelerated. And I'm just curious if there is a change in your perspective regarding leading into those market conditions. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Greg, keep in mind, percentages are a funny thing. It's not a big business. It's not a big book of business. We're not a large reinsurer. So the percentage growth, which is very good to see, is off of a relatively small base. So in dollar terms, it's nice. Thank you very much to all our Global Re colleagues, but it's not a large amount. We allocated given the pricing environment and given structure and given underlying pricing and structure of cedent's portfolios. We allocated more -- incrementally, as I said in the opening, more CAT capacity with 2 Global Re, which means they're writing a bit more CAT excess and a bit more property proportional and excess per risk. And it's across the globe where they see favorable conditions. That's predominantly with the CAT results. 
Charles Peters: Okay. Fair enough. I know -- I got to preview this question knowing that I'm probably not going to get a great answer, but I feel like it's appropriate to ask... 
Evan G. Greenberg: You can ask anyway, and you'll get a lousy answer, go ahead. 
Charles Peters: Well, the topic is M&A. I mean, you featured it. You talked about the 1 to 2 points of drag you get on holding excess capital. You mentioned that in your shareholder letter. You're generating great results. I feel like this is a time where we could see you get more active in the market. But maybe you can just talk to us broadly about what you're seeing in the market? Is there a pipeline out there? Or is it -- is there a lot of opportunities? Or give us some perspective if possible. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Greg, I'm at rest. And the results are terrific. We have excess capital for both risk and opportunity. It's earning -- putting money to work at over 6% right now. If you put the capital against our invested asset, it requires certainly a damn good ROE. The cash that we hold is accretive to shareholder returns. And look, we're a global company with a lot of global opportunity and our eyes are always open. But as I said, I'm at rest. Don't hold your breath. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. 
Ryan Tunis: I guess first question, just on financial lines. I think you said that it's quite frankly, dumb. Now that's obviously like a pretty broad set of various lines within financials. I think I heard you say that you're shrinking in mid-market, too. And my perception is that, it was a little bit more disciplined than some of the major accounts. So just curious if you could just take us within financial lines, whether it's account size or D&O excess whatever, like where are folks acting more or less irrationally? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, look, the way to think about this -- don't just think, it behaves differently to a degree in major account than it does in middle market in the cohorts that show up where market competition is irrational. I'm not going to unpack each one of those. But what I'll break down for you is this. You have publicly traded D&O. And whether it's in middle market or it's in large account, there is dumb behavior depending on the cohort. I'm not going to unpack which one of them it is that much transparency, but you see it in large accounts and you see it in publicly traded deal. There is not-for-profit D&O. We write it in both major accounts and we write it in middle market.
 And by the way, we write it in E&S. And there are cohorts where market, we know because we're the largest writers of this business. We know what the experience is, what the real exposures are, where losses are coming from, market and pockets of that important buckets irrational, dumb. Employment practices liability. Again, I'm going to say which cohorts, but market is -- many are very naive and don't understand the trends and the exposures that are driving EPLI and where it's being driven, what states, where law has changed. Is it around? It's not simply wage an hour, now technology impacts it. There are those who have no idea what's catching up to them. 
 And then you have legal changes that are occurring at the federal level that are impacting financial lines. You can see it and it's coming. So the good news about the business is, claims made reveals its secrets pretty quickly that will occur and it is a big company. We got a lot of opportunity in a lot of places. And in some of those areas, we're just not going to follow people off the cliff. It doesn't matter. 
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And a follow-up, just shifting gears. Just curious about priorities in U.S. personal lines. It kind of felt like you had the stuff in California a few years ago that in the past few years, it's sort of been more of a business where you've been focused more on risk selection and growth for good reason. But I mean it looks like it's more than $1 billion of underwriting earnings today. It looks a little underwritten. Just maybe if you could update us on -- yes, like what are the key sets of priorities in terms of managing that business right now? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, key sense of priorities, good question. On one hand, we can continue pushing the envelope and we're impatient about it. On the -- how we define the services and coverage is that a customer in our space are to expect from a great carrier. The kind of resiliency services and engineering services, the kinds of technology that we can use to interface with our customers, give them a better experience. How we can use technology and claims and manage a better and more seamless outcome for them. All of that is wrapped up in how we think about that part of the business. 
 Our clients are CAT exposed. They were in a world where they choose to live where they live and know and make the choice to live where they're more CAT exposed. They will share more risk with us, but we can help them manage that risk on the portion that they share and as well reduce the exposure to loss on the portion we take. It also is allowing us, as we're doing that both through admitted and non-admitted to, in a sense, manufacture, more CAT capacity, which is really part of the ability or fuel to take on more exposure. We have a finite balance sheet. We can't take infinite risk. So we think about it in that regard.
 Our pricing and the rate against exposure from perils continues to improve. We can keep pushing the envelope on how granular we become in terms of risk rating, more cohorts of risk to apply rate and price against. And we're continuing to do that, but we're restless about that. We can be even better at it. That allows us to provide more coverage in areas, think about it, like flood, where we have areas where we're actually leaning in to offer more protection to clients, but be able to manage the portfolio. Maybe that gives you a few. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Evan, just curious, and I'm sure there's some moving parts here, but can you help me kind of square in North America commercial. I'm looking at gross written premiums up a little below 2% and then nets up 9.5%. And have seen your ceded premiums kind of continue to drop the last couple of quarters, is there something going on there? Is it technical? Are you buying less reinsurance? What's going on? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to let John Lupica give this -- it's really coming -- it came this quarter from 2 things. And that LPT, I forget had on an impact on and it distorted the gross in that. 
John Lupica: Yes, Brian, as Evan had noted, we had in that large structured transaction this quarter that produced net written premium with no gross written premium. In addition, we had exited 2 large MGAs or fronted programs that historically pursed a lot of gross with very little net. When you adjust for those 3 items, the gross and net are virtually identical. 
Evan G. Greenberg: That's really... 
John Lupica: That's the same answer on the net to gross ratio. 
Evan G. Greenberg: It's really transactional, not fundamental. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. No change in reinsurance by now, that makes sense. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I just see... 
Brian Meredith: Okay. Excellent. And then, Evan, I may have missed this, but you provided a lot of great kind of pricing rate and trend exposure commentary. But did you give us what the kind of total North America commercial pricing, call it, rate and trend was? And if not, could we get that, you typically provided it? 
Evan G. Greenberg: I did give it to you. Are you asking me to go back and do it again? Do you actually want me to look -- I'll give it to you if you want me to take my notes and do it [indiscernible]. Listen, North America, I said pricing increased 12.8% including in P&C, including rate of 9.4% and exposure change of 3.1%. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And trend? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Loss cost. So we're trending short tail at 6.8% and long tail -- short -- sorry, overall loss cost 6.8%; short-tail, 5.3%; long tail, 7.6%. Yes, this is full service call. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley. 
Jian Huang: Hopefully, I'm not asking anyone to repeat anything. But just a quick question on the -- on your annual shareholder letter, right? You talked about the willingness to pull back on unprofitable lines a demonstration of underwriting discipline, which is kind of really curious as to how to square away that line of thinking with your first quarter results because it seems like the first quarter results continue to demonstrate a lot of strength, a lot of growth. Is the financial line somewhere you're looking at as a... 
Evan G. Greenberg: Hey, you're not listening. Not listening. Did you see that -- so I'm going to interrupt you. Are you really -- financial line, [ frank, ] number one. Number two, I said right upfront in major accounts in certain areas of casualty, where we're taking action. And we saw it last quarter, saw it this quarter and it impacts growth. And then there are other areas growing. Those are 2 that are visible. 
Jian Huang: No, that's... 
Evan G. Greenberg: By the way, look at our 20-year track record over any period of time, where we have shrunk our business, cut businesses in half over periods of time when we couldn't earn an underwriting profit and then triple the math to that. Do you have another question for me? 
Jian Huang: No, I think that's very helpful. Yes, it helps me contextualize things. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Cox: A high-level question. So Chubb produced an 86% combined ratio, which has continued to improve and net investment income contributions to ROEs have gone up. I know there's more bifurcation than ever with respect to pricing adequacy by line of business. But I'm curious when do you think the market will sort of dictate the matching of rate and loss trend versus the excess margin you're generating now? 
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm not sure I understand your question. Sorry. 
Robert Cox: So I'm curious -- yes, I'm just curious when you think basically rate and loss trend will be at similar levels versus rate exceeding loss trend. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I have no idea. It depends on when the market -- and it will never really happen. But I'm seeing you're asking in a very theoretical way. There's something neat in what is a market, so it's always inherently messy. But when typically, when rate and price are adequate or in excess of what's required to earn a reasonable return then the market in time notices and responds and becomes more competitive. And at that time, rate and price stay steady with loss cost. And then the market begins to go soft. And when that part of the cycle happens, it means the rate on price are less than loss cost. And that is not terrible until rate and price versus loss cost is not enough to achieve a reasonable return on capital. 
Robert Cox: And maybe just a follow up on that. Curious if you think that with data and analytics, these cycles are becoming less volatile over time. 
Evan G. Greenberg: In some areas, yes. Some areas, absolutely not. Because the loss cost environment, which data and analytics cannot [Technical Difficulty] is not less volatile. When the loss cost environment is more specific i.e., loss cost inflation, then with data and analytics in steady periods like that, then the amplitude of cycles is different. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: I had a question on just your comments on dumb behavior and financial lines. I was wondering if you could talk about who it is that you're seeing being undisciplined. Is it companies that are established, that are large peers in the market? Or smaller competitors, new money that's come in, just some color on who's driving because it's been going on for a while, so. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Next question, Jimmy. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Not going to comment? All right. 
Evan G. Greenberg: No. 
Jamminder Bhullar: So -- and then on cash, there's been a lot of talk about post -- or pre-COVID, you're starting to emerge negatively and a few companies have seen post-COVID adverse development as well. So any comments you can make on your view of casualty reserves overall for the industry and for your own book? 
Evan G. Greenberg: We did expect a change of loss cost pattern frequency in particular. And we have talked about it during COVID that we didn't take the head fakes that loss costs during shutdown, obviously, courts are closed, frequency plummets and as does severity. And at that time, we maintained our view. We saw right through it and said, trends aren't changing, so we continue to trend. It's just a question of reporting on what period does it get reported in? So we expected that the trend doesn't change, but the reporting pattern changes. So therefore, if you really want to look at it in a correct way, you'd say, it went down during COVID to reaccelerate after COVID and then the expected cohorts of claims in aggregate still appear, and that's what we've seen. The pattern post COVID is not out of line with our expectations in our pricing and loss picks. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And just for Peter, what do you expect your tax -- do you expect a change in your tax rate next year given what's the changes in Bermuda? And to the extent you can quantify the expected tax rate. 
Peter Enns: For next year and after, it's just too early to say. There's too many moving parts in terms of how the different countries are going to adopt and we're looking at it closely, but it's just too early to say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cave Montazeri with Deutsche Bank. 
Cave Montazeri: There was nothing called out this quarter with regards to the Baltimore bridge losses? I appreciate it's early days, but is there any color worth sharing with us on this topic? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Our policy is, we do not report on individual claims, but I've noticed a lot of commentary on this. Look, it's a tragedy that an accident like this occurs, and it's done a lot of damage. However, when it comes to Chubb, it's another large loss. There is nothing -- yes, of course, we have exposure, but the exposure is within what we would contemplate and there's nothing outsize to us. And so another large unfortunate claim, that's all there is to it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Evan, I was hoping you could just provide some more color on what drove the sequential acceleration in exposure growth that you pointed to within Property Casualty as well as within workers' comp? 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, what I said, Elyse, thank you, is the premium growth because we don't really disclose exposure, but the premium growth came from, a substantial portion of it came from rate and price, which were very healthy across the portfolio. Property grew nicely. Property was our biggest growth area. Casualty grew, particularly in our middle market area and E&S. And rate and price had a substantial contribution to the growth, though we also grew new business where pricing versus loss cost is healthy to us. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up, you highlighted some planned reunderwriting within North America commercial. I believe you had also told us about that last quarter, and it sounds like we'll have that work through for the next couple of quarters. So is it right way to think about, I guess, the growth in North America commercial ex the LPT and just the reunderwriting as kind of the baseline of growth for the year. I know you don't like to guide, but you seem pretty positive about just casualty pricing and things like that, just trying to pull it all together. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm not going to help you with your worksheet, I'm sorry, Elyse. I don't guide. We don't guide growth for the year. What we did tell you is excluding the LPT, excluding the unusual size of the LPT because we have LPTs virtually every quarter. But excluding the unusual size of it, and what we view as the unusual, the onetime underwriting action in large account that I described, the net of that, we gave you a growth rate, and we said that's the underlying growth rate for that quarter. That is not -- we didn't say that's a run rate for the year. This is a diversified commercial and personal property casualty book of business. And you're hardly -- we don't give guidance on growth for the year. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our December 31, 2023 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risk and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. And then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had an outstanding quarter and finish to the year, in fact a record year. Our quarter’s results included double digit premium growth, record P&C underwriting and investment income and strong life operating income, all leading to exceptional operating earnings on both the per share and dollar basis. Our results, both earnings and book value related were also positively impacted in a significant way, by a one-time deferred tax benefit related to Bermuda’s new income tax law.  While the quarters results are impressive and important, the full year results that really matters most. All things being equal, one quarter hardly tells a story. Our full year results were simply stunning. Core operating income top $9.3 billion, up 45% or $8.2 billion, excluding the tax benefit, up 28%. P&C underwriting income was a record $5.5 billion, with a combined ratio of 86.5% and investment income was up 33% and top $5.3 billion. As you can see, the balance between underwriting income and investment income was about 50-50, a very healthy balance. Life income was over $1 billion, while consolidated premium revenue growth was 13.5% for the year.  For the year, our core operating ROE was 15.4%. And our return on tangible was 24.2%. Tax benefit contributed, so excluding that our core operating ROE was 13.6%, and our tangible ROE was 21.6%. Excellent numbers.  Finally, for the year, per share of book intangible book value each group by over 20%. All divisions of the company in major geographies contributed to these outstanding results last year. And I want to congratulate and thank my colleagues around the globe. Our results speak to the global nature of this organization, which is one of the things that distinguishes Chubb.  Our fundamentals are very strong, in the quarter itself was simply a continuation of the year. For the quarter for operating income was $2.3 billion, excluding the tax benefit, or $5.54 per share, up 36% and 39% respectively. The one-time tax benefit then added $1.1 billion or $2.76 a share. Our underwriting performance in the quarter was a result of stronger earned premium growth, excellent underwriting margins with the published combined ratio of 85.5% and a current action at year of 84.3%. We had strong prior period reserve developments in both North America and Overseas General and relatively light CAT losses. P&C underwriting income for the quarter was $1.5 billion.  Our prior year reserve development in the quarter and for the year was $177 million and $773 million, respectively, which speaks to the consistent strength of our loss reserves. At year end, our loss reserves were in an exceptionally strong position, as strong as they have ever been.  On the invested asset side, record adjusted net investment income of $1.5 billion was up $369 million, with 33% over prior year. Our portfolio yield at the end of the year was 4.3% versus 3.6% a year ago, and our reinvestment rate is currently averaging 5.3%. We have very strong liquidity and our investment income run rate continues to grow, as we reinvest our cash flow at higher rates. Peter will have more to say about financial items.  Now turning to growth, pricing and the rate environment. Consolidated net written premiums for the company increased over 13% in the quarter, with P&C up 12.5% and life up 20%. Of the P&C 12.5%, consumer loan lines were up 20% and commercial P&C was up 10%, which is in fact stronger than the full year average of 8.6%. Our premium revenue growth in the quarter was well spread globally. And from a broader perspective, for the full year, growth was 13.5%, with P&C uptown and life up 52%. Again Chubb is a globally diversified company. And our growth last year demonstrates the broad base nature of our operations.  North America, commercial P&C, a very large and important business, representing 40% of the company, grew 7.5%. The balance of the company, the other 60% grew 18%. U.S. high net-worth personal lines grew 11%. International consumer P&C grew 18%, international commercial P&C grew over 11%, and life grew 52%.  In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, the pattern was the same, as we have experienced all year, price increases in the quarter, and property and casualty lines exceeded loss costs in both North America and our International division. While globally, rates and prices continued to decrease in financial lines led by D&O.  Getting to the detail for the quarter and beginning with North America. Premiums were up 9.4% or 6.2%, excluding agriculture. Consisted of growth of 12.1% in personal insurance, and 4.4% in commercial insurance. Within the 4.4% P&C lines were up 6.3% and financial lines were down 2.1%. Unpacking the 4.4%, which was obviously slower than previous quarters, first, our middle market division had another strong quarter, with P&C premiums up 9.8%, while financial lines were essentially flat. Our E&S business had a strong quarter with growth of 16% in our wholesale brokerage lives. On the other hand, our divisions which serves large corporates, major accounts grew only 1.4%. Growth in Major was adversely impacted by about 7.5 points, or $125 million of premium from underwriting actions, we plan for and took in a segment of our primary and excess casualty business.  One-half of the reduction in premium was the result of increased client retentions, with the balance due to loss business. For clarity, these actions in fact, contribute to future growth in underwriting income.  Regarding future, North America commercial growth, as we said in the press release, given current market conditions and our capabilities across all segments of commercial P&C, including large accounts. E&S and middle market, we fully expect to return to more robust growth, beginning with the first quarter. Overall pricing for total North America commercial increased 7.3%, including rate of 5.1%. An exposure change that acts like rate of 2.1%.  Let me provide a bit more color around rates and pricing. Pricing for commercial property and casualty was strong. Up 12.4%, property pricing was up 17.3, with rates up 12.9 and exposure change of 3.9. Casualty pricing in North America was up 12.4%, with rates of 10.8% and exposure of 1.4%. And workers comp, which includes both primary and large account risk management, pricing was up 4.6%, with rates of 1.1% and exposure up 3.5%. We are trending loss costs in North America at 6.6%, with short tail classes at 5.5% and long tail excluding comp at 7.3%. We are trending our first dollar workers comp book at 4.6%.  For financial lines, the underwriting environment remains aggressive, particularly Indiana, and rates continue to decline. We know this business extremely well, at our trading growth for underwriting margin, at income, where we need to. In the quarter rates and pricing from North America financial lines in aggregate were down 6.1% and 5.5% respectively. We are trending financial lines loss costs at 5.1%.  For our agriculture business, late season, drought related developments in crop insurance, resulted in an elevated combined ratio for the quarter in the year. For context, we published a 95.4% combined ratio for the year and earned an underwriting profit of $146 million. Similar to the previous year’s result. Crop insurance is a CAT like business, by its nature vulnerable to weather volatility, but with very good risk reward dynamics if managed well. Crop insurance has been a great business for Chubb. Rain and Hail is an amazing company, and since acquiring them in 2010, for about $1.1 billion, we burned almost $2 billion in operating profit with an IRR of 26%.  On the consumer side of North America, our high net-worth personal lines business had a simply outstanding quarter and year. In the quarter, premiums were up over 12% and new business growth was up 34%. There is a continued flight through our product, service and capability. We are the gold standard period. Again for the year the business grew almost 11% and published a combined ratio of 89.7% or 80.1% on a current accident year ex-cat basis. In our homeowner’s business, we achieved pricing of 17% in the quarter, while our selected loss costs trend remains steady, 10.5%.  Turning to our international general insurance operations, which had an outstanding quarter. Net premiums were 19.3% and the combined ratio was 85.9%. Our international commercial business grew 13.2%, while consumer was up 29.5%. For the year, Overseas General grew 14%. And our international business growth this quarter was broad base, with all major regions producing double digit growth, again, illustrating the global nature of the company. Asia led the way with premiums up 37%, made up of commercial lines growth of 21% and consumer up 56%.  Europe and Latin America had very strong quarters as well, with growth of 15.5% above for both. We continue to achieve improved rate to exposure across our international commercial portfolio. With pricing in our retail business up over 7%, Property and casualty line pricing was up over 10%, while financial lines pricing was down about 2%. Loss cost inflation across our international retail commercial portfolio is trending at 5.8%. The P&C lines trending 6% and financial lines trending 4.9%. Within our international consumer P&C business, our A&H and personal lines divisions, both had strong quarters, and for the year, their growth was 14.4% and 21.4%, respectively. Growth again was led by Asia. In our international life insurance business, which is basically Asia, premiums were up 26%. For the year, we reported life income of just over $1 billion or about $950 million, adjusting for some non-recurring items.  So in summary, we had a simply outstanding quarter, contributing to another record setting year and we are well positioned, to continue producing outstanding results going forward. Underwriting conditions overall are favorable, though they vary by business and geography. It’s an underwriters market, and that's what we are. We have hit the ground running in ’24, and while we are in the risk business, and volatility is a feature of that, we are confident in our ability to continue growing operating earnings at a double digit pace, through P&C revenue growth and underwriting margins, investment income, life income.  Now I’ll turning the call over to Peter, and then we're going to come back, to take your questions. 
Peter Enns: Good morning. As you've just heard from Evan, our strong performance continued into the fourth quarter. And we ended the year with record results in all three sources of earnings. P&C underwriting income, investment, income, and life income. Additionally, our book value of nearly $60 billion and book value per share of $146.83 were both all-time highs.  Before I go into further detail on our results, I want to touch on the $1.14 billion, onetime deferred tax benefit recognized in the quarter. This tax benefit is a result of the Bermuda corporate income tax law enacted in December, which requires a one-time step up of the tax basis for assets in Bermuda to fair value. This one-time benefit represents a permanent increase to book value and tangible book value, and will be realized over a 10-year period starting in 2025. Please refer to Page 1b in the financial supplement for the impact of this benefit on our key metrics.  During the quarter per share book and tangible book value increased 12.2% and 20.2%, excluding the tax benefit. This increase reflects strong operating results and net realized and unrealized gains of $4.9 billion in our investment portfolio due to declining interest rates, partially offset by $1.1 billion of dividends and share repurchases. For the full year book and tangible book value per share increased 18.2% and 17.5%, excluding the tax benefit. The increase also included the diluted impact on the tangible equity related to Huatai consolidation on July 1, which has since been fully recovered.  Turning to investments our portfolio grew over 20% since last year, reaching $137 billion at year end and benefiting from record full year adjusted operating cash flows of $12.2 billion and the addition of the Huatai portfolio of approximately $7 billion net to Chubb. In addition, we experienced unrealized gains on our portfolio during the year of $3.1 million which again highlights the transient nature of these mark-to-market movements for a high-quality fixed income portfolio. This year, we continue to take advantage of an attractive interest rate environment, raising our portfolio yield to 4.3%, our highest since the third quarter of 2011. Our adjusted net investment income of $1.49 billion in the quarter included approximately $55 million of higher-than-normal dividend income and private equity distributions. Looking at, we expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to have a run rate of approximately $1.45 billion and to go up from there. Turning to our underwriting business. For the quarter, we had pretax catastrophe losses of $300 million, principally from weather-related events, split 54% in the U.S. and 46% internationally. Prior period development in the quarter in our active businesses was a favorable $323 million pretax, with 81% in short tail lines predominantly from property and 19% in long tail lines. Our corporate runoff lines had adverse development of $146 million pretax, including $99 million asbestos related. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the year was 87%. Our reported effective tax rate was favorably impacted by the Bermuda deferred tax benefit mentioned earlier. Excluding the tax benefit, our core operating effective tax rate would have been 17% for the quarter and 18.2% for the year, slightly below our guided range, reflecting higher income in some low tax jurisdictions as well as the impact of certain employee-related benefits due to rising equity markets. We expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for calendar 2024 to be in the range of 18.75% to 19.25%.  I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer : Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Mike Zaremski : Hey, good morning. Thanks. Maybe a first question on loss cost trend. We always appreciate all the granular color you gave. So in North America, it looks like short-tail loss trend came down a little bit, whereas the long-tail loss cost trend just inched up a little bit higher. And I feel on the -- if I look back over longer periods of time, the long-tail loss trend has -- I guess, directionally been inching higher for years now, I guess, ex the onset of the pandemic potentially.  But just curious, the underwriting result is excellent. Very clear that you feel like this is a good underwriting environment. What gives you comfort that if the long-tail loss inflation continues kind of inching higher that it is still a great underwriting environment in the year to come?
Evan Greenberg: Well, there's no certainty guaranteed. But, our loss cost trend in casualty, when I look at it, has been reasonably steady over the year. And you'll say it inched up really more on mix of business than anything else when I look at the individual cohorts. That's the vast majority, and it's not a material change. So -- and we have a lot of visibility on loss cost. There are some pockets that have been more elevated over the last number of years. It's nothing new. We have spoken about it continuously. But overall, I think casualty loss cost tracks while they are elevated due to the external environment, as we understand it to be, is reasonably steady elevated. And so that's what gives me a lot of confidence about it.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful color. Lastly, my follow-up, with the -- with great earnings levels, maybe Peter or Evan, you can update us on the drag from excess capital and whether we should be just kind of continuing to deploy a mix of it into to buybacks and then hoarding some for opportunistic M&A, if there's really no change to that.
Evan Greenberg: So we had disclosed, I think, on the last call, the drag by showing the difference in reported ROE. I would say it's up somewhat from there, just reflecting a combination of new S&P models and some other factors. But it's somewhat above -- modestly above what we reported last quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
David Motemaden : Hi, thanks. Good morning. I just had a question around some of the moving pieces on the reserve releases in North America commercial. And if there was any impact from some of the corrective actions on reserves?
Evan Greenberg: There was no connection in the reserve changes to the underwriting actions that I flagged in my commentary, and that was in the press release. And by the way, there was another question. So I've noticed was our loss ratio in the quarter impacted by those changes.  No. I'll remind everyone loss ratio is based on earned premium, not written premium. And so any benefit we might see, which is very, very modest. Look at the size of our commercial business. We're talking about premium impact of $125 million. So you think of the loss ratio impact from it, very minor, but still it contributes. And wherever you see something that is a price right, we're structured, right. It's axiomatic P&C. You address it.
David Motemaden : Great. Okay. That's helpful. And I appreciate that on the go-forward impact. And then I guess, just my follow-up question, just on the growth in North America commercial on your expectations for 2024. Wondering maybe if you could just talk, I saw the casualty rates ticked up nicely in the quarter, but overall rate is down. I guess -- would you expect growth, if I were to look at 2023, 7.5% growth in North America commercial. Would you think the environment is good enough to produce higher growth than that or lower growth? Or I guess, how are you thinking about it for 2024?
Evan Greenberg: David, nice try. I don't give guidance as you know around any of that. The 7.5% is an interesting. You look at the growth rate prior to the fourth quarter action, it was more robust than that. And our thinking starts from there. And then you think about -- when you said about the rate action, yes, casualty was better. Property on the short-tail classes were therefore down a little bit, but I got strong double-digit growth in the property-related lines, rate and pricing, which is keeping pace with values. That's what that exposure changes. It's about keeping pace with values. And so it's a well-priced business and a well-priced book and you're getting rate on rate on rate. So of course, that's going to slow down but the underwriting environment for it and the rate to exposure, the risk reward is quite good. If you have the balance sheet and you have the ability to take on the exposure and the confidence as we do. I feel very good about North America as we go forward. So well underwritten business.
David Motemaden : Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Gregory Peters: Well, good morning. In the press release and your comments, then you mentioned the fact that Chubb's loss reserves are as strong as they've ever been. So I'm curious what metrics you're looking at to make that determination. And the reason why I guess I'm asking is, I've kind of considered Chubb to always have strong reserves. So what's -- is there something that's changed inside your reserving philosophy or structure that gives you confidence that they're better now than they have been in previous years?
Evan Greenberg: No, nothing has changed in that regard. You go through different underwriting environment. And the loss cost that is earned in over the years. I look at the mix of business, I look at our data and insight as the company has grown. And frankly, I just say all the loss reserve studies we do and then independently reviewed by external actuaries and by auditors. And I look at the end result and the strength of it. And it's a very simple statement to make. When I look back and track it over years that our reserves are as strong and as robust as we have ever seen.
Gregory Peters: Okay. And then another calls out, you talked about the large account excess casualty business. And I know you provided some color on your comments. So just looking for a little bit more detail. There's obviously been noise in the market about casualty and maybe the success casualty is one of the sensitive subjects that's hitting the marketplace. But any additional color there would be helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Sure, Greg. If you look back over time, some of the things that I have said, and I'm going to repeat them because I think they maybe to some degree for some people to go in one ear and out the other, and then there are moments where it really sticks. When you look at the external litigation environment, the target, first and foremost, is corporate America. Not small business, not midsized business, but larger business. There's a general attitude among segments of the population against corporations. Trial bar like Willy Sutton, if they're going to ask them, "Why do you rob banks?" he said, because that's where the money is. And so they go after large corporations. Number two.  Number three, we know there has been a trend of increased frequency of severity which hits both primary but excess casualty. Nothing new, I've been talking about it for quite some time. And then there's a lot of visibility that particularly acute in exposure that has wheels, anything with wheels. It could be logistics companies, trucking, companies anybody who's got fleet and the larger the vehicles in the fleet, the more of a target, it is and has been. That's what you're -- that story has continued. And there's been inflation in both frequency and severity in that, nothing new. And that is the theme in large accounts. And it's pretty focused and directed. It doesn't mean balance of casualty doesn't have elevated loss cost, which has been, I just addressed, which has had a lot of visibility and is steady. But it has been more acute in isolated segments.
Gregory Peters: Great. Thanks for the detail. 
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. 
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just I guess, following up with the large account space. So I guess I've always thought about that as a business where you guys had a competitive advantage, not a lot of players that can write the primary casualty, the primary D&O. But it's clearly been a place that's frustrated you more recently. I'm just curious, there's no risk here that any of the actions you're taking could somehow change the significance -- the strategic significance of that franchise several years down the road? Is there?
Evan Greenberg: Oh my God, no. You're overthinking. No. And this is -- you look at the actions that we just flagged, half of it is exposure change and half of it is additional written premium that we lost. Since then, by the way, the market is beginning to catch up at similar actions and no impact to the franchise. It's not like we're wholesale underwriting our book of business. So a very large, very healthy book of business.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then I guess my follow-up is just on the property side… 
Evan Greenberg: I'm sorry, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Sorry, go ahead. Go ahead. Sorry about that.
Evan Greenberg: No, I just editorialize that that's why it gave you an amount of money and told you how it was it just a fraction.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then my follow-up is just on the property side, and I'm thinking more wholesale like Westchester type CAT-exposed property, probably in '23, how are you thinking about the rate adequacy in our business after that huge rate all we got last year?
Evan Greenberg: I think it is radar adequacy is strong. Quite strong. I'm not going to go into any more detail other than to say that and we triangulate it numerous ways, but it's quite strong. From everything we know, all the models and the balance of input and our analysis of the portfolio, hikes of occupancies, geographies it's in, perils it's exposed to, you add it all up. We feel very good about that book of business. If you want to know more, you're going to have to join the company. That was a joke, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. And good morning. Within North American personal, I was hoping you could get an update as to how much of the business that wanted to move to E&S to actually now on E&S paper? And how much opportunity there is for that shift in 2024?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- I'm not going to give you a dollar amount or a data point that way, except that directionally, we are writing more business on E&S. It is growing at a rapid clip. It will continue to. Our preference is always to offer our customer first admitted, but where the states and regulation don't allow us to tailor coverage for those who were exposed in a more outsized way to catastrophes. Remember, affluent people want to live in beautiful places that are right on the edge of civilization in nature, and its more CAT-exposed and where we can't tailor coverage in line with exposure, we'll use it and price it adequately. We use the E&S. And that's what we're doing. But again, I think that -- and I wish it was more flexibility within regulation, within jurisdictions so that we could serve this customer base on an admitted basis versus be forced to E&S to give them what they need and that they want to buy.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. That's very helpful. Second question is sort of the same theme. Within agriculture, at least on the crop side, can you talk about how you can manage through climate change risks where you don't have flexibility in pricing or policy language?
Evan Greenberg: But there's a difference. In agriculture, we have a ton of data. We have a couple of very fundamental advantages. Number one, we can select risk. And so we can determine -- we have to take all commerce. So we can determine what risk to retain and which risk to share with the government. And that's what helps you with this election is what helps you in managing to price adequacy. And the second thing, we have scale. And you only get reimbursed so much of their expenses out of the government program because of our scale and our technology and automation, we operate efficiently. So we limit any expense-related exposure to the company. And that allows us to operate on a favorable risk.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s perfect. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Yaron Kinar : Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Evan, I wanted to follow up on your previous answer with regards to the E&S market and high net worth. And I think you said you would like to have the flexibility of continuing to offer the product in the admitted market. What's the difference from your perspective? Why would you like the admitted market over E&S?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it's customer friendly. And I think just from a customer point of view, they just feel it's easier to place with us. You don't go through -- you have to go through more administrative process to place it on E&S. Remember, there are -- you can't just jump to E&S, you have to be able to leap through admitted market hurdles to get to E&S. And it's simpler and I think for them, from their own point of view, it's more comfortable. Now to keep it in perspective, the vast, vast majority of our portfolio is admitted. And then it's on the margin right now that it is not admitted. But my point is I don't like the trend. More will go on non-admitted climate change continues and states take the wrong action to try to cover up price and deflect price signals and ability to risk share with people who -- out of the well and choose to live in places that are more exposed. And I think there would be more flexibility and recognition of that consumer base and their needs and their desires and not force them to go through all they have to go through to place on [indiscernible].
Yaron Kinar: Makes sense. I appreciate the answer. And then if I could shift gears to China. I think you called out about $100 billion of AUM that are managed in China, mostly third-party capital. Just curious how you're thinking about that book in the face of, I guess, some selling consumer and business sentiment in China and maybe the equity market performance there. How do you go about -- are you making any shift in how you're managing the book with that?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- first of all, let's not think of it as book. It's an asset management business, that $100 billion. We have an asset management company that does retail, does mutual fund and very large institutional money management including state pension money. The vast majority of it is fixed income. We underwrite the credit exposure extremely carefully, you don't chase yield. We do it in a conservative way the way we've been fiduciary managers of our policyholders' money. It's how we treat investors' money. And China is a lower interest rate environment now. Equity market with a lot of volatility, not a lot of confidence in the economic short-term, medium-term future among business and consumer. So it's not the best time to be managing and trying to grow an asset management business. But all of our thinking and plans of that in mind and like everything else, it's a moment in time when the country returns to more rapid growth, when confidence begins to come back because government addresses and manages sentiment and the economy a bit differently than they are today, which I think, over time, they'll be forced to. This is a great franchise to have. And by the way, if you look at its rankings, it's outstanding performance rankings in the marketplace, for its collapse of fixed income. And secondly, in its size relative to other asset managers in China. It's actually -- it's in that upper midsize category. It's a pretty cool asset.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. 
Evan Greenberg: And its capital light. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Bob Huang : Hi, good morning. My first question is regarding your workers' comp business. You mentioned that your loss trend is about 4.6%. Is it possible to maybe unpack that a little bit between severity frequency and as well as wage growth trend? And then are there any severity stress points that we should pay attention to?
Evan Greenberg: No. We're not going to unpack it between frequency and severity. It's running very steady. We recognize a higher medical loss trend. We adjusted for that and disclose that a quarter or two ago. Workers' comp is behaving in a very steady way.
Bob Huang: Okay. Got it. Thank you. My second question kind of is more of a geopolitical risk related question. Obviously, a large portion of your business Overseas, still performing very strong. But it feels like geopolitical risk really hasn't improved so far versus 2023. Is it possible to kind of give an update in terms of how you think about the risk associated in your business in Asia and Europe and how you think about the broader opportunities outside the U.S.?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don't think the geopolitical risk for Europe and our business in the EU. I don't think they have a political risk, geopolitical risk exposure any greater fundamentally than we do in the United States. And so if you're concerned for Europe in a significant way, then you better be concerned right here at home in America. When I get to Asia, I don't believe that the United States and China are going to war. And I think all sides seek a stability. And so while there is OEs tail risk, in Asia related to North Korea, related to Taiwan, in particular, I think it's more risk at this moment around someone making a mistake. By the way, I'm going to leave you with this. The mental model, if there is a conflict in Taiwan, where there is a conflict to do with North Korea, it is hard to believe it will confine itself to a small geography. We then have a major global issue. And I think those were in leadership position on all sides are acutely aware of us and they too, care about their children and their grandchildren.
Bob Huang: Okay, thank you very much for that. Really appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Elyse Greenspan : Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on North America commercial. You guys saw a good level of exiting your loss ratio improvement in the quarter. I was just wondering if there was any prior quarter true-up for the prior quarters of the year or any benefit of favorable non-CAT weather. Or was it just good core underwriting results?
Evan Greenberg: No, there was no true-up current accident year true-up that distorted the quarter whatsoever. It's steady. And the improvement is a combination of change of mix of business, which, frankly, at least, I would think you'd notice that everywhere because it's the more property levered portfolios are lower that current accident year. Ex-CAT is going to become number one. And then number two, beyond mix, it's rate in excess of loss cost across most of the business earning its way through.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then on the tax rate side, Peter, I know you said you gave us guidance for '24. But what about in 2025 when the Bermuda tax rate goes up? How should we think about that impacting the tax rate at Chubb?
Peter Enns: Yes, it's too complicated and early to know in terms of how the Bermuda law will interact with whatever gets adopted at OECD, Switzerland and the U.S., we really don't have any visibility on it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one more for you. In your press release, you pointed to growing operating earnings at a double-digit pace. I'm assuming that's a comment if we adjust for the one-off tax benefit in the quarter that you expect operating earnings can grow double digits in '24. Is that how we should take that comment?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS Financial. Please go ahead. 
Brian Meredith : Yes, thanks. I appreciate. A couple here. Just first, Evan, is this possible to get with the benefit of including Huatai was this quarter on consolidated premiums? I know you gave it last quarter and maybe on the Overseas as we get a sense of kind of the true kind of organic run rate of the business?
Evan Greenberg: I'm sorry, Brian, you're kind of breaking up on. I am not able to hear it. 
Brian Meredith: Huatai, the benefit that, that had of including it in premium growth in the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Huatai had a premium benefit in the quarter. We didn't disclose it. We disclosed it last quarter and said from here, it's just in there. It was from memory, it's just a couple of points. We'll take it offline with you, but it wasn't -- we'll have more color in the 10-K MD&A on a couple of lines.
Brian Meredith: Great. That's helpful. And then my second question, maybe bigger picture here. The trucking business in the U.S., I mean, we continue to see some really bad kind of severity in the long-haul trucking business. Is there any solution to that? Or is it simply just getting enough rate?
Evan Greenberg: No. getting enough rate is -- that's what we have to do. But that doesn't solve the problem for American trucking, which we need a healthy trucking industry. And you certainly want to take the inflation out of shipping rates. And this all contributes, you end up paying for it. It's really a state-by-state solution, and that -- how they -- the amount of awards that are handed out. And by the way, look at simple laws like, who is responsible in a liability event and how it varies by state. There are states where you may have 1% responsibility. And you're the deep pocket, and you are allocated 100% of the cost. There are states that -- where there's a comparative negligence, both parties are at fault and look at how it varies, how they determine who is ultimately adjudicated to pay for the cost. When you look at those right there, you can see a part of the problem that is occurring. Particularly where trucking company is 1% or considered 2% at fault. Again, they're adjudicated 100% of the payment suffering and injury of that individual. That's a state-by-state problem. Look at litigation funding and look at what -- how many states require that you simply disclose who's funding the lawsuit. Because that has an impact on how injury will then view the injured party. They always march out the most sympathetic individual but is it all about sympathy to the individual? Or are they used as a prop to actually get a big payday for somebody who's funding the lawsuit. That's a state by state. And if you were looking for a federal solution, my God, we can't even agree on a budget and we can address the deficit or entitlement spending. Morgan would address this when the trial bar is funding half of Congress.
Brian Meredith: Thanks for the answer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Michael Ward: Thanks. Good morning. I was just curious if you had any kind of commentary around financial lines and in North America. I'm wondering if you have any sort of expectation for pricing to bottom out.
Evan Greenberg: No. I don't have an expectation. I think when all of a lot of that naive hungry capital that is trying to make some money for themselves at the expense of the balance sheets that are funding it, when that all gets tired and loss cost catch-up, which is not far off with the level of pricing being charged, then there'll be an adjustment and Chubb is there, and we're a large writer of the business. And I don't know any boardroom where they wouldn't rather have Chubb all things being equal, handling their D&O. And by the way, another problem that's brewing as you look at the number of mouths to feed that get on a D&O tower right now. And as the losses come, good look, in many instances, I wish the brokers well in collecting from each of those players who now have remarks, because they wrote the business and now they have to pay the claims and they're losing money. But all that happens, we're just -- this is the business. There are pockets of the business that are done at times, and it's just one of those moments fine. We've got plenty else to do.
Michael Ward: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ms. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our September 30, 2023 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risk and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.com -- investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial statement -- supplement. And now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions today are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had another outstanding quarter. Our performance was marked by double-digit global P&C premium growth, world-class P&C underwriting results, including an 88.4% combined ratio, record net investment income, and strong life operating income, all leading to record operating earnings per share. Once again, our premium revenue growth was well spread and broad-based, with excellent results in our commercial and consumer businesses in both our North American and international operations. Our annualized core operating ROE was 13.5%, with a return on tangible equity of 21.2%. Core operating income of $4.95 per share was up 58% over prior year. And for the first nine months, we have produced record operating income of $5.9 billion, or $14.27 per share, up 27.5%. In the quarter, our underwriting performance was driven by a combination of strong earned premium growth, excellent underwriting margins, which included an ex-cat current accident year combined ratio of 84.3%, or 83% excluding agriculture, favorable prior period reserve development in both North America and Overseas General and relatively average cat losses compared to our expected. P&C underwriting income of $1.3 billion was up almost 84%. Our positive reserve development speaks to the strength of our reserves and our reasonably cautious or conservative approach to reserving. As I've said for years, we generally strive to recognize bad news early and are slow to recognize good news. We're in a balance sheet business. Our loss reserves are the most important part of the liability side of our balance sheet. On the asset side, record-adjusted net investment income of $1.4 billion was up $361 million, or 34% over prior year. Our portfolio yield was 4.1% at the end of the third quarter versus 3.4% a year ago, while our reinvestment rate is currently averaging 6.2%. We have very strong liquidity, and our investment income run rate will continue to grow as we reinvest our cash flow at higher rates. We are growing income without a change to our invested asset risk profile. In the quarter, we increased our ownership in Huatai Group to 69.6% and now we're consolidating results, which were accretive to EPS and ROE. Earlier this month, we closed on additional shares and our ownership stands now at over 72%. I expect this to increase further and reach between 83% and 86%. A summary of the financial impact of Huatai is provided for you in the earnings release and the financial supplement. Peter will have more to say about financial items, including cats, prior-period reserve development, investment income, book value, ROE and Huatai. Now, turning to growth, pricing and the rate environment. Consolidated net premiums for the company increased over 9% in the quarter, made up of 8.4% growth in our P&C business globally and about 15% in our Life division. Global P&C premium growth, which excludes agriculture, was 12.3%, with commercial lines up almost 10.5% and consumer lines up about 17.5%. In agriculture, crop premiums were lower than last year due to the timing of when we recognized them. Year-to-date premiums are in fact up modestly. As to the higher combined ratio in agriculture this quarter, we simply recognized a quarter earlier than last year what we think is the likely development for the year based on what we know today about crop conditions and pricing. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, rates and price increases in property and casualty lines, in aggregate, remained strong in the quarter in both North America and our international divisions, while decreases in financial lines in North America continued. We remain vigilant and diligent about staying on top of loss cost inflation. Beginning with North America, commercial premiums, excluding agriculture, were up 8.7%. P&C growth was 10.5%, excluding financial lines, which were up 1%. Our very large middle market division had its best quarter of the year with premium growth of 16.3% and middle market financial lines up 1.5%. Our major accounts and specialty division grew 7.2% with P&C up 8.4% and financial lines flat. Overall, pricing for total North America commercial increased 9.3%, including rate of 5.9% and exposure change that acts like rate of 3.2%. Let me provide a bit more color around rates and pricing. Pricing for commercial property and casualty was up 13.9%. Property pricing was up 23%, with rates up 16.6% and exposure change of 5.5%. Casualty pricing in North America was up 11%, with rates up 8.7% and exposure up 2%. In workers' comp, which includes both primary comp and large account risk management, pricing was up 5.5%, with rates essentially flat and exposure up 6%. We are trending loss costs in North America at 6.7%, same as last quarter. And again, that compares to pricing of 9.3%. In general, we're trending loss costs in short tail classes at 5.8%. And long tail, excluding workers' comp, loss costs are trending at 7.1%, and our first dollar workers' comp book is trending at 4.7%. For financial lines, the underwriting environment remains aggressive, particularly in D&O. Rates have continued to decline. In the quarter, rates and pricing for North America financial lines, in aggregate, were down 4.8% and 3.8%, respectively. We're trending financial lines loss costs at 4.7%. Renewal retention for our commercial businesses in North America was 92.7%, and our new business grew 14%. On the consumer side, our high-net-worth personal lines business had another excellent quarter, with premiums up over 9.5%, with strong retention and new business growth. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of 15%, while our selected loss cost trend was similar to last quarter at 10.5%. Turning to our international general insurance operations. Net premiums were up about 21.5%, and this includes a 7.5% contribution to growth from the Huatai consolidation. Our international commercial business grew 17.5%, while consumer was up 28.4%. In our international retail business, growth was broad-based with all major regions producing double-digit growth. Latin America led the way this quarter with premiums up 23%, made up of commercial lines growth of 16% and consumer up more than 28%. Europe and Asia Pac had strong orders with growth of 14.2% and 10.2%, respectively. We continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our international commercial portfolio, with pricing up 9.3%, rates up 5.7%, and exposure change of 3.4%. Property and casualty lines, pricing was up 11.7%, with rates up 7.1% and exposure up 4.3%. While financial lines pricing was up 2.3%. Loss cost inflation across our international commercial portfolio remains steady from last quarter, trending at 6.6%. Within our international consumer, our A&H and personal lines divisions both had strong quarters, with premiums up 16.5% and over 40%, respectively. Personal lines growth in Latin America rebounded sharply with premiums up 43% on the back of growth in our Mexican auto portfolio where we're taking significant rate actions to reflect the loss cost environment. In our international life business, which is almost entirely Asia, premiums were up nearly 20%, including the impact of the Huatai consolidation. Life segment income was up nearly 15%, $288 million. In summary, we had a simply outstanding quarter, contributing to outstanding year-to-date results. We are growing exposure in a thoughtful and balanced way, mindful of risk environment and underwriting conditions, which are favorable in many areas of our business. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to continue growing revenue and operating earnings globally, which in turn drive EPS through the three engines of P&C underwriting income, investment income, life income. I'm going to turn this call over to Peter, and then I'm going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning. First, I want to note that we completed our first quarter with Huatai Group as a consolidated subsidiary. The results of Huatai are reported at 100% within our financials, with only certain key metrics reported at the company's 69.6% ownership interest, including consolidated core operating and net income, book and tangible book value, and ROE measures. Turning to our results, Chubb reached two milestones this quarter: invested assets reached $130 billion, and adjusted net investment income topped $1.4 billion. Operating cash flow was a record $4.7 billion, reflecting our record investment income and strong premium collections. During the quarter, Moody's affirmed and moved our outlook from stable to positive. And as you know, S&P affirmed our groups rating with stable outlook earlier this year. Core operating ROE on a deployed capital basis is approximately 15.5% and the related operating return on tangible equity is approximately 27%. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased 2.6% and 7% for the quarter and year-to-date, respectively, reflecting outstanding results for both periods. Tangible book value per share, excluding AOCI, decreased 4.2% for the quarter with 7.5 percentage points coming from the dilutive impact of consolidating Huatai. With the consolidation on July 1, Chubb had additional goodwill and intangibles of $3.5 billion pre-tax. In Q3, we already earned back almost two-thirds of that amount and expect to earn back the rest within this current fourth quarter. Huatai had a modest impact on results this quarter in line with expectations, adding $0.12 or 2.5% to core operating income per share, third of which related to the favorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments in the quarter, which will decline over the next year. As previously noted, adjusted net investment income for the quarter was a record $1.415 billion or $140 million above the top end of our guidance, of which $100 million is related to Huatai, which was not included in our prior guidance. In the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted net investment income to be approximately $1.435 billion to $1.45 billion on a recurring basis, including Huatai, and to continue to grow from there. We remain consistent and conservative with our investments, with 83% of our fixed income portfolio rated investment-grade and an overall average credit rating of A. This quarter, we recognized an unrealized loss on our portfolio of $2.2 billion after-tax, reflecting rising interest rates. We also recognized a modest favorable $18 million recovery of expected credit losses net of an immaterial impairment charge in the quarter, which attests to the overall quality of our portfolio. Huatai's investment assets added $12.7 billion gross or $6.4 billion attributable to Chubb to our investment portfolio. With over two decades as a strategic partner with Huatai, we have deep insight into Huatai's portfolio, and it fits well with our overall conservative approach to investing. 87% of Huatai's investment portfolio is fixed income related, and is very high quality, with an average credit rating of A and with 98.5% rated investment-grade. Turning to our underwriting business. For the quarter, we had pre-tax catastrophe losses of $670 million, principally from weather-related events and wildfires in North America. Total catastrophe losses were split: 82% U.S. and 18% internationally. Prior-period development in the quarter in our active businesses was a favorable $261 million pre-tax. The PPD in our active businesses this quarter consisted of $316 million favorable development in short-tail lines and $55 million of unfavorable development in long-tail lines. Our corporate run-off lines had adverse development of $61 million, principally related to environmental exposures. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 73% and was 84% through nine months. This quarter reflects the impact of strong premium growth on reserves and the timing of our crop insurance payments. Our core operating effective income tax rate was 18.8% for the quarter, which is within our guided range of 18.5% to 19% for this year. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Bob Huang: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. My first question is actually on reserving. You obviously talked about recognizing bad news first and good news later. Curious about your thoughts on the recent development. European reinsurers have talked more about the cautionary view on the U.S. casualty reserves. Social inflation has been around for years, but this is clearly something that European reinsures are talking more about now. Just given their recent renewed caution, so to speak, on the U.S. casualty side, are there any adverse trends that you're seeing across the industry that would justify this view? Any specific factors that you would like to call out? Curious about your view on this. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Well, this is hardly a new topic, and I'm not going to really rehash old ground. We've been talking about this for a number of years. So, no, there's nothing new. And just look back on our quarters, look back on what we use for loss cost development. Reinsurers who just simply -- and we've been saying it, they've lagged in recognition. And so, they're just beginning to catch up to it. Welcome [indiscernible]. I really don't know what to add beyond that. There's no news to us. And frankly, I don't think there's really that much news to them. They've just been slow to be willing to recognize it. And when you fall behind on casualty, it's very painful. You got to catch up.
Bob Huang: Okay, got it. That's actually very helpful. My second question is on cyber insurance. There has been a few very notable cyber breaches within consumer sector, casino, gaming, and more recently, a cybersecurity firm also had a pretty serious headline breach. Given Chubb is a industry leader in cyber insurance, curious -- and also given that your recent partnership with SentinelOne, curious about your view on how the recent headline news could impact pricing environment as well as the industry as a whole? And then, how you think about Chubb positioning in cyber insurance going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, cyber is a relatively new line for the industry. It's been around a number of years, but when you view it relative to other lines of business, it's relatively new exposure. And by the way, it's an evolving exposure. The world is more interconnected in everything today, for example, than it even was -- more so than it was three years or five years ago. The world is a hostile environment, geopolitically and from a criminal element point of view. The ability to use cyber as a tool of mischief or worse and for ill-gotten gain is evolving. The tools that those actors use are evolving. At the same time, the industry, and Chubb included, are improving our ability to manage the risk and to underwrite and provide risk management capabilities around these exposures. So, on one hand, the criminal element is gaining more tools. And at the same time, law enforcement and those like our industry are gaining better tools and better insight. It's both. So, it's evolving. It's an active environment from a loss point of view, frequency and severity of loss. And industry pricing and industry coverage has to reflect that. I notice it in some segments of the business where I think there is discipline. And then, there are other segments of the business that I think could use more discipline. And the good news about crop, around crop cyber, unlike, say, casualty, it reveals its secrets quickly. And so, if you're too loose in your underwriting and you're just chasing the market share, you're going to get caught pretty darn quick. And I'll stop right there.
Bob Huang: Thank you very much for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: All right. Good morning, everyone. Well, I assume it's good morning, Evan, unless you're in Singapore or in Europe.
Evan Greenberg: I'm right here in New York City.
Greg Peters: Well, awesome.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you, Greg. Good morning to you as well.
Greg Peters: Yeah. So, I was listening to your comments and you mentioned -- you highlighted the Mexican auto business. You obviously highlighted the success of your North American personal lines business. It feels like we're dealing with a once in a generation hard market in the auto insurance market. And I know you have a specialty business for your personal lines in North America, but I'm wondering if you have any thoughts of branching out into other areas of the market considering all of the dislocations that are occurring there?
Evan Greenberg: In general, personal lines market in North America, that's not a market for us. We don't bring anything to that party. And frankly, I think it is a well-served market. Some would suggest it's over-served. We have a -- not a -- it's pretty big niche, high net worth in the United States, and our capabilities and our insights are just so specially built for that, that we have a real true franchise advantage. We're distinctive, and that's what we look for. When you get outside the United States, general auto -- general market auto and homeowners, it's a commodity business, and most chase it for volume rather than for a decent return on underwriting. We're very selective of how we do it. We constantly search and research environments around the world where it can suit our approach to underwriting and we can bring a distinct advantage to the marketplace and build a franchise of size that has a competitive advantage. For a number of reasons, Mexico is one of those for us where we insure over 2 million autos, and we run a combined ratio that is the envy of the industry.
Greg Peters: Thanks for the color there. I guess, I'm going to pivot to this follow-up question on -- back to the reinsurance business. I think I asked you about this in the previous quarter, but it's just striking to me when I look at your global reinsurance business and I don't see a lot of growth in the top-line. I know you are growing your property exposures, but where there's a lot of rhetoric in the marketplace about where we are with the 1/1 renewals with pricing and reinsurance, I thought I'd ask you about your views on how you think pricing for reinsurance is going to evolve over the next year. If I look at your top-line results, it probably isn't -- probably don't have a favorable view, but throw that out for you to comment on, please.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Greg, last year in the third quarter, so just the level set, there were, as you know, much larger cat events. And so, we collected a lot of reinstatement premium last year in the third quarter that we didn't have those level of cat events this year. So, if you adjust for that, our reinsurance business actually grew in the third quarter by 20%. So, just to level set about that, we're not running away from the reinsurance business. On the other hand, as I have said, I think it's a, for Chubb, it is a better trade to us to grow our insurance property and catastrophe-related exposure than it is to do it through our insurance -- our reinsurance operations. And so, we have put much more capital or taking more exposure on the insurance side where we've got great transparency, we've got great distribution reach, we've got underwriting expertise up and down the food chain from personalized to small commercial to large industrial commercial, the E&S, across North America, across the globe. And so, we're participating heavily and choosing to do it there. On the -- and we'll see what 1/1 produces, and if we like the risk-adjusted returns on a relative basis to insurance, then we would lean in and do more in the property cat area. But it's not -- the money's not burning a hole in our pocket by any means. On the other side, reinsurance casualty, as I just said, look, it's not a new story to us about casualty, and nor to our -- those who run our reinsurance business. They have the insights of Chubb's insurance business. And so, we've been very, very cautious and we've shrunk our market share significantly. If casualty re-improves to a point where it reflects the environment and you can earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return, you'd see us right more there. Other than that, we've got plenty of handles to pull in Chubb, and we remain patient and cautious. It's the only way to outperform in the insurance business, as far as I know, overtime.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the detail.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Thanks, good morning. I just had a question on North America commercial and the growth there. Obviously, the net premium written growth is coming in just as you said it would, Evan, but I'm looking at the gross premium written growth and that decelerated a bit to 3% from 9% last quarter. I'm wondering if you could just walk through some of the moving pieces as to why that decelerated a little bit.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, thanks so much, David. Look, it's pretty simple. It was a couple of non-repeat or one-off fronted or structured deals. So, adjusting for those -- and really like two or three, the gross growth was actually in line, right in line with that. So, there's no underlying trend or broad sort of systemic. It was simply related to a couple of fronting deals.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And then, just on -- Peter had mentioned overall ongoing reserve development still strong on the ongoing business and all in. He had cited $55 million of unfavorable on long-tail lines, which is small, but just wondering if you could just talk about what segments that was focused in and what lines were driving that, and maybe a little bit of detail on what's going on?
Evan Greenberg: It's no -- there's nothing new, no news story about it. It's auto and excess casualty, and it's those years of '17 to '19, maybe a little bit of '16, and that's about it.
David Motemaden: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. This is -- there aren't more words for me to that -- we've all been talking about it, so, for a number of years, and it is -- just continues to develop a bit and we just strive to stay right on top of it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Great. Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Good morning, Evan. I guess I'll ask a question specifically on the North America commercial segment, and it's kind of has to do with, I guess, reserves too, taking off with some of the other questions. But if I just look at year-to-date, and this definitely isn't a Chubb-specific phenomenon, but I'll cite Chubb stats, reserve release levels running, let's just say, 50% below last year, 50% below even Chubb's like historical five years looking at our model. I guess it implies something has changed, And I guess the question we get from investors -- and by the way I'm cognizant the absolute combined ratio is great. But the question we get from investors is, if reserve release levels have changed so much, why haven't loss cost inflation assumptions changed materially? Is that anything you'd like to comment there?
Evan Greenberg: Loss cost inflation, let me tee off of that for a second. I think your mental model may not be exactly right. Loss cost inflation over the last two years and maybe longer, you've watched it step up our disclosed loss cost inflation. And when it steps up, it first impacts your view and therefore your pricing and your loss ratios for your current accident year. You then have to apply it going back on your in-force reserves. But your in-force reserves continue to develop. And as they develop, if they develop with more inflation in the current calendar year than you imagined, and you think it has credibility, then you have to adjust those reserves going back. And then, that informs your inflation factor you're going to use in the current period. And that's why you see inflation as loss cost inflation has evolved over the last few years with the notion of increase of frequency of severity in particular. You had the pandemic and those who I think were smart were careful and didn't imagine that patterns had changed even though you couldn't observe them and kept trending the same. But you trended the same and if inflation was a little worse when you look back on it, then you have to keep adjusting for that. We have produced, what I can tell, $600 million through three quarters or more of prior period reserve, positive development. That's on a trend of a net $800 million. And we've had legacy run-off exposure, asbestos, environmental, molestation, all of that included in that. I think when you look back historically on Chubb, the reserve development is pretty steady and pretty prudent there.
Mike Zaremski: That's very helpful. I appreciate you partially correcting the way I was thinking about it. I guess my quick follow-up is, you've talked more than some of your peers about exposure acting as rates. And maybe it's not fair, but some of your peers say that only some exposure act as rate. I don't know if that's a conversation you want to have or you want to delve into whether you think the vast majority of Chubb-specific exposure really does act as rate more so than others, or anything you want to add there? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: No, I think both comments are consistent. It depends on what line of business you're talking about. And we adjust our exposure, it's adjusted exposure. And therefore, it adjusts to reflect only that portion of the exposure that acts like rate. And that will vary by line, different for general casualty than it is for workers' comp. Different for property, how you look at it -- how you view it. So, the percentages and the ingredients, it varies by line of business. And that's reflected in how we look at it for ourselves and disclose it to you. And then, by the way, depending on the line of business, we also, to make it one step more complicated, but you don't need to worry, we just show you a net of it, we also, there's economic, and then we have insurance adjustments that can take exposure down. We increase retentions of a client in casualty. We increase deductibles in property. That's actually reducing exposure and that adjusts and gets netted.
Mike Zaremski: Very helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, you can go back and chew on that one. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. Just a couple of maybe follow-up questions. On the crop business, was there anything that was -- that triggered the early recognition of the [indiscernible] prices or yields or anything that stuck out for the why the little bit of a change?
Evan Greenberg: No, not really, Paul. We just had better information. By the nature of this growing season, for instance, winter wheat -- you know that in the third quarter, and winter wheat, as an example, is under pressure this year relatively. And so that goes into the loss ratio number. California had storm events and et cetera that revealed losses earlier. So, we just had better data to be able to adjust this year in the quarter than we -- in the third quarter than we did last year where it really emerged very late, I think tail end of harvesting.
Paul Newsome: Okay, that's great. And then different topics, a little bit on the reserve front. [indiscernible] and the other peers are talking about healthcare inflation being a good guy of late and helping out workers' comp reserves, in particular. Are you seeing some of the same effects there as well where the healthcare piece, which crosses all sorts of things in your business, is coming a little bit better than expected?
Evan Greenberg: No. We're -- in fact, we've used, and we -- not this quarter, we had done it in the past. We've reflected on a bit higher medical inflation trend, recognizing that medical inflation overall is more elevated. And what you see in a current period when you're booking an accident year, is only so relevant because comp has a tail to it and medical has a tail to it. And so, you reflect that -- at least here, we reflect that prudently and how we think about medical inflation when we construct our loss picks.
Paul Newsome: Appreciate letting me ask questions. Thanks for the help, as always.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. Real quick for clarification, your commentary about 13.9% pricing increases in North America commercial, that's ex financial lines, right?
Evan Greenberg: Correct.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. So keeping that in mind, it looks like we're seeing strong but sequentially less momentum in property pricing. Is there seasonality to keep in mind? Otherwise, can you shed some light on the competitive environment, writing capacity entering, ability to pass on higher reinsurance costs or, to some extent, more retention of risk by insureds to contain costs?
Evan Greenberg: I don't square with that comment. I believe I gave you like 23% in property. Property pricing remains extremely strong. So, you're seeing something that we're not seeing.
Tracy Benguigui: No doubt. 23% is great. I was just comparing that to 31.5% in the second quarter.
Evan Greenberg: No, it's just -- no, there's nothing. This is volatility [quarter-to-quarter] (ph) depends what we might write a little more in commercial lines versus -- in middle market versus what we wrote in E&S versus what we wrote in major accounts. But on a cohort for cohort, we're not seeing a difference.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Very good. Also real quick, just a follow-up to David's question. Was there any sizable workers' comp offset to the $55 million adverse development you took for long-tail lines?
Evan Greenberg: There was in middle market, workers' comp, not large account workers' comp. This is the quarter that we study middle market.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. But was it large enough where it might have been a larger charge you took in auto and excess liability, you might have seen a nice offset?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not -- we don't come out with parts and pieces, and so, we look at it, we roll it all together. But there was more in auto and excess together on a gross basis, and then there are other lines that are better. And so, you add it all together and it nets.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. First question. So, we're hearing from some executives that they're voicing concern about medical loss environment looking ahead. While it's currently benign, there is a concern that it may be picking up. So, how are you thinking about that with regards to both kind of prior accident year reserves and forward appetite? And honestly, I'll leave it to you whether you want to discuss this on a company basis or what your views are with regards to the industry and how it has to approach this? And maybe even touch on which lines other than workers' comp, that I think we're all aware of, could be most impacted by that shift?
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, I think I just answered it. So, I'll repeat myself. We adjusted our loss picks to reflect in our inflation numbers we use. We adjusted to reflect our view of higher medical inflation already, and we did that a number of quarters ago. And we're steady in the use of that because we already raised it.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And do you think the industry is in a relatively similar position?
Evan Greenberg: I don't underwrite for the industry. So, I don't see what the industry fix. I don't know what each company fix. I can only manage Chubb. If everybody wants to give me their's, I'll find on it, but I don't have much.
Yaron Kinar: Well, I guess I could maybe phrase it a different way. Since you have adjusted for this already, I would think that your pricing is also accordingly adjusted. Are you finding that your prices are still competitive with the industries? Or is the industry still essentially pricing for a lower loss inflation?
Evan Greenberg: I don't see -- you're conflating two things. What people actually charge in the marketplace? And what their loss picks are, what their charge reflects? They may be reflecting the same things I reflect and they're willing to underwrite to 100%. And I'm not. So, I can't take that bait you're putting out there.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Fair enough.
Evan Greenberg: I just don't know what they're each picking for loss cost and then how -- whether they want to underwrite to a 97% or 95%, when at Chubb, we're just not going to do that.
Yaron Kinar: Point taken. Makes sense. The other question I had, North America Commercial, the underlying loss ratio improved year-over-year. Nonetheless, was a bit elevated relative to the first half. Were there any one-offs this quarter or in the first half? Or should we look at the year-to-date as a reasonable run rate?
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, take a step back, if you would, with me for a second. Look at the combined ratios we are putting on, they are world-class. They are unbelievably good. They're believable, because they're real. They are tremendous. North America's loss ratio year-on-year has improved almost half of it from what is a really world-class to begin with. It speaks for itself. These are great combined ratios. And when you look at sequential this or you look at that, I just don't relate to that.
Yaron Kinar: Fair enough. And certainly great combined, no...
Evan Greenberg: It's like -- it's tremendous. And you take that kind of -- those kinds of underwriting margins, you add stronger premium growth to it, you look at what I think is responsible pricing across the portfolio, ex cat for an accident year for insurers right now are going to look lower because everybody is more cat-levered in their pricing -- in their combined ratio because they're writing more property and they're getting the price on -- probably they're writing more property and taking more cat exposure, of course. And the real action to me is, therefore, what's your published combined ratio? Are you charging adequately? And by the way, that includes are you charging adequately for your property and property cat exposure? There'll be volatility quarter-to-quarter, but over a period of time and masked within there, what are you picking for your casualty combined ratios? And how are you underwriting for that? And when you mix the two together, you better be running a pretty darn good current accident year ex cat combined ratio. That's more of the way I would be thinking about this if I was on the outside.
Yaron Kinar: Noted. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Evan. First one, any green shoots at all and maybe the pricing environment for financial lines here? I mean, it's been pretty competitive here for a while. I know that we've talked about the cyber losses coming through. What are you seeing there?
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not seeing. It's pretty -- this industry just has -- does what I think is a pretty dumb stuff at times. And financial lines is a very broad category. It has everything from public D&O to private D&O, non-profit D&O, errors and omissions of all kinds, cyber insurance. So, it's a real dog's breakfast of a lot of different lines. And each one goes to its own drum right now a bit. There are large pockets in there that I think are stable and/or managed adequately or handled decently. Then you have a couple where, my God, the number of MGAs that have pens today and the amount of capacity that proliferates. And by the way, a lot of that capacity coming back to the same balance sheet aggregating back, and you've got this sort of circular firing squad, which we tend to do now and again. It's in those areas that I don't see green shoots. And then the rest behaves reasonably to me. So, I wouldn't lump -- my first message to you, don't lump financial lines altogether. And then secondly, there's a couple of dumb areas.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then my second question, Evan, a little bigger picture here, just thinking about just generally, the general casualty lines here. As you kind of pointed out, really attractive combined ratios that you're printing and in the industry in general. And now we're also looking at long-term interest rates that are, gosh, decade high, right? Are we seeing any weakness at all from a pricing perspective? Do you anticipate that's going to start happening here in the next 12 months, just given the return profile of the business and how attractive it is?
Evan Greenberg: I haven't seen it really, because higher interest rates are also a proxy for loss cost inflation. So, you've got an industry that I think is trying to stay on top of loss cost or has that impetus behind them to stay on top of loss cost in casualty. And other than in workers' comp, it hasn't been totally benign as you well know, and it's been around for a while. So, I think that higher yields are ameliorating. And by the way, if you do the math and you translate the higher yields to what it means to earn the same return, what combined ratio affect you would get to achieve the same return, it's modest in combined ratio relatively, 1 point here, 1 point there, it's not like, wow, I can raise my combined ratio as 5 points to achieve the same 15%, as an example, risk-adjusted return. No, you can't, and we run the math.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Due to time constraints, your final question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi. I wanted to ask about the environment broadly in Asia, across the different countries. And just now that you've scaled up that business in a bigger way with the addition of Huatai being consolidated and so forth. What are you seeing in the environment? Where do you see the growth opportunities looking ahead?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Well, we touched a bunch on it last quarter, and I'm going to just -- it doesn't change in two or three months. So, I'm going to reiterate it a bit to you. We operate in 12 countries in Asia. Half our business is commercial, half is consumer. And the consumer spreads across non-life and life. We're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia easily. And our life and non-life operations work closely together. We have huge digital capabilities that have grown out at dust. And the world is converting in direct response marketing from phone-based to digital to a combination of the two. Our agency operations for distribution, our brokerage operations for distribution, we play up and down the food chain of lower middle market right through to the largest corporate and we segment distribution and product that way. And it is across 12 distinct markets. Asia and North America are the two regions, I think that will have the greatest economic growth potential over the next decade or two. And Asia, get out of China, Asia is very vibrant, very dynamic. North Asia, older population. Southeast Asia with over 700 million people, young populations, and those economies are growing more quickly and they're emerging. Look at Vietnam today. Look even where Indonesia is going today. Singapore, those markets are all -- and Thailand, those markets are so dynamic with a lot of opportunity, but it's hard work. You have to really know those markets, and we've been there for decades. And we have spent the time to build and build and build capability on a local market basis. It's nothing to say you're in Asia. It's where are you in your capability in Thailand or Vietnam or any of these markets. They're distinct and you've got to have local capability, knowledge and a good command and control around underwriting. I'm very energized about what I see for this company over time in Asia. And I think it will continue to represent over time a greater share of our business. Thanks for the question.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Karen Beyer.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited second quarter 2023 earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you’d like to ask a question at that time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, again press star, one. Thank you. It’s now my pleasure to turn today’s call over to Ms. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome to our June 30, 2023 second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix. Actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As I mentioned on our last call, I’m coming to you this quarter from Singapore, our regional headquarters for Asia Pacific. The outlook in Asia for growth across our businesses - commercial P&C, as well as consumer, non-life and life, both short and long term is significant. The region is simply energizing. We have a large organization of talented executives and a strong, diverse capability focused on the execution of a broad set of strategies throughout the region. As you saw in our press release, we had a simply outstanding quarter; in fact, another record quarter performance with double-digit premium revenue and earnings growth as a result of world-class P&C underwriting results that produced an 85.4 combined ratio, record net investment income and a doubling of our life earnings. Our premium revenue growth was so well spread and broad-based, driven by outstanding double-digit growth in our commercial and consumer P&C businesses in both North America and internationally, and over 100% growth in our life business. Our annualized core operating ROE was 13.8 with a return on tangible equity of 21%. Core operating income topped $2 billion, up 14% or 16.5% on a per-share basis. Both were record results. For the first six months, we produced operating earnings of $3.9 billion or $9.32 per share, up 13% and 15.8% respectively. Our underwriting performance resulted from a combination of strong premium growth, excellent current accident year margins with a combined ratio of 83.3, and favorable prior period reserve development particularly in North America.  On the investment side, record adjusted net investment income of $1.2 billion was up $290 million or 31% over prior year. Our portfolio yield is now 4% versus 3.2% a year ago, with our reinvestment rate averaging 5.8%. Our investment income run rate will continue to grow as we reinvest cash flow at higher rates and compound income without changing our risk profile, and then life earnings doubled to $254 million, driven by our business in Asia, which is overwhelmingly supplemental A&H. Peter will have more to say about financial items, including cats, prior period development, investment income, book value and ROE. Now turning to more color around growth, pricing and the rate environment, consolidated net written premiums for the company increased 16.1% in the quarter on a published basis, or 16.8% in constant dollars, made up of 10.5% growth in our P&C business globally and almost 130% in life premiums.  Global P&C premium growth in the quarter was very well balanced and broad-based; in fact, our strongest quarter for growth since the third quarter of ’21. North America, Asia-Pac and Europe all produced double-digit growth. It’s worth noting since 2019, we’ve grown our commercial P&C business by 50%.  In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, rates and price increases in property and casualty lines were strong in the quarter in both North America and internationally, while financial lines globally continued to soften. We have been diligent about staying on top of loss costs and our positive prior year reserve development reflects a steady conservative approach to reserving. Beginning with North America, commercial premiums excluding ag were up 10.5%. P&C growth was 14% excluding financial lines, while financial lines premiums decreased, reflecting the disciplined response to the underwriting environment. Total premium in our E&S business, the Westchester, grew 12%, while our major accounts division grew 14%, or 11% excluding loss portfolio transfers.  In our middle market division, premiums were up 5% with P&C growth of 9%. Our middle market workers comp book was flat and financial lines premiums in middle market declined about 1.5%.  Overall pricing for total North America commercial lines increased 12.8%, including rate of 8.7% and exposure change of 3.8%. Pricing for commercial property and casualty excluding financial lines was up 17.7%.  We are trending loss cost in North America at 6.7 and it varies by line. In general, we are trending loss cost in short tail classes at 5.8. In long tail, excluding comp loss costs are trending at 7.3 and our first dollar workers comp book is trending at 4.7. Let me provide a bit more color around rate and growth. Property pricing was up 31.5% with rates up 22% and exposure change of 7.8%. Major accounts and E&S property together grew premiums over 40% in the quarter, while middle market property grew 11.4%. Casualty pricing in North America was up 11.3% with rates up almost 9% and exposure up 2.2%. We grew casualty in the quarter 8%. In workers comp, which includes both primary comp and large account risk management, pricing was up just over 5% with rates up 5% and exposure up 4%. Primary workers comp premiums declined 2.9% in the quarter.  For financial lines, the competitive environment remains aggressive, particularly in D&O, and rates have continued to decline. In the quarter, rates and pricing for North American financial lines in aggregate were down about 4.5%. Our fin lines book shrank 3.7%. Renewal retention for our retail commercial businesses was very strong at 98.5%. On the consumer side in North America, our high net worth personal lines business had another strong quarter with premiums up almost 11%. Our growth was balanced across a broad range of geographies and our retention was very strong at 104% on a premium basis and over 90% on an account basis. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of 14.7% while the homeowners loss cost trend remains steady at 10.5%. There is a lot of attention placed on consumer auto experience, so I thought I would comment briefly on it. For us, auto is a small part of our high net worth business, and you may have noticed that we had a modest reserve release in our prior year’s reserves for our North America personal lines segment in the quarter. This release was primarily in auto, and we are comfortable with our reserves and loss PICs for auto. Turning to our international general insurance operations, net premiums were up 11% in constant dollars, or 9.3% after FX. Our international commercial business grew 12%. Consumer was up 9.5%. Our international retail business grew over 10.5% while our London wholesale business grew about 14%.  In our international retail business, growth was led by Asia Pacific with premiums up 17.5%, made up of commercial lines growth of over 12% and consumer P&C up more than 23%. Europe produced overall growth of 10.5% with the continent up more than 12%. We continue to achieve improved rate to exposure across international commercial portfolios. Our retail business pricing was up 8.9% with rates up 5% and exposure change of 3.7%, while loss costs across our international commercial portfolio are trending at 6.6%. Our international A&H division had another strong quarter with premiums up over 16%. In Asia, our A&H business grew 31% driven by our direct marketing and travel insurance business and the consolidation of Cigna Thailand. In the U.K. and Europe, A&H premiums were up 11.5%. In our international life business, which is almost entirely Asia, premiums tripled to over a billion dollars. Since I’m here, I want to conclude with a bit more about operations in Asia, which have very strong growth and momentum across our businesses, both consumer non-life and life, and commercial P&C. We have significant opportunity for growth, both short and long term, in a broad variety of markets across a broad range of customers and distribution channels. Our total premium in the region is about $9 billion and well balanced with half non-life split 50/50 consumer and commercial, and the other half life.  Our overall presence and capabilities in north, Southeast Asia and Australia are spread across 11 markets with distinct and significant areas of growth opportunity in each. Across the region, we have a broad range of product capabilities focused on different customer segments with varied and meaningful distribution strength, including the diverse and growing list of partnerships with financial institutions and e-commerce leaders that give us access to hundreds of millions of consumers.  We have strong digital capabilities and a fast-growing digital insurance business encompassing more of our products. We are the largest direct marketers of insurance, mostly A&H products to consumers in Asia through both non-life and life companies that are unifying to offer more products to more customers. From a macro perspective, the region is so dynamic and vast with a diversity of cultures and large economies, some with large young populations, some with large aging populations that have a different set of needs. Broadly speaking in Asia, there is an innovation-oriented mindset, a strong work ethic and a deep dynamism. Supply chains and capital flows are growing deeper across the region. There is growing infrastructure investment. As a result, regional commerce and trade is growing and becoming more connected between Southeast Asia, North Asia, India and Australia. There is a lot to be optimistic about. Summary - we are having an outstanding year with record quarterly and first half financial results. We are growing exposure in a thoughtful and balanced way and underwriting conditions are favorable in a lot of areas of our business. We have a lot of momentum heading into the second half, and as I look ahead, we again are confident in our ability to continue this pattern of growth in revenue and earnings and in turn drive double-digit EPS growth.  I’m going to turn the call over to Peter and then we’re going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you Evan, and good morning. As you’ve just heard, Chubb delivered another quarter of strong underwriting and investment performance, leading to record results which generated $2.5 billion of operating cash flow this quarter and $4.8 billion through the first half of the year. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders this quarter, including $724 million in share repurchases at an average price of $197.04 per share, and $354 million in dividends. Book value and tangible book value per share excluding AOCI increased 2.2% and 3.1% respectively for the quarter and 4.3% and 6.5% respectively through the first half of the year, reflecting record core operating income net of the capital returned to shareholders noted earlier. In addition to the quarterly ROEs Evan just gave you, our year-to-date core operating ROE and return on tangible equity of 3.2% and 20.2% respectively exceed the target range Evan has laid out in the past.  Adjusted net investment income from the quarter was $1.24 billion or $20 million above the top end of our guidance, primarily from higher private equity income. The increase over last year of 30% was driven by strong cash flow, our accelerated portfolio turnover, and higher reinvestment rates. In the third quarter, we expect adjusted net investment income to rise from $1.24 billion this quarter to around $1.27 billion on a recurring basis, and to continue to grow from there. Relative to our invested assets, we continue to tactically execute our portfolio turnover strategy while maintaining a conservative credit posture. During the quarter, we reclassified our $8 billion held-to-maturity portfolio to available for sale, to have even more flexibility to put money to work at higher yields. These securities had $397 million after tax of net unrealized losses that reduced book value at the time of the change. It’s important to note that the transfer itself has no economic impact as the underlying securities remained unchanged and are of a very high quality, with an average rating of AA. We will look to sell parts of this portfolio only where and when we think it makes economic sense, and not all of the unrealized loss will become realized. Turning to our underwriting business, the quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $400 million principally from weather-related events in the U.S. Prior period development in the quarter in our active businesses was a favorable $260 million pre-tax, which was split about evenly between short tail and long tail lines and included $146 million for North American commercial and $61 million for overseas general. Our corporate runoff lines had adverse development of $60 million principally related to molestation claim development. As I noted, the PPD and overseas general for the quarter was $61 million versus $173 million last year. The larger favorable PPD in the quarter last year was concentrated in the 2020 accident year and included favorable development from COVID-related economic shutdowns. The year-to-date favorable PPD for overseas general was $204 million, comparable to last year’s $233 million and $181 million in 2021, all in short tail lines for these years. Our paid to incurred ratio for the quarter was 89% or 83% after adjusting for cats and PPD.  Turning to our life segment, year-over-year segment income growth came primarily from the acquisition of Cigna.  Our core operating effective income tax rate was 19% for the quarter, which is at the top end of our guided range of 18% to 19%. We now expect our annual operating effective tax rate for 2023 to be in the range of 18.5% to 19%, excluding the impact of consolidating Huatai. On July 1, we completed the acquisition of additional shares of Huatai Group, increasing our aggregate ownership to 69.6%. We expect the closing of additional shares this quarter, which will bring our ownership up to 83.2%.  Beginning in Q3, we will consolidate Huatai’s results within our financials. We currently estimate consolidation will result in a small amount of accretion to operating income and EPS, book value and ROE, and a modest amount of dilution to tangible book value which we estimate will recover within the next few quarters. However, I would note we are still working through our purchase accounting analysis. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question is from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning.  I guess first question would be on the--thanks for the commentary on loss trend in the commercial side. It sounded like it stayed flattish and yet the rate environment accelerated sequentially. I’m just curious, any context on why the rate environment is accelerating if loss costs are kind of staying steady - I know that’s just for you, and does your loss cost, also PIC include higher reinsurance costs, if you’re experiencing higher reinsurance costs? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Well you know, the rate, it’s all baked into it, of course; but the rate environment accelerated in property, and I think that speaks for itself, as you know, where it’s about the loss environment particularly around cat and inflation costs and property generally, and reinsurance costs have moved up in property, and I think that’s a--you know, in total that’s a very rational response. In casualty, loss cost trends have been moving higher and I think it’s reflective of the trend we’ve been observing over the last number of years. It’s not a new story, it’s a story we’re aware of and on top of, but I think it’s rational. You know, you see comp and professional lines, I talked about going the other way, so I think the market frankly and the reacceleration is a rational response to the external environment.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. My one follow-up is on--you touched on catastrophe losses. They actually looked a bit lighter than at least what the consensus models for kind of a normal 2Q for Chubb, whereas some other competitors, maybe more regional based, have experienced much, much higher than, quote-unquote, normal catastrophe levels. Any commentary on your cat load this quarter, was it just--was it kind of in line with expectations?
Evan Greenberg: You know, cat losses are never in line with--particularly with expectations. They’re either greater or less than you might imagine in any quarter on the average annual loss PIC you would choose for that. This was a very heavy cat quarter for the industry, and I think most companies have reported significantly higher cat losses than average. I don’t think there’s any particular magic as to why Chubb’s was lower. We underwrite well, we have a good spread of business, we select risk well; but that doesn’t mean we choose where a--it translates to we choose where a tornado is going to land and come down. If it had moved 10 miles to the east or west, we could have had greater losses. It’s a variation. It has variability quarter on quarter, and we had a very good experience this quarter. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. Good morning everybody.  I guess my first question, just looking at North America, commercial’s underlying loss ratio, the improvement there, is there a mix component there? Is it mostly rate over trend? Could you maybe elaborate on that a bit?
Evan Greenberg: The current accident year loss ratio, it reflects the totality of the commercial business, so it’s a mix of all the lines, right? Property and casualty rate and price exceed loss cost, and that is potentially a positive to the ultimate loss ratio margin. In the case of comp and financial lines, rate and price lag the selected trends, and in that case the ultimate margin is potentially shrinking or it’s neutral. Our loss PIC reflects all of that, and we’re patient and we lean towards conservatism in our loss PICs. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Then my second question, just with regards to rate adequacy particularly in financial lines and property, just because of the very different directions we’re seeing rates moving in those lines, are the rates adequate in both of those today?
Evan Greenberg: I think for the business we’ve written, yes, the rates are adequate for our portfolio, and our loss PICs reflect that. The kind of combined ratio we’re putting up has a mix of all of that in there and it speaks for itself.
Yaron Kinar: Thanks so much, and good luck.
Evan Greenberg: Does that make sense to you?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Well, I think it might be close to, what, 8:30 pm your time, Evan, so I’m going to say good evening to you and your management team. 
Evan Greenberg: Thank you very much. It is - it’s about 8:30. 
Greg Peters: It’s almost bedtime, right?  For my first question, in your prepared comments, you spoke about innovation and specifically in Asia, and there’s been a lot of rhetoric in the marketplace--you know, it’s been ongoing, but it seems to have accelerated this year around artificial intelligence, large language models, generative AI, and we obviously closely monitor your expense ratio, so maybe you could spend a minute and talk about your perspectives on these very important technology developments and how you think about it for your company, not only in North America but on a global basis.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, and thanks for that question. We’ve been employing AI for quite a number of years now - five or six years, anyway, and particularly it’s algorithmic AI, not generalized or large language models. It’s employed in the operations side of the business, to a degree in the underwriting and claims side and the marketing side, chatbots, etc. There have been a lot of experiments and use cases that prove themselves out, and we’re now in a stage where we’re scaling and will over the next two or three years to receive what we think are significant benefits out of that, insightfulness and abilities in underwriting and in claims in discrete areas in the service side of our business where we see cost and lower level work that can come out or improve in its accuracy. All of that is things we know and we’re scaling the tools. At the same time, as you can imagine, we are on the large language models and the potential benefit that that will ultimately bring beyond algorithmic, particularly in underwriting and claims and the ability to work--either replace work that is done or make it more accurate, or work alongside underwriters. It’s not a silver bullet, and we’re doing this on a global basis, some regions more in marketing, some more focused on portfolio underwriting. But yet, whatever anyone is doing spreads to the other, and it’s just where we start on one and end with another. The generalized and large language is going to be iterative, it will be over time. If you think about insurance and the parameterization risk or factor around what we do, how many lines of business, the exposures, the geographies you cross, and so by its nature it’s going to be iterative and take longer than some of the breathless rhetoric that I hear, but we’re focused on that as part of what a modern insurance company is going to look like and is looking like.
Greg Peters: I feel like we could probably have a long conversation on that topic. Appreciate the comments. I need to pivot as my follow-up question to the reinsurance business--
Evan Greenberg: Come and see me sometime, we’ll talk about it.
Greg Peters: Okay, let me know when you’re available. 
Evan Greenberg: Tomorrow for breakfast, if you want to show up! Go ahead.
Greg Peters: I don’t know if I can make it there tomorrow. Reinsurance - you know, you look at what’s going on in the market, and I know you’re very close to it, it seems like especially in property cat, it seems like these conditions, some of the hardest market conditions we’ve experienced in 20-plus years, and yet if I look at your global reinsurance business and look at the growth, it seems like you’re not really growing your exposures, you’re just growing your rate. Maybe you could provide some perspective on how you’re looking at the reinsurance business in the context--and maybe your perspective is the rate’s still inadequate, but give your perspectives on the reinsurance market. That’d be helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look - I don’t disagree with anything you said, but you’ll notice at the same time, our property insurance business is growing, like, 40% right now, and that’s a combination of rate and exposure, and some of that exposure is not premium, by the way, it’s structural changes and it’s unit count. It’s a lot of exposure growing.  In property cat, that’s growing more exposure as we grow that, and it’s growing it in the tail. When we look at the risk-reward--and by the way, the property insurance as we grow it across geographies is also growing exposure in the tail. We prefer to put our emphasis on the property insurance business, and the spread of risk we’re getting, we’ve never seen better pricing and better risk-adjusted returns than we see right now in large account, E&S, middle market, in a variety of geographies across the globe. We’re putting more emphasis on that than we are on property cat. We don’t think the risk-adjusted returns are as favorable - plain and simple.
Greg Peters: Thanks for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: Morning David. 
David Motemaden : Hey, good morning Evan, or good evening for you, Evan. Just wanted to ask, I guess sort of related to the last question, just about premium growth in North America commercial and the difference between the 14% growth excluding financial lines, and I think you said it was about 18% increase in price excluding financial lines. Maybe you could just talk about the drivers of that disconnect.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You know, there has been a lot of chatter I’ve noticed about that in the last number of months. It’s actually pretty straightforward - the majority of the difference between the two numbers is a result of structural changes. Included in our price is the impact of things like deductible changes and attachment points, where we can put a value on it, and so it acts like rate or it acts like exposure. It doesn’t add to premium necessarily, that portion of it, but it adds to potential margin, or another way of saying it, it supports loss cost.  The point of talking about rate and exposure that way, rather than by the way putting exposure over into loss ratio and saying, here’s the loss ratio trend, which is different than loss cost trend, is to give a sense about that, and so here is the price we get, rate plus the trend, and yet a portion of the rate, depends on line of business, or of the exposure is actually not premium. As I said, it acts like premium but it’s not premium. That’s the difference between the two. Did I say that clearly for you?
David Motemaden: Yes, yes. That makes sense. I guess maybe just a quick follow-up on that, any way to size terms and condition changes versus, I guess, the premium increase change, or if I were to look at the rate increase?
Evan Greenberg: It’s in rate or it’s in exposure. We look at it, but we don’t go that far and start disclosing that. What you’ve got to know is look at our overall premium growth, our retention rates that we give you - it’s very healthy, and then what you can see is, wow, this is the amount of rate and price that goes against loss cost, so you can get a transparency around that. You don’t add the two together, they’re not comparable that way. They’re answering two different questions.
David Motemaden: Got it, okay. Yes, that makes sense. I appreciate that. That’s helpful. 
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
David Motemaden: Then I guess just maybe on the North America commercial current accident year loss ratio ex-cat, was there--I know the second quarter tends to be an LPT--you know, heavy LPT quarter. Was there any of that or anything else, like non-cat property losses either way within the 70 basis points year-over-year improvement?
Evan Greenberg: No, and it’s interesting - we’re kind of looking at each other like, we haven’t noticed that the second quarter in particular is a heavy LPT quarter. They kind of come lumpy through the year.
David Motemaden: Great, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening Evan. My first question - you know, last quarter, sticking with North America commercial, you had pointed to premium growth for the balance of the year kind of being above 7.6%, and you guys exceeded that margin by a good amount this quarter - as you said, good property growth. It seems like that was a good driver there. Can you just give us a sense of how you think premium growth can transpire over the balance of the year relative to your expectations last quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, I’m feeling pretty good. I’m feeling good.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, I had to try.  My second question - you know, we saw--
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible] but you know, we’re feeling good. You saw what I said in the commentary and what I said in the press release, that we’re going to continue in this sort of pattern. I’m not putting a number on it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that’s helpful. My second question - you know, we saw share repurchase improve, go up this quarter. I think you guys obviously had a new authorization and are sitting on a good amount of excess capital. Anything to read into the number and just how we think about level of--anything new in terms of thinking about the level of capital return from here?
Evan Greenberg: No. We thought we were undervalued. We think we’re undervalued. We’re buyers.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, got it. Thanks Evan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, good evening Evan. First question I just had on cyber. First of all, where exactly does that live in the disclosures - is that in financial lines as well, and curious if you could give an update on the size of that book and how you’re feeling about that business from a rate adequacy standpoint.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, as you statutorily have seen, we write a sizeable book, and I don’t know that we’ve disclosed the total global premium but what I would tell you is, is we’re one of the top--you know, I don’t have the updated numbers, so I want to be careful, but we’re in the top 3 of cyber writers, maybe the top 2 of cyber writers globally. The business is growing in certain segments for us, but the overall business is growing and the rate environment has leveled off. Terms and conditions on what we underwrite are form. We were first to--really leaders to roll out a form that addresses systemic risk to a greater degree and addresses the severity in ransomware and other one-offs. The underwriting, we’re vigilant about it. The growth, we’re growing it. The pricing, it’s pretty good in most segments. There’s some segments that need rate, and in those areas we’re leaning back a little bit. That’s what I’d tell you about cyber.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Appreciated the commentary, the line-by-line commentary on loss trend, but if I heard you correctly, I think you said workers comp, you’re trending at around 4%--
Evan Greenberg: I think I said about 4.7%, from memory.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, well that’s, I guess, a little bit higher than I would have thought that line was running at. Are you seeing any type of pick-up in inflation there? Are you trending it differently than you have in recent quarters, or--?
Evan Greenberg: We’ve increased it in the last--earlier in the year. You know, there’s two things: one, mindful of medical inflation, and number two, payroll increases. On one hand, that benefits exposure change, as we just talked about rate and price, and on the other hand, wages go up and that translates to severity on the indemnity side. Those two things together rationally are going to push up your PIC on loss cost and comp.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. 
Evan Greenberg: Tracy - I know your last name. Go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Thanks Evan. As you sit right now in Singapore and you look at your opportunity set, how would you rank concerns of capital deployment priorities, underwriting capacity given your views of achieving rate adequacy versus acquisitions in emerging markets, could even be JVs?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m not--first of all, we have plenty of capital flexibility. That is not a question. We are not constraining organic growth whatsoever, and I can tell you--I would make two comments to you. We are not on the acquisition hunt. We are focused on what we--there is so much opportunity around what we’ve got and strategy around organic growth. In Asia, we are just full up, it’s fabulous. In North America and other parts of the world, we’ve got plenty of growth opportunity and that’s what we’re getting after. We’ve got a great rate environment to take on more exposure in areas like property, and we are taking--it’s not a question of capital, it’s a question of are you willing to take on the volatility that goes along with it, and we are because we think we’re getting paid well for that. It’s a good thing to invest in with shareholder capital, and that’s our priority. That’s what we’re focused on. Then, you used the word JV. I read the same article, and you know what? Don’t believe what you read.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, thanks. Yes, I wasn’t implying that you don’t have strong capital. I’ve noticed that you reported $49 million of unfavorable reserve development for molestation claims - it’s not a large number, but I’m curious what you’re seeing right now on reviver statutes. Based on the work we’ve done, are those charges reflecting the 11 states where new statute of limitation reform laws went into effect, or do the reserves also reflect the 38 states introduced new reform bills this year? 
Evan Greenberg: No. You know, Tracy, it’s more case specific. The only thing the reviver statutes as they open up them does, it opens up the top of the funnel, so more potential losses from years past, legacies going way back, events flowing to the top of the funnel, and then eventually some ripen, some percentage of them ripen into claims and cases, and ultimately in incurred. When we see a liability, we’re going to reflect it.
Tracy Benguigui: Very basic question here - does statute of limitations only apply to child abuse, or is it more broad-based?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it depends on the state. It varies. Some have opened it up more broadly and some, it’s only about--most, it’s only about child abuse. 
Tracy Benguigui: Got it, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Wait a minute - I think I have a colleague who may be correcting me about that. No? Okay. No. The answer was right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, good evening Evan. Evan, looking at--you know, with Huatai going to be consolidated here and ownership increasing, life insurance is becoming a pretty meaningful component of your overall earnings mix - I think you’ve got north of 10%. I’m wondering if maybe you could give us a quick snapshot of what the business mix looks like there, how much is savings products versus indemnity products, short tail, long tail, is much of it capital intensive? Just give us some perspective on how we should think about that life insurance business.
Evan Greenberg: You know, about 80%, 90% of the business is straight up accident and health business, the same kind of business we write on the non-life side. In the life side, you write a longer duration policy, and they’re all individual policies, so on the non-life side I may direct market the same kind of products and they’re annually renewable and they have a certain lapse rate to them, and on the life side I may sell through them agents and/or through direct marketing, and it’s dread disease and it’s hospital cash and it’s cancer and it’s accident insurance, and it will be sold predominantly--most of the book we have are individual policies and they are longer duration, which adds great stability, a long term asset. Then there is a percentage, but it’s a minority percentage of the business where it’s tied to a savings and protection policy, but yet we load it up with accident and health riders, so you’re going to buy a large amount of protection, the stuff we love, alongside a very traditional, much lower risk savings product that’s either on a par basis, where okay, any interest rate risk is fundamentally to the customer and we share the upside with them, or it’s got extremely low guarantees, like in the 1% range or 2% in a whole life policy, that’s it.
Brian Meredith: Great, that’s helpful. Thank you. 
Evan Greenberg: The overwhelming majority of this business is risk-based accident and health business. 
Brian Meredith: Great, that’s really helpful. Then this one is more focused, I guess, on your personal lines business. I’m just curious, could you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing happening in the regulatory environment, given the level of rate we’ve seen going through in, like, personal auto and homeowners? Are you starting to see any pushback by regulators?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It varies by state. I think it’s pretty well known to you, it’s not hidden. We are employing where we want to grow exposure and we need more flexibility of terms or of rates. We are using E&S to a greater extent as a tool to be able to take more exposure and do it in a thoughtful way and shape portfolios, and we do that both in states where exposure is concentrated in cat, and we’re also doing it in states where the regulatory environment doesn’t allow us greater flexibility to be able to actually serve the public’s need. 
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I want to follow up on Brian’s question, if I can. Is there a specific opportunity for Chubb’s growth in North America personal because of regulatory friction that is leading a number of competitors to really pull back?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don’t think it’s--yes, on the margin, there is that. But we have a really distinct, strong brand, and Meyer, I think the recognition of our brand and service, all things being equal, more customers, it’s proven, in our cohort want to buy Chubb, and then it’s a question of price and terms. There have been competitors who have been overly competitive in the area, and I think of--you know, in the past, naively so or for other reasons, have underpriced risk. We’re in a market know, I think, where there’s greater discipline in the business, and that creates opportunity for us, in addition to the notion of others who may have gotten it wrong and they’re pulling back. Now, we don’t have an endless appetite, and we will shape our portfolio; but we’re using every tool we can to take more risk and more exposure in a balanced way, not to become the cat writer of high net worth but the national writer of high net worth, balanced, and to do that in a thoughtful and sound way that is enduring.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s helpful. Then just a brief question, I think I know the answer to this, but does the consolidation of Huatai impact the book value yield of the Chubb investment portfolio at all?
Peter Enns: To a very minor degree.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hey. First one I had is on casualty in North America - you know, you all have been fairly vocal about the need for accelerating rate there. I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on is that occurring at the rate you think you need it to for the industry to have adequate pricing, and what kind of competitive environment are you seeing there on casualty lines in North America?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I can’t speak for the industry, but I can speak for Chubb. I like the level of rate we are securing and the terms and conditions against the various cohorts of casualty we write, and I think we’re--I know we’re staying on top of loss development and loss trends, and then we reflect it in the pricing and the terms. I have said in previous quarters that I thought these lines needed to move, and in fact they are.
Alex Scott: Got it. The second question I had is around the casualty reserves - I’m sure you’ve seen there’s a fair amount of chatter around the 2013 to 2019 accident years and people looking at the loss cost trend on longer tail lines and thinking through, you know, should we be confident in those reserves. I appreciate this is probably a bit of an annoying question, but is there anything you would add to that discussion to help people think through your confidence in those reserves, just in light of the environment?
Evan Greenberg: Well, pretty simply I’d say this - look at our track record. We’ve been doing this for how long, how many decades, through all kinds of cycles, and look at our reserve policy and look at our reserving track record. And by the way, Peter just made some expansive comments around prior period reserve development, which is simply a reflection of strength of reserve. We are quite confident and comfortable with the level of our reserves.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn today’s call back over to Karen Beyer.
Karen Beyer: Thank you everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we’ll be around to take your call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ms. Karen Beyer, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our March 31, 2023 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplements. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions today are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had an excellent start to the year, highlighted by double-digit operating earnings growth that led to record results. We had double-digit premium revenue growth that was global, broad-based and driven by strong results in our commercial and consumer P&C businesses and our International Life business. World-class underwriting results with an 86.3% combined ratio, record net investment income and life income that more than doubled. North America P&C rate and price increases reaccelerated in the quarter, it was an word standout performance that I expect will continue. We grew operating income almost 12% to $1.8 billion, and that drove a 15% increase to $4.41 per share, both records. In context, of what was an active CAT quarter, our published combined ratio reflects simply outstanding underwriting performance from our P&C businesses. The 83.4% ex-cat current accident year combined ratio was a record. On the Investment income side, record adjusted net investment income of $1.2 billion was up over 30%. Our portfolio yield is now 3.8% versus 3% a year ago, with our reinvestment rate averaging 5.5%. Our investment income run rate will continue to grow as we reinvest cash flow at higher rates. Life Insurance premium revenue more than doubled, while Life earnings doubled to $244 million, driven by our business in Asia and predominantly the addition of the Cigna operations which are mostly A&H and product makeup. In this time of economic and financial market volatility and uncertainty, Chubb is a safe haven. Our business model and the fundamentals of our business are very strong and broad-based. Our earnings and revenue are growing. We have an exceptionally strong capital position and a conservative level of leverage and our operating cash flow of $11 billion in '22 and over $2.25 billion this quarter speaks to our strong liquidity. Our unrealized loss as a percentage of tangible equity is 17% and will amortize back to par over a short period. Rising interest rates of our brand and most important, as you know, you can have a run on the bank in our business. So again, this speaks to an attractive profile that distinguishes Chubb. Peter is going to have more to say about financial items, including cats, prior period development, investment income, book value and a rising ROE. Now turning to growth and the pricing and rate environment. Consolidated net written premiums for the company increased over 16.5% in the quarter on a published basis or over 18% in constant dollars, comprised of 11% growth in our P&C business globally and 129% growth in life premiums. P&C premium growth in the quarter was balanced and broad-based. North America, Europe and Asia, all produced double-digit growth. Beginning with North America, commercial premiums were up almost 12% or 6.2% excluding Agriculture. Adjusted for the impact of one-off loss portfolio transfers in our major accounts division, year-over-year North America regular commercial flow grew 7.6%, which is representative of the minimum rate growth we expect for the balance of the year. And by the way, the 7.6% is broken down as 10% growth in P&C and minus 2% growth in financial lines. Our major accounts and specialty division grew 6.3% or 8.7% adjusted for the LPTs. And that was 11.4% P&C and minus 7% financial lines. In our middle market and small commercial business, premiums were up 6.5% or 7% in P&C and up 2% in financial lines. Renewal retention for our retail commercial businesses was 97%. On the consumer side in North America, our high net worth personal lines business was up almost 10%, an exceptionally strong result. And in fact, the strongest organic growth in over 15 years. Turning to our International General Insurance operations, net premiums were up 10% in constant dollars or 6% after FX impact with commercial up 10.8% and consumer up over 8.5%. Growth was led by our Asia Pacific region with premiums up over 18.5%. And with commercial lines up about 15% and consumer lines up over 22%. And Europe produced overall growth of over 10%. In terms of the Commercial P&C rate environment, rate and price increases reaccelerated. Pricing for total North America Commercial P&C, which includes rate of 6.4% and exposure change of 4.5% increased 11.2% against a loss cost trend of 6.7%. Pricing for commercial property and casualty, excluding financial lines and workers' comp was up 16.9%. Property pricing was up 27%, with rates up 16.4% and exposure change of 9.1%. Casualty pricing was up 9.9%, which includes 7.4% of rate and 2.3% of exposure. As I said last quarter, for professional lines and workers' comp, which includes risk management, the competitive environment is aggressive and rates have continued to decline in recognition of favorable experience. In the quarter, rates and pricing for North America, financial lines and aggregate were down about 2% and in workers' comp, which includes both primary comp and risk management, pricing was up 6.4%, with rates down 0.5% and exposure up about 6.8%. Internationally, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail business, pricing was up about 8%, with rates up 4.8%, and exposure change of about 2.9%. While loss costs across our international commercial portfolio, or trending at 6.5%. Turning to our Consumer businesses. In North America, high net worth personal lines business, again, net written premiums were up almost 10%. With our true high net worth client segment, up over 15%. Retentions were 104% on a premium basis and about 91% or on an account basis. We continue to benefit from a flight to quality and capacity. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of about 13%, while the homeowners loss cost trend is running about 10.5%. International consumer lines premiums again grew over 8.5% in the quarter in constant dollars. Our international A&H division had another strong quarter, with premiums up about 20%. Asia Pacific was up 34.5% while the U.K. was up over 12%. Premiums in our international personal lines business were down 1.5 points, and it was impacted by our business in Europe. In our International Life Insurance business, again, premiums and income overall more than doubled. Our business in Korea and the majority of Asia is off to a good start to the year. I was just in Korea two weeks ago, our leadership, the franchise, the strategy, the execution and the growth are all in really good shape. And this is a very large business for Chubb. In summary, we had an excellent quarter and have had a strong start to the year with a lot of momentum heading into the second quarter. Looking forward, we are confident in our ability to continue growing revenue and operating earnings, which in turn drive EPS through the three engines of P&C underwriting income, investment income and life income. Add to that our business model, financial strength, stability and liquidity, and I believe you have in Chubb, both the reassurance of safety, and the attractive prospects of a long-term growth company. I'll turn the call over to Peter, and then we're going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning. Before we begin, I want to note that previously reported numbers in the financial supplement we just filed were adjusted to reflect the impact from the adoption of LDTI accounting, which primarily relates to our Life Insurance business. The cumulative impact of LDTI on our book value and overall results is immaterial. Please refer to Page 31 of the financial supplement for detailed information. Turning to our first quarter results. As you've just heard, we are starting out the year an exceptionally strong financial position. Our P&C divisions, expanding life business and strong investment performance produced operating cash flow of $2.3 billion. We grew our assets to over $200 billion, and this includes invested assets of about $116 billion that continued to benefit from the current rate environment and generated our fourth consecutive quarter of record net investment income. I would note S&P and Fitch both reaffirmed our AA ratings and stable outlook, reflecting our strong financial position. Relative to capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $772 million to shareholders, including $428 million in share repurchases at an average price of $212.81 per share and $344 million in dividends. Book value and tangible book value per share increased 5% and 8.7%, respectively, from last quarter. The increase reflects our record core operating income and net realized and unrealized gains of $1.7 billion in the investment portfolio, partially offset by the capital return to shareholders I already mentioned. Our core operating ROE for the quarter was 12.6%, and our core operating return on tangible equity was 19.4%. A year ago, Evan stated our target for 2023 core operating ROE, excluding excess capital or on a deployed capital basis to be 13% and core operating return on tangible equity to be 20%. In this first quarter of 2023, we estimate the deployed capital ROE results to be in the range of 13.5% to 14% and 23% to 23.5%, respectively. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $1.2 billion and topped last year's record quarter -- last quarter's record by over 7%, reflecting higher reinvestment rates that impact recurring income as well as certain items totaling approximately $35 million, including higher-than-expected private equity distributions that vary from quarter-to-quarter. We now expect our adjusted net investment income on a recurring basis to rise from this quarter's 1.165 to 1.2 to 1.22 next quarter and we expect it to continue to rise from there for the remainder of the year given our positive cash flows, portfolio turnover and the current reinvestment rate environment. Let me make a few more comments on investments given recent economic and market events. We continue to maintain our consistent conservative approach to our investment process and our portfolio remains high quality with an average rate A rating. Our overall exposure to banks is 8% of invested assets with two-thirds of that -- two-thirds of that in G-SIFIs. We have no exposure to Silicon Valley Signature or First Republic Banks. We have no exposure to Credit Suisse contingent capital securities and do not invest in Tier 1 bank Cocos as an investment policy. Our exposure to regional banks is less than 1% of our portfolio and is in high-quality names. Our total direct exposure to commercial real estate is 4% of invested assets and 87% of that total is in investment-grade securities with an average rating of AA. This portfolio is skewed to multifamily and industrial sectors with under 20% related to the commercial office segment. High-yield credit is currently 14% of our portfolio and is targeted to the upper tier of the high-yield market, rated BB with a current average rating of B+ broadly diversified with over 900 issuers and mandated to outperform in down markets. Back to our underwriting business. The quarter included pretax catastrophe losses of $458 million split 76% in the U.S. and 24% internationally. In the U.S., the loss activity consisted of winter-related storms and other severe weather events. Internationally, results were primarily impacted by storms in New Zealand and Australia. Prior period development in the quarter was a favorable $196 million. Included in that total is adverse development of $6 million related to the 2022 accident year cat losses comprised of $119 million adverse development from Winter storm Elliott, and $113 million favorable from Hurricane Ian. Excluding cat-related development, we had favorable development of $202 million across all lines, commercial and consumer, with $228 million favorable related to short tail lines and an adverse development of $26 million in long tail lines, $10 million of which was from corporate runoff lines. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 92% or 82% after adjusting for cats prior period development and a large payment related to the Boy Scouts of America settlement. Our core operating effective tax rate was 18.1% for the quarter at the low end of our expected annual range. I would highlight the first quarter often has a lower tax rate than the full year, and we continue to expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for this year to be in the range of 18% to 19%. Lastly, relative to Wati, we closed on some of our outstanding shares during the quarter, which brought our ownership interest to 64%. We continue to apply equity accounting for the first quarter, and we'll consolidate Wati once we go over two-thirds ownership, which we think will likely occur in the second quarter when we anticipate exceeding 80%. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, David.
David Motemaden: Good morning, Evan. So really encouraging to see the reacceleration in North America commercial pricing. It sounds like most of that was rate versus exposure. I guess I also heard that you said you expect a 7.6% sort of minimum growth in North America commercial throughout the course of the year. So wondering if you could just unpack how you see that progressing between both rate on existing policies as well as just growth in terms of adding new incremental units of exposure?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No. David, as you know, we don't give forward guidance really. And I gave you a little flash, but I'm not going to go further than that. I was pretty clear, I expect the trend you see in pricing, and I expect the trend you see in sort of pattern and growth to continue. And you got a sense of P&C lines growing and you got a sense of professional or financial lines. And beyond that, it's not simply about North America and look at the company globally, and frankly, look at the International P&C and I expect the pattern to continue, look at consumer lines, and I expect the pattern to continue. Look at life, and I expect the pattern to continue. Investment income, and I expect the pattern to continue.
David Motemaden: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And then as my follow-up, Evan, in your letter, you spoke about how Chubb enhanced its ability to collect and assess loss cost at more quickly and accurately and then that helps you be more insightful in pricing and reserving. I was wondering if you could just elaborate on how you enhance the stability. And if that played in, I heard you may have ticked up the loss trend a little bit in North America commercial. Wondering what insight gave you to do or this enhanced ability to view loss trend data, how that played into potentially changing? How you're viewing trend going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And I talked about this, you're right in the letter and on previous calls, and that is like so many businesses. If you take a bigger picture view of it, insurance and among other financial companies and nonfinancial, we're coming out of a -- and have come out of a period of very low inflation. Zero cost of money fundamentally are overwhelmed by liquidity. And in the low inflation environment, you don't have to be necessarily as insightful on loss cost any -- at a particular moment in time, lag has less of an impact on you. You have to watch it very carefully, and we always -- but the time element of date of when of data when you get it, you could be a little more relaxed. It's a quarter old -- two quarters old, less important. In an inflationary environment, which we experienced and began while ago, that's a killer. And for those of us who've experienced inflation at time values can mean everything in accuracy. And that's where we really immediately when we saw it jumped on it and measured that time lag in data, which you have to get to the source of input when you're looking at inflation, whether it's on the physical side of when a repair is actually occurring to an automobile or a home or it's on the liability side very quickly in the development of that. You have to be on top of the trend and you really have to unpack severity from frequency and then you had the impact of COVID on frequency. So -- and then you add to that the tools we have available terms of external data and the use of it and our ability to manipulate and use data internal and external more insightfully and more quickly. You add the capabilities and analytics of this organization with claims and actuarial and underwriting together, and I think it's a competitive weapon and advantage particularly the speed at which we can react. And I think any modern financial organization that distinguishes itself. That's part of the action.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Good morning. First question on reinsurance costs. Any -- given industries experiencing higher reinsurance costs, both on property and on the casualty side and maybe that's not the case for Chubb. Feel free to correct me. Is Chubb contemplating any changes in its strategy, maybe retentions? Or is this still TBD as things progress?
Evan Greenberg: No, no material change. And we obviously aren't going to -- as you can appreciate, I'm not going to discuss our own reinsurance program. That's for our own protections, that's proprietary. But our retentions have not changed in any material way. And we've got a big balance sheet. We take a lot of risk net. And we really don't buy reinsurance for earnings protection so much. We buy it for -- more for balance sheet protection. And depending on the line of business volatility and that's been a steady policy of ours and we maintain it regardless of cycle.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Follow up on market conditions. You gave us a lot of good color. If we -- the acceleration in pure rate accelerated a lot more than I think there might have been a tad bit of a loss cost pickup just on the North America commercial side. But maybe you can kind of lend some more color on, do you feel the markets being more rational in terms of kind of adjusting to loss cost trends and also higher reinsurance pricing? And it sounded like you were optimistic that things have -- competitive conditions have gotten a little bit better quarter-over-quarter. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Property, certainly and short tail certainly responding. I think in larger account business, responding a little better than in middle market, though middle market has a stability to it. It's more in P&C lines. I think that financial lines, certain areas of financial lines, it's -- and so in those areas, I generally like the tone. We're seeing excess casualty, particularly in larger comp business respond. I'm imagining in time, middle market will need to and will. So rate is pretty -- our rates are increasing there. When I look at professional lines, and you have to unpack it between financial lines between professional liability and there are all kinds of classes in D&O, both private and public D&O. I think public D&O market, there are a lot of players with no data and no experience and they're receiving many of them capacity by those who don't seem to have their eye on the ball. And there's an area where I think the market is overshooting the mark and of course we'll always trade in that case, volume for and under the right underwriting. And it's not an area that I think is devoid of risk, particularly as you look forward, everything from recession and volatility in financial markets to climate change and claims of greenwashing and all of that. So it doesn't that -- and that's just a line on the margin. So it's a mixed bag. Comp is overall experience is good. Exposure is growing. And on the other hand, you got to be careful on exposure because wages are rising. That means indemnity, severity, prize and I've said it before, I point the market could shoot the market comps. So you got to be a little cautious. But overall, in direction, you see the direction in P&C lines. And I think that direction is a tone that will continue and a pattern that I expect will continue.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. My first question, I guess more specifically to North America commercial. Do you see the overall book -- 
Evan Greenberg:  -- but anyway, go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Well, I could do that, but I'm not sure we have enough time. With North America commercial, do you see the book overall as rate adequate today?
Evan Greenberg: Yes.
Yaron Kinar: You do. So with that in mind, I guess, why would we not see more acceleration of premiums given that rates are adequate and picking up, why wouldn't you lean into that a little more with greater exposure?
Evan Greenberg: What you said overall. And so that's overall. And then -- and so I'm happy to answer overall. And by the way, I said to you 10% growth in P&C lines. And I said financial lines, professional lines, financial lines in aggregate down. So I think in areas where we like the pricing, you're seeing the business grow And I'll leave it at that. I'm not going to go deeper than that. I think I gave -- I just gave what investors need to know.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my other question was on the G&A expense side. Seem to be a modest pickup in North America, both personal and commercial. Are there any specific platform investments you can call out? Or is it just wage inflation hiring?
Evan Greenberg: No. The expense ratio, you'll know -- was up because pension expenses -- fundamentally is pension expenses with the rise in interest rates that picked up. And that's just -- that's something that you can't control really. It's just -- it's an accounting adjustment for future pension costs on. We have a defined benefit pension plan that's closed for many years, it was legacy Chubb that had that and so that's the impact. That's all.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. So is that a reasonable run rate to think of for the rest of the year?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, reasonable. You'll note the pattern of expense ratio. It's usually a little higher this quarter than in future quarters when I look at it.
Peter Enns: I think the pension will be consistent each quarter. And then there's other stuff around it.
Yaron Kinar: Got it.
Peter Enns: For this year.
Yaron Kinar: Thanks so much.
Peter Enns: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Excellent. Good morning, everyone. Evan, in your prepared comments, I think you mentioned a recent trip to Korea. You talked about the Life results. Maybe you can give us an update on the Cigna acquisition, how the integration is proceeding and if there's any update on sort of ROE targets related to Cigna now that it's in the Chubb family?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'll just take the last part first. As you know, the egg is scrambled now. And so we don't really spike that part out. But look, I'm -- I am energized by what I see in Asia and what we have bubbling. And by the way, I'm going to do third quarter earnings from Asia. I'm going to do it from Singapore because I'm going to spend six or seven weeks out there. The integration is going so well. And we're so energized by what we see in the power of the organization with the two parts pulled together. The integration has gone extremely well. And of course, all the efficiencies, that's the easy part in a sense, that's all right on target. But it's the -- growth and the breadth of capability, our direct marketing business. We're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia. There's not a doubt to me, both through telemarketing, through digital, life and non-life, the breadth of product there. The number of partnerships that we have between the organizations and the compelling offering, given the breadth and the ability of our life and nonlife together, work together like one organization. No one else really has that. The customer database we have between the companies that numbers in the millions of customers to cross-market and cross-sell to that we're just actively doing through telemarketing and digital. The growth of our agency organization, whether it's in Korea through independent life agency distribution or in places like Thailand and Vietnam with tens of thousands of agents that are growing. When I look across Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, Taiwan, even Hong Kong, that's small, but the combination of the two and growth is accelerating in these areas, the number of partnerships that we have. So when I add it all together, I feel really good about what we have as franchise and capability and the potential of it over time. And by the way, a lot of the same features I see in Latin America, a much smaller region just the geography and the size of economies. But wow, it's excellent. And then by the way, I'm sure you noticed that in the quarter, Europe grew 10%. That's 40% of their business renews in the year and they do in the year, and they grew at 10%. So it's really broad-based, and I like what I see.
Greg Peters: Yes, the Europe numbers are kind of surprising against the backdrop of the macros news that we read about here and there. I spent some time during the discussion talking about all the data resources, the analytics you have. And one of the topics that's become more popular and more recent is this ChatGPT. So maybe you can segue and talk about how you're deploying AI across your organization and the opportunity you have to drive further efficiencies as you utilize these types of tools?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'll touch on it a little bit. ChatGPT is generalized AI, which is text-based analytics and deep thinking. We use other kinds of AI, deep learning, and others beyond that, that are numbers-based, math-based as well. We've been experimenting in the use of various forms of AI is the point against different areas of our business, depending on the kind of opportunity or problem or enhancement of power that we're trying to address from underwriting and insight in risk cohorts to claims to -- cut to marketing and analytics for customer interface and customer service or telemarketing. And we've been doing this for the last five years. We have a variety of use cases that have proven themselves out. And we continue to iterate with it. We have a lot of data, and we have an ability to enhance that data with external data. It's not simply about AI tools. It's about data and your ability with that. So therefore, you keep pulling a string in your data infrastructure becomes so important. And data engineering becomes so important because it's a fuel that AI needs to feed on itself in all its varieties to become insightful and powerful to you. And in most cases, it's not going to replace our highest skilled knowledge workers. We won't do that for quite a while. But it certainly enhances the abilities and the capability. I'm not worried about my job. It certainly enhances their capabilities. And now we're in the dawn of the period where we use these tools at scale. And the things that we have built and experimented with, the momentum builds and they start rolling out at scale. And that means insight. That means speed, that means accuracy, that means cost, that means momentum. And think of that in terms of a number of years, it's not months.
Greg Peters: Great. Thank you for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Evan. My first question is on the reinsurance market. You guys saw some growth in your reinsurance segment. But it sounds like from your commentary, you're seeing better opportunities. It sounds like on the primary property side than perhaps to write more property reinsurance business, but I was hoping you could just expand on that comment and correct me if I'm wrong.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No, you're correct. We're -- we got a finite balance sheet. We can't take infinite amount of risk. And we like the risk reward and the total opportunity. On the primary side, we're much more biased on the primary side than we are on the cat REIT side. And so that is correct. So our cat REIT and CAD and property excess and property quota share business. So not just straight cat REIT. Those are areas where we're taking more exposure. But -- you're right, overwhelmingly, when we look at the market and the risk reward, we're more primary oriented.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question, Peter, I know you said that you guys will consolidate the Wati ownership when it goes above 80%. I'm not sure if Chuck has disclosed like the earnings from Huatai historically? Or can you just give us a sense of the expected contribution on once that is consolidated or any help you can provide there?
Peter Enns: Yes. We typically don't -- we have not disclosed Huatai's earnings specifically. We'll have more comments after it closes and we consolidate it. And what I've said historically is it won't have a material impact on a net basis to us in terms of earnings.
Evan Greenberg: What we say -- is it will be pretty neutral initially.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. A quick question. Do you manage your business more on net growth than growth? Or is that vice versa? I'm just thinking about capital consumption, if you're retaining more, could that dampen how much you want to grow growth premium?
Evan Greenberg: No. You -- frankly, we disclose our net to gross. And you see that's pretty steady. And we manage -- we measure both, and we use both gross and net for different reasons, different purposes. When I'm going to manage the balance sheet, it's net. When I'm going to look at marketing and swinging a stick on our capacity, et cetera, it's growth. It's a much more complicated answer -- question, but it's when you get to operating but it's both.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. So I just wanted to make sure that I understood prior comments correctly. So the 4% growth in gross premium written we saw in North America commercial lines, which was lower than we've seen in prior quarters, that had to do more with business?
Evan Greenberg: It has more volatility to it because of risk management business and certain kinds of businesses that have a gross line component to it. But in that case, I'm driven an ROI and all our discussion when we look at stick to the bones is on the net basis.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. I am also curious to...
Evan Greenberg: …companies talk net, not gross. But both are important to us as operators for different reasons.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. I'm also curious, did you increase your loss picks from banking D&O claims activity this quarter? I noticed that your North America commercial lines underlying loss ratio improved both sequentially and year-over-year. So I'm wondering if that improvement would be in spite of any raise and off-peak?
Evan Greenberg: No.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had was just to see if you could give us some context for where court reopening is that? And just sort of the timing of how the backlog is progressing? And maybe even how that's informing some of the analytics and things you're doing around loss costs?
Evan Greenberg: Look frequency of loss and casualty is just has been on March where it's rising and reverting to the mean of pre-COVID. It varies by line of business in some lines of business, the frequency of loss is still below pre-COVID and some others, it has reverted to pre-COVID trend. So it varies. And -- but overall, frequency has been increasing, and that's a proxy that -- and that's been going for a while. So that's a little bit of yesterday's news that the courts -- they've been reopened over a year or so. There you go. And the lawyers are all active.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then maybe a little bit more of a housekeeping question for you. But on the Life Insurance segment, I mean, should we think about LDTI moving the run rate up or down at the margin, just a little difficult to tell from the outside because we only have a couple of quarters of Cigna and so not too long of track record to look at under the recasted financials.
Peter Enns: Alex, the way I would think about it is, and you pointed out between Cigna coming online purchase gap and LDTI, there's been movement in the numbers. The first quarter of this year, things are settling and we think are representative of a run rate going forward.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. Can I just quickly clarify something. I get a bunch of questions on it. The 7.6% growth rate that you mentioned, that's premium growth for the remainder of your minimum premium growth you expect for the remainder of the year. Is that correct in North America commercial?
Evan Greenberg: It's -- I gave you a feeling of a forward view that I would expect it to be no less than that. And then I gave you a breakdown to the 7.6% that was 11% in P&C lines and was negative in financial lines.
Brian Meredith: Yes, makes sense. So it's premium growth, great.
Evan Greenberg: That was not radar trend or anything. That was premium.
Brian Meredith: That's what I thought. That's what I thought. I just wanted to clarify. Sorry, I was going to get a bunch of questions on it. The second question, I'm just curious, I'm trying to kind of do some mental math here on this, and that can be dangerous, but looking at your 11% and change pricing in North America commercial versus the 7.6% premium growth, was there something going on with mix or something would cause pricing to be greater than the premium growth?
Evan Greenberg: There's always something going on with max.
Brian Meredith: So is it a mix issue or something going on?
Evan Greenberg: And remember, I gave you, I gave you P&C growth versus financial lines growth. And I didn't give you any more than -- I'm not going to go deeper than that. And then I gave you rate and trend and you have renewal retention rate, I gave you that. New business varied by area. So the -- is there anything more to it really? Not really. Now in property, and I should say this to you, as you ask it. In property where you see the rate, rate includes -- because we can measure it so accurately. The change in terms and conditions, so of deductible changes, that's worth rate. And so you could exceed this exposure actually go down there. And if you're following me. Done so, that also when you want to roll around math in your brain that may help you a little bit.
Brian Meredith: That's really, really helpful. And then can I just one follow-up. Cyber market. Can you just tell us kind of what your thoughts are there now in the cyber market. Is that an attractive market at this point from a pricing and what's happened with term condition in the last couple of years?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The terms and conditions, there's a lot of noise in particular, it's around cat exposure and war and definitions of war or I think war is a misnomer. It's hostile actions by nation states. And that would be more of the term and conditions of what's going on. But beyond that, the cyber loss environment is not benign. Ransomware frequency of loss and severity is picking up, it was temporarily down. Cyber pricing and underwriting has responded to the external environment, I think, reasonably well. And if it maintains discipline, then I'm not concerned. But I would assume that all cyber underwriters see what we see in terms of the loss environment, and you're going to be aware of it. But other than that, it's -- I think, reasonably disciplined in underwriting and pricing.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, guys. Good morning. Yes, I mean, I guess, just taking a step back, it's a life related question. I'm just curious, like over the past, call it, five years or so, if you could -- just kind of walk us through how your thought process has evolved? We appreciate that business a little bit more. I guess it comes from a place where the Cigna deal, it felt like a nice little financial acquisition, but I didn't think it was going to put you in Singapore for seven weeks. So you're clearly more enthusiastic about this business. So yes, how has your thinking evolved to really think that's a growth hedging for Chubb?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First, I want to take a step back on that and say, Asia is on my mind. It's not simply the life business. Half of the business is P&C, that is robust. Asia itself, I don't hold me in the number. I have it in my head, but it's roughly a $10 billion region for us. Important, it's massive, region and scale. It's the greatest -- it has the greatest growth potential economically. I think, of any region in the world over the next decade, two decades. So it has a volatility to it, naturally. India, China, Southeast Asia, the dynamism of developed Asia, Korea, Japan. It's just -- it's massive. Australia is part of Asia to us, back to the Australians. And it's non-life and life. And I look at it as one organization, it's Chubb. The way they work together is awesome. We began our life business about a decade -- I began it over a decade ago. I mean, heck, I was pounding on the door of Vietnam to get one of the few life licenses they gave out in 2002. 2003, I was banging on that door. And we've been at it since growing organically and then through acquisition and the Cigna just turbocharged it. At the same time in our non-life business. We are growing from dust and A&H business that could have been incubated in a life company or a nonlife company. Cigna's to a large degree A&H business. Our Life business is a combination of agency distribution on direct marketing and the direct marketing is non-life and life. And the life products themselves are much more back to the future. It's because Asia is different and their traditional life products that have much better ROE characteristics to them. They have very low guarantees. They have traditional savings. They have a lot of risk element to them that we like, A&H, in particular, whether it's dread disease or hospital cash. Very limited basic medical. The customer buys along with savings and savings rates are high in Asia. You have a very young population. The youngest in the world and a growing labor force. And it's combined with a very family-oriented culture and ethic and that drives long-term savings. And you have low social safety net. And so private insurance means more. That all plays to life and to non-life. And frankly, operating my office from there and I'm going to be out of both Hong Kong and Singapore is simply there is such opportunity, and I travel back and forth have for decades a few times a year, but this is just to be more insightful and deeper about it in terms of strategy as we go forward. And my colleagues, many of them will do the same -- global company.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you. And just quickly, I guess this is more nuance might be for Peter. But you mentioned some LPT activity in North America commercial. Just curious if that had any impact on the loss ratio year-over-year?
Peter Enns: Very -- it was minor in terms of its impact that the loss ratio down expense ratio up. That's what happens with it. But very, very minor. You can measure it at 10%.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Karen Beyer.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome everyone to our December 31, 2022 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, financial supplements which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplements. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a strong finish, which contributed to another record year. Our quarterly underwriting results were excellent, with an 88% combined ratio despite a true-up to the projected ‘22 crop insurance full year results. We had good growth in net investment income that led to a record result and double-digit premium growth with strong contributions from our commercial and consumer P&C lines globally and our international life business. More important, the quarterly results led to what was the best full year financial performance in our company’s history, including record operating income on both a per share and dollar basis from record P&C underwriting and investment income and another year of double-digit premium revenue growth, including the best organic growth in our international P&C business in a decade. All areas of the company contributed to the outstanding results last year. And I want to congratulate and thank so many of my colleagues around the globe. Core operating income in the quarter was $1.7 billion or $4.05 per share. Crop results reduced our expected agriculture earnings by $0.39 per share. For the year, we produced core operating income of $6.5 billion or $15.24 per share, up 21% and again, a record. Quarterly P&C underwriting income of $1.1 billion was impacted, as I said, by an underwriting loss from crop as we trued up our projection for the ‘22 crop year. This change of view for the full year result was due to the late season emergence of losses from drought conditions in certain corn belt states, which overshadowed average to excellent growing conditions in many other areas, leading to what we now know is a below-average year overall for that business. Agriculture is a weather exposed business with nat cat like characteristics. It’s about growing conditions and commodity prices. And each year, you start over. For the year, we performed well, all considered. We published a 94.2% combined ratio and produced $165 million in agriculture underwriting income. Back on the quarter, excluding agriculture, the combined ratio was 85.9% and speaks to the strong broad-based underlying performance of our business, which produced an amazing 82.9% ex-cat current accident year combined ratio. Full year P&C underwriting income was a record $4.6 billion, up 23%, with a published combined ratio of 87.6% and that’s with $2.2 billion of catastrophe losses in what was one of the costliest years yet for the industry in terms of cats. On the investment side, adjusted net investment income topped $1.1 billion for the quarter, up about $215 million from prior year and $4 billion for the year, both records. Our reinvestment rate is now averaging 5.6% against a portfolio yield of 3.6% and that’s translating into annualized run-rate growth, simply going into the first quarter of 13%, which will continue to grow as we reinvest cash flow at higher rates. Our operating cash flow for the quarter and year was $2.7 billion and $11.2 billion respectively. For perspective, I want to touch on capital management. As you know, our policy is to maintain, is to manage for capital flexibility. After all, we are a balance sheet business in the risk business and we are a growth company. We maintain flexibility for risk and opportunity and return the balance to shareholders simple and consistent policy. The last 2 years are instructive. We have organically grown our P&C premiums 21.5% and that requires capital. We have deployed $5.4 billion for the Cigna acquisition and invested a further $1.4 billion and increasing our Huatai ownership together key strategic acquisitions with an emphasis on Asia. And at the same time, we have returned over $10.5 billion of total capital to shareholders through buybacks, over 9% of outstanding shares and dividends all the while maintaining capital adequacy for risk and future opportunity and we have capital flexibility given our strong earnings generation power. Peter will have more to say about financial items, including cats, prior period development, investment income, book value and ROE. Now turning to growth in the rate environment, consolidated net written premiums for the company increased nearly 12% in the quarter on a published basis or 16% in constant dollars to $10.2 billion. This includes growth of 9.8% in our P&C business and over 100% of growth in life premiums, reflecting the addition of the Cigna Asia business. P&C premium growth in earnings in the quarter were balanced and broad-based with contributions from virtually all commercial and most consumer businesses globally. Agriculture aside, North America commercial premiums were up almost 9%, while our high net worth personal lines business was up 6%, a very strong result. Overseas general grew 9.7% in constant dollars, but declined 1.3% after FX, with commercial up 9.4% and consumer up 10.3%. We are a major multinational company and are impacted by currency movements. After reaching a 20-year high in September, the dollar has been weakening and that will benefit our growth in the future. In North America, growth this quarter in Commercial Lines was led by our major accounts and specialty division, which grew 9.1%, followed by our middle-market and small commercial business, which grew 8.7% and renewal retention for our retail commercial businesses, was over 96%. In our international general insurance operations, retail commercial P&C grew 9% in constant dollar, while our London wholesale business grew about 7.5%. Retail commercial growth was led by Latin America, with premiums up nearly 13%, followed by growth of 8.5% in Asia-Pac and 6.5% in our UK, Ireland division. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, pricing conditions remain favorable for most lines of business. The vast majority of our portfolio is achieving favorable risk-adjusted returns. So like I said last quarter, in most lines, additional rate is required primarily to keep pace with loss costs, which again are hardly benign in both long-tail and short-tail lines. To illustrate, in the quarter, pricing for total North America Commercial P&C which includes both rate and the portion of exposure that supports rate increased 6.5%, with loss costs up 6.5% as well. Now that’s the headline. And let’s drill down further, because I think it’s more insightful. Pricing for commercial P&C, excluding financial lines and workers’ comp was up 10%, with loss costs trending 6.9%. Breaking P&C down a step further, property pricing is firming in response to catastrophe exposures, inflation, reinsurance pricing and availability. Short-tail pricing was up 14.7%, while loss costs were up 6.8%. Property insurance is an opportunity for us. For the majority of casualty lines, pricing is adequate. In the quarter, pricing for North America Casualty was up 7.5%, while loss cost trends were 6.9%. Now given casualty loss cost trends, rates in most classes need to rise at an accelerated pace. There is little to no room for forgiveness. And here a special mention to excess casualty and auto-related liability is warranted. For Chubb, our minds are clear, and our playbook is consistent. In some lines like professional liability and workers’ comp, which includes risk management, the competitive environment is quite aggressive and rates have been falling for a number of quarters now in recognition of favorable pricing and favorable experience. However, if not careful, the market is in danger of overshooting the mark. In the quarter, rates and pricing for North America financial lines in aggregate were essentially flat. They were up 0.2%, while loss cost trends were up 5%. And in workers’ comp, which includes both primary comp and risk management, pricing was up 2.3% against a loss cost trend of 5.5%. Internationally, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail business, pricing was up about 9.5%. Rates varied by class and by region as well as country within region and loss costs are trending 6.2%. Turning to our consumer businesses, in our North America high net worth personal lines business, again, net written premiums were up about 6%. Our true high net worth client segment, however, grew 12.5%. There is a flight to quality and capacity. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of about 12.5%, while the homeowners’ loss cost trend is running about 10.5%. International consumer lines premiums grew over 10% in the quarter, again, in constant dollar. Our International A&H division had another strong quarter, with premiums up about 21%. Asia-Pac was up nearly 40%, with half of the growth coming from the Cigna acquisition, while Latin America and the UK each were up about 13.5%. Premiums in our international personal lines business were up less than 1% in constant dollar. In our international life insurance business, premiums doubled in constant dollar while life income overall was also up over 100%, both positively impacted by the addition of the Cigna Asia business, which is on track. As we enter ‘23, while early days, growth in our Asia consumer business including non-life, life and A&H is widespread and strong, a combination of a strong external environment and our capabilities and presence. Consumer lending, increasing foot traffic across retail and banking operations and the resurgence of leisure and business travel are all contributing to strong growth. Leisure travel alone was up nearly 400% over prior year. And as China reopens from its strict pandemic controls, it will further stimulate growth in the region. Think trade, which benefits commercial lines and business travel and think tourist travel as the Chinese begin to travel again on holiday. As regards China, as you know, last quarter, we have received regulatory approval to increase our ownership in Huatai Insurance Group, to 83.2%. Since then, the transfer of shares from a number of separate shareholders has taken place and we have increased our ownership to 64%. The remaining 19% is expected to close in the next weeks or months. In summary, we had an outstanding year. And looking ahead, we are starting off on a strong foot in the first quarter overall. Conditions remain favorable in terms of continued growth for our businesses globally and then add the strong trajectory of growth from investment income. Despite the challenging macro environment, I am quite optimistic about our future and confident in our ability to outperform. I will now turn the call over to Peter and then we are going to come back and we are going to take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan and good morning. As you have just heard, we continue to deliver strong underlying business and investment performance in the fourth quarter, leading to another year of record results. Book value and tangible book value per share increased 6.2% and 9.5% respectively since September. The increase reflects strong operating results, $544 million in dividends and share repurchases as well as net realized and unrealized gains of $1.6 billion after tax, including $1.3 billion in this income portfolio from declining interest rates and foreign currency translation gains of $594 million. This quarter’s mark-to-market investment gains follow prior quarter’s losses from a rising rate environment, reinforcing our view that these fluctuations in valuation, particularly on a high-quality fixed income portfolio are largely transient and don’t represent real economics for a buy and hold insurance company like Chubb. For the full year, book and tangible book value per share decreased 12.9% and 23.5%, whereas excluding AOCI they increased 5.3% and 3% respectively, including the dilutive impact on tangible equity of the Cigna acquisition. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter and year was 18.6% and 17.2% respectively, while our core operating ROE for the quarter and year was 11.9% and 11.2%. Turning to investments, adjusted net investment income for the quarter of over $1.1 billion topped last quarter’s record by more than 6% and was 24% higher than the prior year quarter. We anticipate this to continue to increase in 2023 through portfolio growth and a continuing attractive rate environment. And as such, we expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to now be in the range of $1.135 billion to $1.155 billion. The quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $400 million, principally from winter storm Elliott. There were other weather-related events in the quarter, offset by changes from prior quarter’s cats. However, there was no change in our aggregate Hurricane Ian estimate. Catastrophe and crop insurance underwriting losses together added 6.6 percentage points to our P&C combined ratio. We had favorable prior period development in our active companies in the quarter of $254 million mainly in the short-tail lines, primarily from commercial P&C lines of property, marine and agriculture from 2020 and 2021 accident years. In addition, there was adverse development of $87 million in our legacy runoff exposures, including $62 million related to asbestos, which was recognized as part of our annual reserve review. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 102% of which about 8 percentage points related specifically to payments in our crop insurance program, which are typically higher in the fourth quarter each year. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 85%, excluding crops, cats and PPD. International Life Insurance segment income post the Cigna acquisition is as expected, except for an adverse non-recurring $52 million adjustment in the quarter related to Huatai, the company’s partially owned insurance entity. This adjustment was to better align our accounting policies and procedures. In addition, the Life Insurance segment in total benefited from a reserve release of $60 million in the quarter related to our combined North America business. Our core operating effective tax rate was 17.5% for the quarter and 17.8% for the year, in line with previously guided range. Our expected annual core operating effective tax rate for 2023, we expect to be in the range of 18% to 19%. On a final note, Chubb is adopting long-duration targeted improvement accounting guidance, or LDTI, as of January 1, 2023. This changes the accounting for long-duration contracts, which relates to our Life Insurance businesses. And this is an accounting change only, having no impact on the underlying economics. In the 10-K, we will disclose the historical book value impact as of 1 and 2 years ago, but as of year-end ‘22, we expect a net favorable but immaterial impact to book value. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the detail on the rate by line of business and loss trend by line. I thought that was helpful. I’m interested in the casualty market where it sounds like price is still above loss trend. Hearing again the need for additional rate here. I’m wondering if you’re seeing what the market’s discipline is in terms of getting that additional rate? Or if competition is picking up here at all, interest rates are higher. We’re obviously seeing some competition picking up in professional liability. So just wondering what you’re seeing in North America casualty.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, I don’t think there is an increase in competition related to interest rates. And remember, look at the yield curve, what the market expect rates to be going out a couple of years. No one misses that. And rates are not at such a level that it would have a material impact, if you were thinking about cash flow underwriting the business and you have liability durations in your question that runs somewhere between 7 years and 25 years, depending on the line of business. So I would – I don’t think that’s – I’m taking time to talk about that because I listen to those – that kind of thinking, and you’re a smart guy, and others are I think you guys should think that through a little more. It’s more to do with them. And I don’t see an increase in competition. I see a pretty steady market. But what I do note in certain lines of business is either a lack of recognition of the loss cost environment naive at around loss cost environment, or just a failure of management to be in touch and drill in and show leadership, take action. And I just am concerned about that in certain lines where – when you think about it on a risk-adjusted adequate return basis, and that’s why I spiked out two lines in particular. I don’t think there is a recognition among most that to maintain discipline, you better keep pace with loss cost because there is no room and, in some cases, overshooting the mark and this can get away from you pretty quickly. We’re not in a benign inflation environment in casualty, and that has nothing to do with general inflation that has to do more with everything around so-called social inflation. And you can see it. It’s a trend that has footprints that go back a number of years, and it’s very, very clear. Then you have a couple of other lines, which I spike out separately from casualty where market condition – where pricing has been very good. And loss cost has been reasonable. And so you can understand rate adjustment, give back but be careful. It’s not endless.
David Motemaden: Right. Okay. That’s helpful. I appreciate that answer. And then just following up, maybe a question for Peter, could you talk about the drivers of prior period development in North America commercial between short tail and long tail lines?
Peter Enns: I think all I’d say is if you looked at the prior year quarter there was a significant COVID-related release. So if you’re comparing, I think you just need to adjust for that. 
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Peter Enns: Last year, last quarter had a large COVID adjustment. So that’s why it’s hard to compare. You can’t compare quarter-on-quarter that way from year-to-year within North America commercial.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning, Evan. My first question relates to your own reinsurance book. We’ve heard about some pretty strong rate increases at January 1. Did you guys choose to write more property cat reinsurance yourselves?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Elyse, just so you know, you’re breaking up a little bit. I think I got it, but you’re just be aware that it’s hard. You’re not coming through really clearly. I think you were talking about property cat and whether we see it as an opportunity. Look, we have a very clear mind about our standards, adjusted returns we would expect to see in property cat to increase our exposure. And we’re in the middle of the market. And so I’m not going to comment any further than that, except that if the conditions are right, from – in both terms and in pricing, then Chubb is a risk taker in property cat. We will increase. However, it’s not a business we need to chase by any means. And so we will only deploy additional capital to take more exposure if we like the trade. Beyond that, I know you want to know specifics and I’m hardly going to look forward and talk about it while we’re on the field of play. You’ll see the footprints after the fact.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And then my second question, Evan, you mentioned commercial property rates picking up following Hurricane Ian. I would think as reinsurance rates move, there would be a trickle-down impact and perhaps rates get better there as we move through ‘23. Would you agree with that statement?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, I think if you listened to my commentary, I just said that. When I talked about the 14.8%, I believe it was increase in pricing. I mentioned the cat environment, I mentioned availability, I mentioned reinsurance availability and reinsurance pricing.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And do you think – as you think out, do you think property is probably one of the stronger growth opportunities within your commercial book in ‘23?
Evan Greenberg: I think I already made my comment about that property is an opportunity for Chubb is what I said only 10 minutes ago. I can’t stand on it any further than that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call rest of the year. I was hoping you could give us a little bit of additional color on what we’ve seen at Chubb from exposure changes over the last, say, couple of quarters, is that we move into 2023. And there are some folks including our strategists, that thinks we’re going to be in a recession sometime this year. I was wondering if – so what are the sensitivities among your books, what parts of your business would we see if it happens in the future and what parts would be less sensitive to assessments and exposure changes?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m not going to go deep into that, but you – I will relate you back in my commentary where I said that the industry in casualty needs to get more rate to keep pace with loss cost and one of the things that is in my – on my mind in that regard is you can’t rely on price as much going forward in casualty, which is about sale, you rate off of sale or you rate off of payroll, you rate off of human for business-related exposures. It could be square footage and to measure traffic of consumers coming through. These are all economically related exposure movements. And that will – whether we have recession or we don’t have recession, I don’t think that’s the point. The point really is as economic activity relative to ‘22 and ‘21, certainly, is going to be slower. And so you need rate, pure rate and can rely less on the exposure on the percentage of exposure to help the performance when you think about rate to exposure and inflation and loss cost. That is more of what’s on my mind when I think about exposure. I don’t think about it as much in terms of growth overall and the support of our growth rate. And I think our growth rate will be just fine.
Paul Newsome: Then maybe as well, can you talk a little bit about the ability of both Chubb and the industry to pass on higher reinsurance costs to sort of primary commercial lines. Things have changed a little bit, I think, structurally over the years. And I think I’m not sure what the sensitivity is today in terms of how quickly the primaries lines will respond to higher reinsurance costs in today’s environment. But any thoughts there would be great, I think just to help us out?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I can’t speak to everybody else. And so you’ll just have to stay tuned and figure that out, Paul. But beyond that, I know when I think about short tail lines where you’re seeing reinsurance price increases, I’m not worried from a Chubb point of view of achieving rate and price to both keep pace or exceed loss costs. What we expect for cat and to manage increased reinsurance costs. I think that – and that’s why I gave you the fourth quarter pricing I think it’s – I think that speaks for itself that way.
Paul Newsome: Thanks a lot. And I will appreciate. That will help as always.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. So obviously, you commented this on your comments. So just letting you know I heard your comments, but I’m looking for further clarification. 
Evan Greenberg: I can just repeat myself.
Greg Peters: Well, you didn’t say much about this. So hopefully, I can get a little more out of view. But I was I intrigued by your comment about the retention in commercial at 96%. And maybe you could give us some historical context and then more importantly, you talk about the moving pieces of the market, financial lines, workers’ comp? Do you have a view of how that might trend over the near-term? Are you willing to share with us should add?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. On your first question, it’s on a premium basis, the 96%. So it’s both policy count, customer retention in terms of unit count, and it has the impact of price of rate in there in the 96%. So on a policy count basis, on a customer retention basis, it is a lower number, but it’s – but on historic earns basis, it’s very high. It’s very stable our renewal book of business. And I think that’s reasonably true for the industry given where you are, there was so much movement of customer during the hardest part of the cycle in COVID and all of that. And as people pulled back capacity and so many accounts had to find a new home. And then you find that there is more stability in retention of customers, both distribution do they want to move it, the customers themselves don’t want. And so you have more of a stability that way. So, that’s running at a high level. When I look forward on financial lines and comp, look, I can only give you – if I am going to prognosticate to you, I can only prognosticate what I would think would be logical and markets are never logical. There is all kinds of players. I do see in financial lines, more of the established players really know the businesses are more stable and showing more stability and recognizing that, okay, there has been – where are we on a risk-adjusted and at an expected loss cost basis. They have more insight into that and then a lot of small one of Visa [ph]. And so it creates a little chaos in the market that way, but I see a little more stability that way right now beginning to emerge. In comp, I don’t know what to tell you. The market has to draw a line and I think that moment of truth is coming.
Greg Peters: Yes, that makes sense. Another area that Peter commented on, it seems kind of important. And I am going to have to review the comments in the transcript. But Peter, maybe you can go back. The gives and takes out of the life insurance, you talked about assimilating the accounting and then you talked about some other headwinds that happened in the fourth quarter. Can you go through that and maybe give us a little additional color on that?
Peter Enns: So, the one-time charge I have mentioned, and it’s a non-recurring charge was related to Huatai as it relates to aligning our accounting policies as our ownership levels increased and that was $52 million. There was an additional, which I didn’t say about $8 million of FX impact. And so that’s how I think about it. If you are looking at the international life insurance business, the reported income and adjusting for those two things, that would give you more of a sense of how we view ongoing income coming out of that business, which is why we spiked out the largest of the two, and I will just highlight the one other one.
Evan Greenberg: So, in our minds, that’s like that brings you to about $175 million.
Peter Enns: It’s about $60 million putting the two together.
Greg Peters: Okay. Got it.
Peter Enns: Excellent what it will be. But to be very clear, the $52 million, we view very much is one-time to align policies as we have gotten closer to and more insight.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Good morning. I would like to go back to the discussion on casualty. I fully understand that rate needs to increase to keep up with loss cost trends. But there are things you could do on the structural side, are you making any meaningful changes in attachment points or deductible? One of your competitors mentioned an inflation is causing more losses to creep into the excess layer?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, of course. That’s all that – listen we can track attachment point changes and all of that and ventilating of layers and all that good stuff. So, yes, and that’s all baked into our thinking, of course.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, got it. And we actually got more color from you on loss cost trends by business line this quarter. And you mentioned just sticking with North American casualty that loss costs were 6.9%. Can you give context how that’s trended versus prior quarters? And if you could also see….
Evan Greenberg: Stable.
Tracy Benguigui: Stable, okay. And if you could tease out if this is a level you are observing right now, are you using a higher projected loss trend when you think about risk-adjusted returns?
Evan Greenberg: I am really not going to overly dwell on this subject now. So, I am going to move along. But what – the only other piece of information I will give you is that the loss cost trends we have, I gave you an overall and that means it is a mix of primary in excess and all of that baked into it. It is stable. Our view is stable at this time and we constantly look at it, and I gave you a lot of information in the second quarter and third quarter around inflation and how we adjusted for our views and forward views on inflation, both in the pricing and in our actual reserving. And so I am going to stop right there.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thanks. So I am just curious, given where your rate is and loss trend is there more room here as we look into 2023 for underlying margin improvement in the business, or are we getting close to kind of a good, solid acceptable return in the business?
Evan Greenberg: I think you – I mean look at it by ratios, Brian. I think they are just stellar. They are world-class returns and I am very happy with the returns in our portfolio. And as far as whether they would get any better, well, stay tuned.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Thanks. And then the second question…
Evan Greenberg: You know, I don’t give forward guidance…
Brian Meredith: I was hoping.
Evan Greenberg: I know you guy. I love you dearly. It’s a good try.
Brian Meredith: Okay. The second one, I am just curious – thanks for the comments on capital management. I know you guys have done a ton this year, and it’s great, but it did slow in the fourth quarter. Was there anything going on? Anything with respect to thoughts that’s why you slowed the share buyback in the fourth quarter relative to call it the third quarter?
Evan Greenberg: No. And that’s why I really did want to take time and step back and we all look at perspective together of our capital management policy and how it translated to numbers. And I mean it’s a stunning amount of capital that we have used. I mean it speaks to our stewardship of capital and our earning power over the couple of years. And I wanted to create that context and perspective, nothing has changed at all in how we manage, think about managing capital and buybacks is just one dimension of that as you know. And we have a buyback authorization. And we have a bunch remaining within that. And we say that as we do, when you read it, that we will repurchase up to that amount. And we are just steady as she goes. Nothing has changed about how we view it.
Peter Enns: Brian, maybe to revisit the context just to what Evan said, so we have about $1.6 billion left, so up to $1.6 billion through the first half of this year. And one more point in context as we looked at it. And this is not the framework we use this has come up on a prior call. But buybacks and dividends of $4.4 billion aggregate to about 75% of our income for the year, which we think is a reasonable way to compared to others. But it’s not actually how we manage it.
Brian Meredith: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hey. Good morning. First one I had is actually a follow-up on the last question. On the capital front, when you think through how strong the margins are, as you pointed out, and price adequacy across a lot of your business in a pretty strong place balanced with some of the comments you are making about the forward-looking casualty markets and so forth. How does that make you feel about your capital and your willingness to deploy into organic business at the moment, when we think about strong starting point, and the comments you have made about the next year in casualty potentially?
Evan Greenberg: Look, we have plenty of capital and firepower to support organic growth on our appetite, and I already said it around property, and it extends to any line of business. If we like the terms and the pricing on a risk-adjusted basis, we will grow our exposure period. Is that something to say. Volatility, if I am paid to take it.
Alex Scott: Understood. Second question was also a growth question, but on the life insurance business. Just wanted to see if you could help us think through now that you have completed the Cigna acquisition and you get into some of the integration and so forth, what does that look like and thinking out over the next year or 2 years in terms of being a growth engine for the company?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think it is both in earnings and it is both a source of earnings growth, and it is a source of revenue growth, particularly in Asia. And it is in both the risk ends of life insurance, which think about more accident and health oriented, which I have gone into detail about that. As well as protection, more traditional protection and savings business, think about it through a variety of distribution channels, agency direct marketing, telephone-based and the fast emergence of digital channels. Think about it in partnership with our non-life business, which are very active that way and that’s a competitive advantage for Chubb in life and Asia’s. Our integrated capability and distribution and product among life and non-life together to the same customers. Think about the growing consumer base. Middle income, in particular, and then high net worth, particularly in certain territories, China and Hong Kong based and the middle income from Korea to Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and think about this is the most dynamic region in the world when you think about long-term wealth creation. And I think the next 1 year or 2 years, sure, look good, but that’s not what’s on my mind. It’s the next 5 years to 10 years and how it’s now 20% of our business, Asia, and the majority of it is consumer, not commercial. And when I think across all lines, including the life and that business, to me, will represent a greater percentage of Chubb. And over time, you can’t measure it just quarter-to-quarter. But over a period of time, when you look at it, we will out – its growth trajectory will outpace the rest of the company.
Alex Scott: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good morning. First question is on the helpful paid-to-incurred ratio comments you provided us on the call, and obviously, we get them from the Qs and Ks too. But I was looking back, I can see that the underlying paid-to-incurred the items you called out has increased to 85%, up year-over-year from 81%. But if I look kind of back at pre-COVID years, pre, I guess substantial rate increases in terms of conditions changes, too, obviously, it was running in the low-90s. So, just curious at a high level, if you feel this ratio is kind of running kind of a little better than you expected? And maybe that’s for a good reason given the substantial changes in the marketplace over the last few years.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think it tells you a few things. We have grown our exposure a lot. And your first incurred losses and we are in a fast, we have been in a faster growth trajectory. So, when you conceptualize, we have grown more quickly exposure, incurred losses come and grow at a certain pace before the paids come through. So, on one hand, you have that. And then on the other hand, you have the strength and maybe it speaks ultimately to the strength of our reserves. And let’s just wait and see over time. It’s nothing, but good news.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks. That’s helpful. Follow-up is just I am curious if you could provide us with a kind of update on strategic priorities as regards to North America commercial kind of moving down market into small, medium-sized employer competitive sandbox. Is that still an inorganic strategic priority? And is M&A also on the table there? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: I will try to have M&A on the table. No, there is no M&A. I am looking at a table that is empty at the moment. It’s organic growth and we are endeavoring along and it is very digital and modern centric. And in concert with our middle market and lower middle market business. And the two of those, while the small commercial itself gets modernized into a digital enterprise, it is a consistent and very intense strategy in terms of management focus, resource and attention. I am looking at John Lupica, I am looking at John Keogh and we have the most senior executives with their eyes and Julie Dillman, who runs all of our IT and Ops and drives our transformation. From that end, we have got so much executive talent just focused and committed that this is an important future business to Chubb. And it is just – it’s consistent and it’s – you grind it out, yard-by-yard.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Karen Beyer, I will turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you everyone for joining us today. And if you have any questions, follow-up questions, we will be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Chubb Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It’s now my pleasure to turn today’s call over Ms. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, and welcome to our September 30, 2022, third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. And then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions this morning are several members of our management team. And now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had an excellent quarter in spite of cat losses with terrific underwriting results, including outstanding combined ratios, record net investment income, double-digit constant dollar P&C premium growth, well-balanced between commercial and consumer. And finally, surging Life division revenue growth with the addition of Cigna's Asia business. Commercial P&C pricing was strong and exceeded loss costs in aggregate and in most individual lines of business. Core operating income in the quarter was $1.3 billion, or $3.17 per share, up 20% over prior. In the quarter, we produced $710 million of underwriting income, up 15% with a published combined ratio of 93.1%, pre-tax catastrophe losses were $1.2 billion, of which $975 million was Ian. For the year, record underwriting income of $3.4 billion was up more than 40% or $1 billion leading to an 87.5% combined ratio, an improvement of nearly three points over prior year. Underpinning the published combined ratio was the ex-cat current accident year combined ratio, which was 84% for the quarter, adding to a record 837 for the year, simply stunning. Hurricane Ian was a large event distinguished by its size, wind speed and amount of water, both surge and flood. The models we use contemplate a cat three or greater event striking Florida about every three years. We are fully prepared to take cat risk and the associated volatility. After all, it's what we do for a living. As long as we are adequately compensated and the concentration of exposure is within our balance sheet wherewithal. In my judgment, current pricing for cat is inadequate in many portfolios, and property pricing should continue to adjust to the realities of the nat-cat [ph] environment, as well as the increased cost for reinsurance protection and potential lack of availability. Returning to the quarter. Investment income was a record $1.1 billion, up over 12% from prior year, topping $1 billion for the first time. As I noted in our recent calls, with rising interest rates and widening spreads, investment income is and will continue to rise. Our reinvestment rate is now averaging 5.8% against a portfolio yield of 3.4%. During the quarter, we continued to accelerate the turnover of our portfolio in a targeted way, so that we could put cash to work more quickly at higher yields. Investment income will make up a growing percentage of our company's earnings, as we look forward. Obviously, rising rates have produced a sizable negative mark on our invested asset. But as a reminder, we were a buy and hold fixed income investor and the market is transitory. To put a point on that, our portfolio credit quality is high, and we expect about half of the mark will accrete back to book value over about a two-year period. As you saw, the addition of Cigna's business in Asia, which we closed in the quarter is making an immediate contribution to revenue and earnings in line with what we expected. It is accretive to our consolidated results, including operating income and ROE. Peter will provide more information around the financial items. Turning to growth and the rate environment. Total P&C net written premiums globally increased 8.5% in the quarter on a published basis, or 11.2% in constant dollar, with commercial up 11.7% and consumer up over 9.5%. Consolidated net premiums for the company, which include our Life Insurance segment, increased 17.3% in constant dollars, reflecting the consolidation of the Cigna Asia business. P&C premium growth in earnings in the quarter were again balanced and broad-based, with contributions from virtually all our commercial businesses globally. Total North America premiums were up over 10.5% with commercial up 11.4% or 8.1% excluding agriculture and our high net worth personal lines business, up over 7% in the quarter. Overseas General grew 11.7% in constant dollars, but only 2% after FX, with commercial up 11% and consumer up 12.7%. With the strongest US dollar in 20 years, the negative impact of FX masks the real strength of our business. Agriculture premiums were up nearly 22% in the quarter, driven overwhelmingly by crop insurance growth, as a result of commodity price increases and market share gains, we produced near record underwriting income off the back of what we project to be a decent growing season. In terms of the commercial P&C rate environment, market conditions remain quite favorable for most lines of business. The vast majority of our portfolio is achieving favorable risk-adjusted returns. So additional rate is required, primarily to keep pace with loss cost which, as I have been saying, are hardly benign in both long-tail and short-tail lines. The market is reasonably disciplined. But given loss cost inflation, and what will be slowing growth and exposure in the future given economic conditions, casualty rates in most classes will need to rise at an accelerated rate or else the industry will fail to keep pace. In North America, growth this quarter in Commercial Lines was led by our Major Accounts and Specialty division, which grew 9.7%, followed by our Middle Market and Small Commercial business, which grew 5.7% and our Middle Market division, P&C lines grew almost 9%, while Financial Lines declined about 5.5%, primarily due to a lack of IPOs, M&A activity and new business. Renewal retention for our Retail Commercial business was virtually 100% on a premium basis. Overall rates in North America Commercial Lines, excluding comp, were up 5%, while total pricing, which includes rate and exposure increased 8.5%. We are staying on top of inflation in terms of pricing and reserving. In North America Commercial Lines, we assume loss cost trends of 6.5%, the same as the second quarter. In major accounts, which serves the largest companies in America, rates increased 5.3% with pricing up $8.6 and General casualty rates were up 8.7%. Property rates were up 9.7% and financial lines rates were up 4.3%. In our E&S wholesale business, rates increased 9%, with pricing up nearly 13%. Property rates were up about 11.5%. Casualty rates were up 8.5% and Financial Lines rates were up almost 9%. In our Middle Market business, rates increased 4.2%, excluding comp, with pricing up about 6.5%, rates for property were up over 6% and pricing was up double-digit, casualty rates were up 6.5%, with pricing up over 8% and comp rates were down 3.8%. However, comp pricing was up 6.5%. Financial Lines rates were up just over 1%, with pricing up about 2%. Our North America high net worth personal lines business had a very good quarter, with net premiums up over 7%, driven by strong new business activity. Our true high net worth client segment grew 12.5%, while overall retention was very strong at over 98%. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of about 11%, while the homeowners loss cost trend is running about 10.5%. Turning to our International General Insurance operations. In constant dollars, if you haven't noticed, 2022 is the best organic growth we have experienced in nearly a decade. In the quarter, retail commercial P&C premiums grew 12.3%, while London wholesale grew over 9.5%. Retail commercial growth was led by Latin America with premiums up 23.5%, followed by growth of nearly 15.5% in Asia Pacific and over 10% in our UK and Europe division. Internationally, like in the US, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our International Retail business, rates increased in the quarter 9%. While we estimate pricing was up about 12%. Rates varied by class and by region as well as country within region. Outside North America, we are currently trending loss costs at about 6.5%. Again, similar to the second quarter, though that varies by class of business and country. Like in North America, these trends factors are contemplated in both our reserving and in our accident year loss picks. International consumer lines growth in the quarter picked up considerable momentum with premiums up over 13%, though FX scrubbed about 11.5 points off the growth. Our international A&H division had an exceptionally strong quarter. Premiums grew over 22.5% in constant dollar with Asia Pac up over 34%, the UK up over 26% and Latin America up 17%. Our international personal lines business grew more modestly in the quarter, with premiums up 4.5% in constant dollar. Premiums in sub-life were up 117% in constant dollars and impacted heavily by the Cigna acquisition. Cigna's operation contributed about $740 million in net premiums written and $160 million in income to the Life segment this quarter. We have hit the ground running in terms of integration and execution of our growth strategies in Asia. So to sum it all up, all of our businesses across the globe contributed to growth and earnings in the quarter. We are firing on all cylinders. We are operating in a challenging economic environment, given inflation, the specter of recession and financial market volatility, as well as the geopolitical environment and the evolving risks from climate change. Despite all of that, looking forward, we are quite bullish on the future, given our growth and exceptional underwriting margins in our commercial and consumer P&C businesses, the strong trajectory for investment income and the contributions from the Cigna acquisition to our growing Asia Life business. We expect EPS to continue to grow at a healthy rate into the future. I'll turn the call over to Peter and then we're going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan. Good morning. Our strong underlying business performance continued in the third quarter, producing operating cash flow of $3.4 billion and contributing to a record $8.6 billion through nine months. We remain in a position of exceptional financial strength with over $63 billion in total capital and strong liquidity and with cash and short-term investments of $6.7 billion at quarter end, and this is after paying $5.4 billion cash for the Cigna business on July 1. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1 billion to shareholders, including $685 million in share repurchases at an average price of $186.22 and $346 million in dividends. Tangible book value per share decreased 15.2% since June reflecting changes in AOCI, which includes realized and unrealized losses of $3.6 billion after tax, resulting from rising interest rates on our fixed income portfolio and foreign currency translation losses of $466 million. Additionally, the increased goodwill and intangibles of $1.5 billion related to the Cigna acquisition, represented 370 basis points of the decrease. Excluding AOCI and Cigna, the tangible book value per share increased 0.4% since last quarter. We continue to expect to recover the Cigna dilution within six months, as we said when we announced the acquisition. Book value per share declined 7% for the quarter, reflecting those same AOCI factors. As you saw, the addition of Cigna's A&H and Life businesses in Asia are making an immediate contribution in line with what we expected. For the quarter, the acquisition contributed 7% accretion to operating EPS, 50 basis points to our annualized core operating ROE of 9.4% and 110 basis points to our tangible ROE of 14.4%. Our integration efforts are progressing well, and we are on track with expected expense synergies and net integration costs, as we previously announced. Almost all of Cigna's businesses are part of our Life segment. And going forward, we will not report on a stand-alone basis. We remain consistent and conservative in our investment strategy with 82% of our fixed income portfolio rate investment grade and do not contemplate any major change to our current asset allocation. The Cigna portfolio of approximately $4.3 billion is also high quality with an average credit rating of A+ and 96% of the fixed-income portfolio rated investment grade. As Evan noted, as rates continue to rise, our portfolio's reinvestment rate has increased from 2.3% in December to 5.8% on September 30, while our current book yield is 3.4% versus 3.2% in the in the second quarter. With market rates above our book yield, we have tactically taken advantage of opportunities to increase the portfolio's yield. We have been selectively utilizing gains from equity-related investments and interest rate hedges to fund turning over parts of the fixed income portfolio in this higher rate environment. This, along with the normal turnover of our portfolio, the addition of Cigna's investments as well as certain other items contributed to adjusted net investment income of $1.50 billion in the quarter. Updating our quarterly guidance, we now expect adjusted net investment income to be in the range of $1.40 billion to $1.60 billion. Relative to Hurricane Ian, approximately 77% of the pre-tax catastrophe losses were incurred in the commercial lines, 23% in personal lines. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $222 million pre-tax or $162 million after-tax. This is net of $73 million pre-tax adverse development from our legacy runoff exposures, principally environmental related. The remaining favorable development of $295 million is split approximately 11% long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2018 and prior and 89% in short-tail lines. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 75% or 79% after adjusting for cats and PPD. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.3%, which is above the high end of our previously announced annual range of 16.5% to 18.5%. This is primarily due to the Cigna acquisition and catastrophe losses in lower tax-paying jurisdictions in the quarter. We expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for the full year 2022 to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, Evan. Good morning everybody. Evan, I wanted to draw down on your comments on the loss trends in North America at 6.5%, your pricing and reserving above that. You talked about in the second quarter that what you're actually seeing in the market is somewhat below that. I assume that's still the case, but I wonder if that's narrowed a bit this quarter?
Evan Greenberg: It's similar.
Michael Phillips: Similar. Okay, great. And then industry level question. I was just curious your thoughts here. With all that's going on in the property category insurance market. Does that extend to other areas? Does that extend to primary casualty? And will that help lengthen the hard market? And how about in primary markets there?
Evan Greenberg: I don't see it that way. It's not a capital question for the reinsurance industry. It's a risk question. And do you want to deploy your capital against it? In casualty for the reinsurance industry, it's a different question. And that is -- they, too, their ability to recognize that on the casualty side of the business, loss cost trends are hardly benign for all the reasons that we know, and that pricing and rate needs to keep pace with that. So the industry stays on top of it. Reinsurers lag in their recognition of loss cost exposure. And that's at their own peril. They're not careful. So they need to recognize the environment. And I begin -- I believe we're beginning to do that in terms of the terms and conditions they provide insurers and that's more the response I see from the reinsurance industries -- the reinsurance industry in terms of casualty versus property. They both have their own dynamics.
Michael Phillips: Yeah. Okay, great. Thank you Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: David Motemaden, it's nice to hear from you.
David Motemaden: I've heard a lot of pronunciations over the years. So never seize this to amaze me.
Evan Greenberg: I get about -- it's been a while, too, by the way. I guess, strange pronunciations.
David Motemaden: Both tough ones. I was hoping just to get an update on the growth prospects for Chubb in the property market. You mentioned you have the capacity to grow here as long as you're compensated but some pricing still needs to accelerate from here. I guess, how should we think about the runway you have to capitalize on this? But I think is -- I think it's around 16% of your book right now, if I look across the P&C business. If I just thought about property as a percentage of total. Is there a -- is there a ceiling that you think about in terms of introducing too much nat cat risk into the earnings, or yes, I guess, just wondering how you're thinking about how much -- how big you want that to get?
Evan Greenberg: David, the 16% is a global number. And I think that's, first of all, the right way to think about it. We're a global company. And so when we think about property and growing property, it's a global opportunity to us. And so in that respect, absolutely, and it's -- it remains and is a growth area for us. What you then balance it against is we have a finite balance sheet. So we can only take so much concentration in any one geographic area when you imagine that the PML or the loss -- that concentration will produce over certain return periods against your capital. And then it's simply the question, are we paid adequately for the risk and for the volatility we take. And then the last item is reinsurance. And not just the cost of it, but availability because that's renting additional capital and our ability to do that. So -- and that is what impacts certain territories and that's not new. That's standard in how you shape your portfolio and think about concentration of exposure, but we're playing a global opportunity here.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe if I could just follow-up on the casualty rates. You mentioned that you think that rates need to increase at an accelerated pace or else the industry will fail to keep pace with trend. I guess -- could you just talk about what you're seeing across the various lines? It looks like Fin Pro [ph] or Professional Lines, Financial Lines might be taking a step down. It looks like you guys are remaining disciplined just based on your premiums growth and Financial Lines. But maybe just talk a little bit about that and how you think the market is placed and competitiveness in that line?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So I gave you kind of a breakdown in long-tail lines, and I won't give a further breakdown that way. But -- two or three points. One, when it comes to fin lines, experience has been quite good. Overall, when I look at our pricing, it produces favorable risk-adjusted returns. Market competitiveness has been in response to the absolute pricing levels and to experience, but there's plenty of risk out there. And while it's become competitive and is reasonably rational, it can't continue this way into the future or else, frankly, it becomes irrational and would be naive. We have remained disciplined and we are disciplined. There are certain pockets where we deem pricing and it's on the margin to be irrational and therefore, we walk away. On the other hand, what is impacting growth and I reiterate it, remember, you're coming off of a very hot market last year. Interest rates were low. Equity markets were elevated. There was so much money around. There was a ton of M&A and IPO and that produced more exposure. We're in a different world today and so that exposure has shrunk, and that does impact growth as well.
David Motemaden: Got it. That make sense. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning everybody. Maybe following up on a couple of the previous questions. With the reinsurance market hardening, what is the opportunity set that you see for Chubb as a result of this hardening in? Are you going to lean further into reinsurance? Are you going to take more net on the primary side? How are you thinking about the dynamics there?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I'm hardly going to read my playbook to you for broadcast out there. In that regard, just stay tuned. But beyond that, property cat is not a growth area for Chubb. Property cat re is not a growth area. Not of any significance.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe changing direction a little bit here. I was curious as to your stated thoughts on China and the opportunities out there, especially with Huatai in the face of the political and economic changes there?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. First of all, we expect to announce the Huatai approval from the China regulator of the Huatai transaction imminently. So that will be shortly. Secondly, look, I see China as a long-term, medium and long-term opportunity for Chubb and you got to be patient. Of course, and I'll say it right upfront, the trajectory of China from a geopolitical perspective, wilderness [ph] authoritarian, political system, United States and Europe, so the Western world, democratic, individual rights oriented and the geopolitical aspirations of China and versus the balance of versus the US. If we don't find a way to coexist, we're on a path towards conflict. That risk is out there, and you know that. The party and with now the full consolidation of power under sheet, that's not a surprise. It's just the curtain was pulled back on it and it was crisply displayed over the last 1.5 weeks. But that's not a surprise. The consolidation of party control over the economy and industrial policy, and the notion of ideology and security over-economic growth as a priority, in my judgment, will ultimately be against China's own interest. She has an ambitious agenda and to fulfill that and address financial market and economic weakness, you got to have economic growth. The pie has to grow. And my own view is over a reasonable period of time, I don't know, is it one year? Is it three years? They will -- they will be forced to moderate their approach to economic policy -- their ideology, but their approach to economic policy. Practically in their own interest because they need economic growth. And so when it comes to what I [ph], in the short term, we face those economic headwinds there without a doubt. We had a sense of that. But in time and over the medium and longer term, if we don't get in a shooting war, we're optimistic and about the long term that we're making. It is the second largest economy in the world and the need for insurance will continue to grow and that we control. We are the first foreigner to control of financial services holdco in China, I think, is a long-term asset for the company and we're stewards of long-term capability for this organization. And so I'm balancing the risk and the reward. In the short-term, I don't expect it to be a major contributor to Chubb's growth and earnings. But in the longer term, I do. And finally, on a micro level, I'd say this. Our ability to operate in China, Chubb as a foreigner, we have a good reputation. And I -- and I see that we won't face any more regulatory issues or discrimination from all I can see that Chinese companies themselves will face. And in that regard, I see us on a level playing field.
Yaron Kinar: Thanks for that comprehensive answer and looking forward things to come.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi thanks. Good morning Evan. My first question, in your prepared remarks, you pointed to casualty rates needing to go up because you said that there could be slowing exposure. So -- and you also see positive on pricing following the hurricane. So, I know you gave us a lot of color on North America commercial pricing? So, is the overall view that, that 5% rate, which I know excludes exposure that that's going to start to trend up in the fourth quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, your two-pin quarter-to-quarter on data point. I'm looking over -- I'm giving -- I picked my head up and try to give an overall landscape, longer term view without pinning to this period or that period precisely, I think it misses the point. That's the best I can give you. The fact is inflation and loss cost trend is there. The fact is I don't know what quarter, but exposure growth, the industry lags, exposure growth is likely to come down because economic growth is shrinking. And that's just going to equal exposure growth shrinking. So, if you look out in the future, not necessarily the fourth quarter. I'm not prognosticating quarter-to-quarter. The rate is going itself is going to have to rise if the industry is going to stay on top of loss cost. And I guarantee you one thing, Chubb is going to stay on top of loss cost.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then my second question, you guys completed the Cigna deal, Evan it sounds like you're close to announcing approval for Huatai -- increase in stake in Huatai. Can you just give us an update on the M&A pipeline and how that's kind of, I guess, changed over the past year?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, as you know, I don't -- I don't talk about what we're looking at or not looking at on that. What I can tell you is right now, Chubb is at rest. And M&A is not something that's on my immediate radar. Building our balance sheet, having flexibility of capital is on my radar. And I believe we're in a period where weakness will show over time in the future. Given economic and financial market and on conditions and as I look out into the future, and we are quite patient people.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks Evan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Good morning Evan and Peter and several members of the management team. Evan, in your previous answer on China, maybe you can pivot to other areas of the globe, Europe and other areas. And I guess what I'm trying to think about or understand how you're thinking about growth, especially when there's things -- the emerging energy availability crisis, supply chain issues, food security, and you've posted some substantial growth numbers this year. Just trying to think about, how to frame it for next year with all these headwinds?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- it's not a clear picture. And every area of the world is behaving a bit differently. You see the idiosyncratic nature of the US economy that relative to other places, it's got a lot of resilience to it. Employment continues to grow, the economy is intrinsically strong on a broad-based basis and consumers thank the US government have a lot of money in their pocket. That part will be transient. And with the Fed's actions, which I think are the right actions, and I believe the set is going to be patient and stay high for longer. I think they know the lessons, and they're going to make sure inflation is running out of this. The US economy will slow down. No doubt and whether -- and you already see it. And whether we go into a recession or not is a question mark. And my own belief is, if we do, it will be relatively mild. You go to Europe, and Europe is a different picture. They were not experiencing strong economic growth prior to Ukraine. They have the war in Ukraine and energy availability and what that is doing is they start to ration energy on what it's doing to industry and to growth. But at the same time, for the insurance industry in certain areas, the risk environment has changed. And that benefits pricing and rate environment. And I think it benefits opportunity for us, even in the face of all of that. I turn to the Lloyd's [ph] market, that is so heavily reinsurance levered and with reinsurance market contraction and our balance sheet capability, and it's another window to look on the world, and so I see opportunities as we go forward. I moved to Asia, where recession has not bitten in most of Asia. You don't see that. You see inflation picking up on what the future looks like really varies by country. But overall, Asia growth is pretty good. And what I see for our business is a lot of opportunity to continue to grow. It's a very balanced business -- jobs business in Asia between consumer and commercial, between accident and health, whether it's in life or non-life, and our consumer businesses there versus P&C and middle market versus large commercial, it's actually our most balanced business in Chubb around the world. And the opportunities there, I see, whether there's a short-term impact here or there based on economic activity, I can't see that yet, but whether there is or not is transient to me. And I see through that, I see a lot of growth opportunity. So, when I add it all up on balance and given the broad nature of our business, I'm pretty bullish on growth as we go forward, though, of course, I'm cautious as I'm aware about the external environment and the recessionary conditions and inflation, which no one has a perfect handle on.
Greg Peters: Yes, that makes sense. Thanks. I guess I'll pivot and...
Evan Greenberg: You got it. The number. That's your job, not my job. I got – I feel really optimistic about the company.
Greg Peters: When you're growing your gross premium written at 11-plus percent, it's not a bad stat to throw out there, at least for this year so far. I'd like to -- as I've asked in previous calls, the expense ratio improvement. And if I just look at the year-to-date, just not the quarter number, but the year-to-date number, I assume some of that's a reflection of the growth and the leverage you have off the top line that you're generating. Can you give us a sense of what's transient and relates to growth? And then what's actually permanent in terms of true improvements in efficiencies? And maybe give us some color on what's actually driving that improvement?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to answer it that way for you, but I'm going to try to give you a little more color around it. Let's see if I can frame this, though, for you, which is what you really need is a framing of how we think about it. Aside from the business mix, and seasonality, which impacts the ratio a little bit quarter-to-quarter. The company, an OpEx portion, in particular, is going to continue to improve over time. And I think about that as over a longer period of time. We already run a world-class ratio of efficiency. So let's just start with that. And it's like interest rates dropping percentages that they turn out to be smaller and smaller basis points over time. But so success can be your enemy a little bit. But it's in our culture and operating guidelines that we -- and this has always been true. We grow revenue faster than expense. Now I balance that, though, on the other side, that we -- it's balanced against adding investments in our business to constantly improve our capabilities and efficiencies for future periods. So on one hand, the discipline is we grow expense. We start out growing expense slower. And I'm not going to give -- I'm not going to disclose inside baseball, but we actually have ironclad, reasonably ironclad parameters around that of how much we'll grow expense relative to revenue. But then we balance that against investments we also make to improve efficiencies for the future -- for future periods. So it's the point that while it's efficient, it will continue to improve, and by the way, particularly in our COG operation. That's where I think there is real room for that. And I'm looking at right at Juan Luis, who feels the heat, and there you go.
Greg Peters: I can use some of that. So thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Which part can you use?
Greg Peters: The heat for, Juan Luis.
Evan Greenberg: Oh, Juan Luiz. Do you want to add to that?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Evan Greenberg: Hi Tracy.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Good morning. Hey, turning to investments. It looks like you've been slightly extending the duration of your assets in the last few quarters. It's now at 4.5 years. I think historically, it's been closer to four years. I'm wondering if you're still at or below the duration of your liabilities. Or should we expect further extension of asset duration from here given the Cigna acquisition? I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of where you're seeing investment opportunities given the shape of the yield curve, which is less kind of at the longer end, than what we see?
Evan Greenberg: Tracy, our assets, our liabilities our -- the duration of our liabilities is greater than our asset duration, right now, our invested asset duration by actually a comfortable spread. And no, we don't expect at this moment, we don't see extending duration. And we're not paid to extend duration. And we're not doing that. But mix of business, Cigna has impacted it too. And Peter, did you want to add?
Peter Enns: Yeah. Tracy, the vast majority of the change you saw relates to two on. One is the Cigna assets coming on, which had a slightly longer duration, which reflects their underlying business. And secondly, mortgage-backed securities, extending out just with a higher rate environment. So there's nothing that we've done proactively or decisively to affect that ratio.
Tracy Benguigui: Perfect. Thank you for confirming that. On the Cigna earning contribution of $160 million, that's tracking ahead of your $450 million annual run rate. So is $450 million still the right run rate, or are you more constructive, you could earn more on a quarter basis?
Peter Enns: So what I said was consolidating this into our Life segment going forward. We provided guidance on the initial announcement, and then we gave an update around the earnings accretion. So we don't want to provide ongoing guidance around what that income is going to look like. We just wanted to give you comfort that we were hitting our numbers.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Two -- hopefully two questions. First, in the Life Insurance segment, is there anything unusual in Cigna's results from seasonality or anything other that wouldn't recur, or is this like a reasonable depiction of the earnings flow?
Peter Enns: There was nothing unusual in the earnings. There was a slight increase on a relative basis for some COVID charges in the prior year, in the other international businesses, not Cigna. So the current is what it is.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And then, Evan, I think this is a big picture question. You talked about casualty rates needing to pick up some steam. Does the industry face sort of irresistible momentum that will make that difficult or impossible or am I too pessimistic on its agility as an industry?
Evan Greenberg: Can you say that again?
Meyer Shields: Yeah. I'm wondering, so right now, we're seeing some signs of competition emerging in some commercial -- in some casualty lines. And historically, obviously, this industry has been tremendously cyclical, which means things get a little worse and then they get a little worse from that. And I'm wondering whether your perception of the industry, I'm not worried about Chubb, but is your perception of the industry that it has the agility to resist that momentum this time around?
Evan Greenberg: Look, I can't prognosticate the future. I think rationally, major players have the same kind of data that we do, and they have experience and they see the same trends on the casualty side. And I'm not ringing an alarm bell so that we keep perspective here. Pricing is staying ahead. I'm looking longer into the future and anticipating not what we're seeing at the moment and that it doesn't take a genius to imagine that exposure growth will not continue to benefit that. So the industry will have to get more rate. And we're in a loss cost environment where inflation, it's an inflationary environment. Inflation is running higher than it has in the past. So it will get away from the industry at a much more rapid pace at their peril. If they don't get this, anticipate it and operationalize it in a reasonable period of time so that rate responds. And at the moment, I just play by the facts, and I am dead neutral about it. But I think most -- look, I look where Chubb's combined ratios are and then I look where others are. And there's not a lot of room for forgiveness in most companies' combined ratios. So I have to believe they will be rational.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey thanks. Good morning, Evan. Couple for you. First one, combined US, it's been trending downwards here all year. I know you've got a recession coming up, which probably is tough from a growth perspective. But what's going on there, and are there any kind of fixes going on?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. And it's a great question. I'm glad you actually asked that question. Combined US is actually -- I'm quite optimistic about it. Here's a deal. COVID really, really impacted it because of two things. Individual -- it's individual agency sales business, going small business by small business or individual by individual, and they pay you monthly premiums. Agency sales during COVID just dried up. And then it's worksite sales, worksite benefits, voluntary benefits to small and medium-sized businesses in particular. And during COVID dramatically hit. And again, that's monthly pay business. We're actually investing. And I'm actually investing money in combined retooling both agency and worksite, which we've done in a very dramatic way. And we're seeing the improvement begin to show to us in new business sales. Now frankly, it's going to take Route 23, before it really shows or before new business on the monthly volume of that and how it turns into renewal business to really show against the total base that has a natural lapse rate in it. And I see combined as a growth business. And for myself, where it will really show to you is 2024 onwards.
Brian Meredith: Great. That's helpful. And then second question…
Peter Enns: That's the boiler room facts around it.
Brian Meredith: Got you. That makes sense. A second question, Evan, can you remind us how much of your Commercial business is, call it E&S or non-admitted? And do you ascribe to the theory that the E&S market, so the non-admitted markets will continue to grow at a faster rate than the admitted markets here, just given the complexity of risks?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it's going to vary by line of business. If you're going to get a property cat exposed, yeah. Though I think the E&S market is going to have pressure because of reinsurance availability and capital that uses E&S to front for it. I think that's going to -- I think that problem is in front of the E&S market overall. But rate, while that may impact its overall exposure growth, I think rate is going to overwhelm it. On the other side of the coin, I think on the casualty side, the admitted market is -- which gave up a lot of volume to the E&S side of the house. I see that actually probably growing faster on the admitted side than the E&S side as we go forward.
Brian Meredith: Interesting. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: I can only be wrong. From my point of view, I'm playing both tables aggressively where I see opportunity in rationally. So whoever wins the race, wins the race.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi. Good morning. I had a follow-up on the reinsurance cost, potentially going up and you talked a lot about the opportunities. I just thought I'd ask about Chubb is a buyer of reinsurance. Could you provide any information on the cost of your current catastrophe reinsurance programs? And anything you might add that help us think about how those prices may go up at the end of the year?
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not answering that question. The only thing I'm the answer is we're not a January 1. We don't renew our catastrophe reinsurance January 1. Thank you very much.
Alex Scott: Okay. And maybe just one quick one on the Life Insurance business, I mean, do you anticipate any kind of change to the run rate of earnings from the accounting changes that are going into effect at the end of the year?
Peter Enns: Nothing we can disclose at this time.
Alex Scott: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn today's call back over to Ms. Karen Beyer.
End of Q&A:
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your calls. Enjoy the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome to our June 30, 2022, second quarter earnings conference call.  Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com, for more information on factors that could affect these matters.  We will also refer today to non-GAAP measures -- financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement.  Now I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. And then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team.  And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a very strong quarter with record operating income driven by outstanding underwriting and investment results as well as double-digit, constant dollar P&C premium growth. Pricing was strong and exceeded loss costs in commercial lines, even as we increased the inflation factors we are using in our loss ratios in anticipation of future increases to loss cost.  Meanwhile, growth in our consumer businesses continued to accelerate. Core operating income in the quarter was a record $1.8 billion or $4.20 per share, up 16% over prior year. For the year, we have produced over $8 per share, up nearly 31%.  Our second quarter underwriting results were simply lights out: $1.4 billion of underwriting income, which was up 21% over prior, with a published combined ratio of 84%, both record results; catastrophe losses in the quarter were reasonably right -- light relative to our expected losses and virtually flat with last year's second quarter; the P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, was 83.5%, a nearly 2-point improvement over prior year.  On the other side of the balance sheet, adjusted net investment income was a record $950 million for the quarter. As you know, we are predominantly a buy-and-hold fixed-income investor. Given rising interest rates and widening spreads, investment income is and will continue to rise.  Our reinvestment rate is now averaging 4.7% against a portfolio yield of 3.2%. We've begun to thoughtfully and meaningfully accelerate the turnover of our portfolio in a targeted manner so that we can put cash to work more quickly at higher yields.  Spreads have moved to more historical averages among the various fixed-income classes. And the wind-down of QE could create more volatility and put more pressure on spreads in the future, which would benefit us. Peter will have more to say about these and other financial items.  As you saw, we completed the acquisition of the Cigna business. As we had previously announced, the addition of Cigna's A&H and life business in Asia will be immediately accretive to core operating income per share and ROE. We have spent the past 6 to 8 months planning the integration to generate the revenue and earning power the combination of our businesses together in each country should achieve. We are off to a rapid start and are beginning to execute.  Having just come back from Asia and met with the teams in Korea and Thailand, morale among our new and existing colleagues is quite high, and there's a great sense of optimism in what the future holds for our business in the region. Our Cigna colleagues who are joining us, starting leadership, are a great fit with Chubb and our culture.  Now turning to growth in the rate environment. Total P&C premiums globally increased 9% in the quarter on a published basis or 11% in constant dollars, with commercial up 12% and consumer up 8%. Growth in the quarter remains broad based with contributions from virtually all commercial businesses globally, from large corporate to middle market to small, from traditional to specialty, and most all regions of the world. Commercial P&C premiums for North America were up 12.5% or 8.7% excluding agriculture. While in Overseas General, commercial lines grew 13% in constant dollar. And we then scrub 6 points of FX to arrive at the published result.  Agriculture premiums were up 44% in the quarter driven overwhelmingly by crop insurance growth. Commodity prices plus growth in market share produced this result. Looking forward, we will have a very strong crop insurance revenue growth in the third quarter as well.  In terms of the Commercial P&C rate environment, market conditions overall remained favorable, while the level of rate increases is moderating. The vast majority of our portfolio is achieving favorable risk-adjusted returns, and additional rate is therefore required primarily to keep pace with loss costs, which are hardly benign.  The rate environment is naturally becoming a bit more competitive, particularly in certain casualty-related classes as more carriers seek to now grow. The market is reasonably disciplined, and I expect it will remain so given not only the specter of loss cost inflation, but the presence of other risk exposures such as climate change, the war in Ukraine, the litigation environment, cyber and the overall cost of reinsurance. Plenty of reminders to managements to get paid for the exposure underwritten.  In the quarter in North America, total Commercial P&C premiums, excluding agriculture, grew 8.7%. Growth this quarter in commercial lines was led by our Major Accounts & Specialty Division, which grew about 10.5%, followed by our middle market and small commercial business, which grew about 6.5%. Renewal retention for our retail commercial businesses was a very strong 101% on a premium basis.  Overall rates increased in North America commercial lines 7%, while total pricing, which includes rate and exposure, increased over 10.5%. Remember, most but not all of the exposure change helps to ameliorate loss costs.  In major accounts, which serves the largest companies in America, rates increased over 8% with pricing up 11.6%. General casualty rates were up nearly 13% and varied by class of casualty. While risk management-related comp in GL were up about 4%. Property rates were up around 9% and financial lines rates were up nearly 7.5%.  In our E&S wholesale business, rates increased by just under 10% with pricing up over 14%. Property rates were up over 13%. Casualty was up 8.5% and financial lines rates were up 9.5%.  In our middle market business, rates increased nearly 7%, excluding comp, with pricing up about 9%. Rates were -- for property were up 5%. Casualty rates were up over 7%. And comp rates were down 4.3%. However, comp pricing was up over 5% when taking into account exposure change. And finally, financial lines rates were up over 10%.  Turning to loss costs for a minute. We increased our loss cost trends in North America to 6.5% in anticipation of rising costs, meaning the actual trends we are observing at this time are lower. Again, the 6.5% is compared to pricing that was up over 10.5%.  In general, we are trending loss costs for short-tail classes close to 7%, up from 6.5% last quarter. In long-tail, excluding workers' comp, we're trending at 6.5%, up from 6%. And our first-dollar comp book is trending between 4% and 4.5%. These trend factors are contemplated in both our pricing and in our accident year loss picks in the quarter.  Turning to our international general insurance operations. Retail Commercial P&C premiums grew 12.5% in constant dollars, while our London wholesale business grew over 10%. Retail commercial growth varied by region, with premiums up 14% in Asia Pacific, followed by growth of over 13% in Latin America. Our U.K. and Europe division was up nearly 12%. Internationally, like in the U.S., we continued to achieve improved rate-to-exposure across our commercial portfolio.  In our international business, rates increased in the quarter about 9.5%, while we estimate pricing was up about 12%. Rates varied by class and by region as well as country within region. Outside North America, we are currently trending loss costs at about 6.5%, up from 4%, though that varies by class of business and country. Loss cost factors we are using for short-tail are now running over 7. And in long-tail, we're trending at about 6. Again, these factors are contemplated in both our pricing and in our accident year loss in the quarter and, like in North America, are higher than actual observed trends.  International consumer lines growth in the quarter continued to pick up momentum as premiums increased over 12%, though FX then scrubbed about 7.5 points off the growth. Premiums in our international A&H business grew over 12% in constant dollar, with Latin America up over 19% and Asia Pacific up 13%, while our international personal lines grew 12%.  Net premiums in our North America high net worth personal lines business were up 4.7% on the back of record new business activity. Our true high net worth client segment grew 12%, while overall retention was very strong at nearly 98%.  In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing of about 10%, while the homeowners loss cost trend is running about 10% as well.  To sum it all up, we had simply an excellent quarter. And as I look ahead, I am mindful of the world and the conditions in which we operate, including inflation, the specter of recession, the war and energy and food security problems globally.  With all that, we have a lot of broad-based momentum and earning power in our organization that gives me confidence. Commercial P&C growth and pricing are favorable, our consumer lines business growth is accelerating, our life company revenue and earnings will accelerate with the addition of the Cigna business in Asia. Asia is now a $7.5 billion region for our company. Our underwriting margins are excellent, and our investment income will grow nicely due to rising rates and strong cash flow. We are well positioned for continued excellent EPS growth well into the future.  I'll turn the call over to Peter, and then we'll come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Good morning, everyone. As you just heard from Evan, we had another excellent quarter. In addition to the record results, we ended the second quarter in a position of exceptional financial strength. Our strong underlying performance produced operating cash flow of $2.7 billion for the quarter and $5.2 billion for the first 6 months.  Our balance sheet remains strong. We have $68 billion in total capital. We continue to remain extremely liquid with cash and short-term investments of $10.6 billion at quarter end or $5.2 billion after accounting for the cash that was paid on July 1 for the Cigna deal.  Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders, including $1.1 billion in share repurchases and $348 million in dividends. Through the 6 months ended June 30, we have returned $2.8 billion to shareholders.  The current quarter included after-tax realized mark-to-market losses on our private and public equities of $489 million compared to gains of $794 million last year. Also included are after-tax losses on sales of fixed maturities of $279 million, in part to advance our portfolio turnover strategy.  Book and tangible book value per share decreased 7.7% and 11.6%, respectively, from last quarter driven by the continuing impact of rising interest rates on our investment portfolio and unfavorable foreign currency movements.  Net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter were $5.4 billion after tax. In the quarter, adjusted net investment income of $950 million was above the top end of our estimated range and benefited from higher interest income from floating-rate securities and higher reinvestment yields resulting from portfolio turnover in this more attractive interest rate environment. We are remaining consistent and conservative in our investment strategy with 82% of our fixed-income portfolio rated investment grade, and we intend to maintain our historical allocation across investment assets.  As Evan noted, with rising rates, our portfolio's reinvestment rate has increased year-to-date from 2.3% in December to 4.7% at June 30. Our current book yield is 3.2% versus 3% in the first quarter. As a reminder, every 100 basis point increase in our investment yield generates approximately $1.2 billion pretax of net investment income.  Updating our quarterly guidance, we now anticipate adjusted net investment income over the next quarter to be in the range of $980 million to $1 billion. And we expect the quality of this income to be high as the vast majority of it will be predictable yield-oriented income and very little from more volatile sources like PE distributions and call premiums.  Our reported ROE for the quarter was 9%, and our core operating return on tangible equity was 18.6%. Our core operating ROE was 12.4%.  Pretax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $291 million from weather-related events globally with approximately 79% in the U.S. and 21% internationally. We had favorable prior period development of $247 million pretax in the quarter, split approximately 1/3 in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2017 and prior, and 2/3 in short-tail lines. The current period included a charge for molestation claims related to reviver statutes of $155 million. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 83%.  Our core operating effect tax rate for the quarter was 17.7%, which is slightly above the high end of our previously guided 2022 annual range of 15.5% to 17.5%. This was due primarily to growth in higher-tax jurisdictions and the negative impact of adverse market conditions on assets supporting certain employee benefit programs. With an updated forecast of income jurisdiction, along with the closing of the acquisition of Cigna's business, we now expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for the full year 2022 to be in the range of 16.5% to 18.5%.  As you saw, we completed the purchase of Cigna's A&H and life businesses in Asia. Our expectations regarding the earnings and expense synergies from Cigna remain consistent with or better than previous disclosures. As a reminder, we reported an expected $450 million of core operating income, assuming a close date of January 1, 2022. With the acquisition completed July 1, we will have a full quarter of earnings in the third quarter. We now expect expense synergies to reach a run rate of about $100 million pretax, which is higher than our initial estimate. To achieve the run rate savings, we expect onetime integration costs over the next 2 years to be about $140 million.  I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We take our first question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Congrats on a solid quarter again, guys. First question is on -- particularly around accident years '20 and '21 with the nuances from COVID. So Evan, any concerns there of more higher-than-average, I guess, late reported claims coming in down the pipe later than you otherwise would expect for these two accident years?
Evan Greenberg: I'm sorry, accident year 2020 but related to what again?
Michael Phillips: Yes, those two accident years because of COVID may be impacting late reported claims. And so are you -- or do you have any concerns that, that might be -- we might be seeing some more claims reported later than otherwise would be the case for those 2 years?
Evan Greenberg: No, no. Not at all.
Michael Phillips: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: I'll remind you, quite the opposite. When we booked the '20 and '21 accident years, we imagined that those years would remain on trend as we trend years forward with inflation costs, et cetera. We didn't -- we just expected that the reporting pattern of claims, and therefore the payments of claims, might come later. But that those accident years would behave reasonably normally, we just didn't come off trend. So our reserves reflect all of that. I've been saying that for the last couple of years.
Michael Phillips: Yes. Okay. And then just a particular question on the segments, if I could. In Overseas General, I guess their production in Europe seems to be down a bit, and I just wondered if there's any particular nuances there in the quarter. Or maybe just some outlook in Europe for Overseas General?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, Europe grew -- I'm sorry, we might see it a little different. Europe grew 12% on a constant dollar basis. You then have foreign exchange, of course, the impact of the euro and the pound. But the underlying health and growth, very strong.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So underlying is still strong in Europe and more just FX impact there as well?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, you can -- and by the way, you could see it all in the supplement. Look on the Overseas General page. I can't recall the page number, but you can look in the lower left-hand corner and you'll see by region growth. I can't remember kids' birthdays, but I can remember stuff like that.
Operator: We're moving forward to David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Just a question on North America commercial. The underlying loss ratio there, very strong improvement. Was most of that pricing coming in above the new loss trend assumption? Or was there anything else in there related to structured transactions or noncap property losses that impacted that ratio?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And remember, you're looking on an earned basis, not a written basis. So I just want to give you a nuance that when you talk about coming in above the new loss cost trends and all of that, this is the earned, not the written we're talking about when you get to loss ratio.  And it's broad based. It's across most -- all product lines contributed to the improvement. And the difference in structured transactions -- its impact was really de minimis, tiny. This was just broad-based improvement of rate that exceeded trend across our portfolio and as it earns in.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then, I guess, just maybe -- hoping maybe to get -- and thanks for the color on the loss ratio -- or, I'm sorry, on the loss cost trend changes. I was just wondering on the long-tail lines, changes in both North America and in Overseas General. Was there anything specific in the environment outside of just general inflation in the environment such as court reopenings? Or any sort of -- anything you're seeing in the legal environment that led to that change?
Evan Greenberg: No. None. Just our judgment around the general loss cost environment, both the trend we have observed, been observing in legal and in nonlegal. And then you have inflation in wages and medical costs and all of the inputs that would go into this. And again, it's not the -- it's not what we're observing today, but we're just looking ahead and trying -- and anticipating and staying on top of it.
David Motemaden: Got it. And a follow-up, I guess, is, is it a wide difference between what you're observing and what the new trend is? Or any sort of quantification on that, on how big the difference is between observed and actual -- or, I'm sorry, actual and projected?
Evan Greenberg: It really varies by line of business. And you have both frequency and severity inputs into loss cost trends in any one line of business, and it does just vary. So -- but overall, what I'm -- for proprietary reasons, I'm not going to go into the actual that we are experiencing, but I'm giving you what we're using this trend, which is, I think, better than you're getting anywhere else.
Operator: We take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Evan, I was hoping to get some forward view just on the pricing environment, right? You guys said loss trend around 6.5%. The disclosure you gave on your pricing, right, is still above that trend level. And you pointed to concerns about inflation. We also have to deal with courts reopening, Ukraine, right? You listed things that you guys are concerned about. As you think out, how long do you think the pricing momentum and rate can stay on top of that loss trend?
Evan Greenberg: Well, look, Elyse, if I had a perfect crystal ball, I wouldn't be in this business. I'd go do something else. I can't predict the future. But my sense when I look at the tone of the market and the kind of indicators my colleagues look at and that I look at, the market I think there -- and I said it in my commentary. I think the market is, on one hand, becoming more competitive as companies rationally want to grow in what is an adequately rated environment. On the other hand, I see the -- or it can have a sense of the kind of reactions companies are having themselves to loss cost and inflation. It's very transparent -- reasonably transparent in pricing, in values selected in short-tail classes that they apply price against: so inflation factors and property values, et cetera.  And the market is reasonably -- is rational to me at this time, and -- even though it's becoming more competitive. And rates naturally, like in anything else, they -- trees just don't grow to the sky. And so they've achieved adequacy in most all of our portfolio, so rates need to -- fundamentally, rate and exposure together, pricing needs to keep pace with that. And I see the market at this time rational that way.  And I don't see signs that it's going the other way. I see rates people are charging are reasonably -- should -- ought to produce reasonable results. On the margin, there's -- there are people doing dumb things. And you see it, but it's anecdotal. And you always see dumb things. So I feel reasonably confident, but that's as far as I can give you.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then now that you guys have closed on the Cigna deal, do you have a sense -- can we get a sense of what the excess capital impact on your ROE is following that transaction?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, we're not going to update it every bloody quarter. It doesn't move around that much. We gave you -- in the first quarter, we gave you a number. We also said that it contemplated the Cigna deal.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one. Did you guys release any COVID reserves this quarter? I don't think you called that out, Peter.
Peter Enns: No.
Operator: We take our next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Charles Peters: I guess I'm going to pivot to the investment income commentary. Evan, in your comments, you talked about being largely a hold-to-maturity investor or having that strategy. And then you also highlighted the sale of some fixed-maturity securities to take advantage of the new yields. You talked about the book yield being at 3.2%.  If I were to infer from your commentary, it sounds like you might be accelerating the sales and shifting your strategy from the hold-to-maturity to more like a trading just to upgrade on the yields. But I want to put words in your mouth. Maybe you can give us some color on that.
Evan Greenberg: I'm going to turn it over to Tim Boroughs in a second and Peter. But I want to straighten out one thing in your mind that I've also read that 1 or 2 of you wrote.  Held to maturity, if you're going to use that term, is a very specific accounting -- GAAP accounting term. And there are rules around it. If you have something in the held-to-maturity portfolio, which we have a held-to-maturity portfolio, that is a security that, as designated, will not be sold. And you can only sell it under very prescriptive circumstances, i.e., an impairment, avoiding and around managing impairment. And I'm looking at my Chief Accounting Officer who's surprised. I can recall those rules. But that's held to maturity.  We're a buy-and-hold portfolio predominantly. What that says is our intention, all things being equal, is we hold to maturity, but we have the ability to trade.  And by the way, we do trade and -- to take advantage of yields. But overall, the portfolio is held. And so losses will amortize back to par over time. And that's the overall portfolio statement.  Now about where we are beyond that, I'm going to turn it over to Tim and Peter.
Timothy Boroughs: Yes, this is Tim, Tim Boroughs. In this environment, with rates rising, first of all, as Evan and Peter mentioned, we have a gap of about 150 basis points between our book and market yield. And this is like Nirvana for bond investors. We're happy campers, right? As new cash flow and maturities come in, for the first time in almost 10 years, we're actually picking up yield. So that's a good thing.  I think in this environment, we're going to focus -- I want to emphasize, we're going to focus on risk-adjusted returns. We're not going to reach for yield and will remain -- we're going to maintain a very high-quality bias.  When we talk about accelerating the turnover, as Evan emphasized, this is going to take place in the same sectors for which those securities are sold. So these tactical moves are incorporated in the investment income guidance that Peter provided, and they're not going to have any material impact on the average credit quality of the portfolio. And obviously, they're going to help to accelerate the rise in book yield.
Charles Peters: Got it. I guess just as a follow-up on that answer, just trying to understand the magnitude and the timing. I'm not sure you're prepared to give us much on that, but I had to throw it out there as a duty. Can you give us some sense of the magnitude you're talking about?
Timothy Boroughs: I would say, as I said, anything that we now contemplate is incorporated in the guidance that Peter gave.
Charles Peters: Got it.
Timothy Boroughs: And the preponderance of the increase in the guidance, Greg, comes from net interest income. So I think that's the point.
Charles Peters: Got it. Okay. My second question...
Evan Greenberg: The only other thing I will add is it'll continue to accelerate from there.
Charles Peters: All right. The second question will be on Cigna and Asia. We've observed some other large public companies in the insurance market, either accident health, supplemental health, struggle to generate growth in Asia in the last several quarters, if not the last couple of years. So you've talked about the return factor for the Cigna transaction. Can you talk about how you think about growth of that business over the intermediate term?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, I think what we just told you is, is our A&H business, which is not a small business in Asia, the Chubb A&H business is close to a $1 billion business. That business grew a healthy double digit in the second quarter. We just gave you that number. So let me start with that perspective.  And secondly, our strategy for Cigna-Chubb together, the value creation is going to come from two things. The efficiencies/expense are just one part. That's not the interesting part to make, it's the ability to create revenue, and therefore earnings growth, from the combination of the two companies. And it's the -- it's -- we're the only company I know of in Asia that has a unified life and nonlife joint approach that is going to together -- and it's a country-by-country strategy, pretty granular to how we're going to accelerate growth faster than either one would have been standalone.  The combined companies, the customer -- remember, these are direct marketing companies. And the customer database of each together is an asset for cross-sell. The ability to approach and to develop a new product approach of unified life and nonlife products which will be unique in the marketplace, and we're already planning, is another source. Our ability to approach more sponsors and get more share of marketing space because of our life and nonlife together.  So our plans are whatever each one was naturally growing, the growth is going to accelerate. And it takes a little time. We'll see it in a modest way in '23. We're going to see much more in '24 and '25 as we go out.  And finally, beyond what has been predominantly telemarketing and independent agent in the Cigna side, like with the Chubb side, a greater emphasis on the mixing and matching now, which is the Asia trend, of digital and telemarketing.  So it's -- this goes across Korea, Thailand, Taiwan in particular, and, to a degree, Hong Kong. And I just came back from the region, and plans are granular and people are off to the races in execution. So there you go.
Charles Peters: There was some feedback at the beginning of your comments. And maybe the moderator has the mic open. It wasn't on my end. Just FYI.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think there are some window washers actually outside my window, which really you can't make this stuff up.
Charles Peters: Perfect timing on that, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Oh, I didn't know. If I was garbled, you just tell me what I didn't get and I'll give it to you.
Charles Peters: No, no, I heard you fine. I just heard the window washers in the background, and I didn't know if that was the moderator that had...
Evan Greenberg: Yes, yes, I mean, I got you. You just can't get any respect around here. Okay.
Operator: We take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: I guess my first question, I don't think you mentioned any Russia- or Ukraine-related losses. Are you seeing any of those and they're just not large enough to call out? Or are you just waiting to see kind of how this situation develops before putting up along?
Evan Greenberg: They're not large enough to call out. Year-to-date, they're just -- it's a de minimis amount. And that's losses that we have enough information to judge as incurred and put a dollar amount. Of course, we have more exposure than that, that we're watching and observing, but I'm comfortable that our loss picks will contemplate those.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then with regards to raising the loss trends, it seems to me -- and I don't know this for a fact, but it seems to me like you're actually ahead of a lot of your peers with raising the trends to where you took them to. Does that challenge your ability to grow at the piece that you want to grow?
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, I don't know what my peers are raising their loss trends to. So I don't know. And I don't know that they're not raising them and have them in the same levels. So I can't speculate that way. What I do know is on -- no different than any other period we've ever been in. We're going to charge what we think is the right rate to produce a reasonable risk-adjusted return. If we can't get paid, we don't write the business. Do I feel like that's going to put me at a competitive disadvantage? Not at this point in the cycle, I don't see it.
Yaron Kinar: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: As you go forward and things become competitive again, when and if it happens in the future, then of course, I'll trade growth all day long to be sure that underwriting continues to grow book value. I have not changed in 45 years.
Operator: We take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Two quick questions. First, Evan, in your prepared comments, you mentioned food and energy and security. And I was hoping you can give us a little bit more commentary on maybe the regions where that represents underwriting risk.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don't know that it presents an exact underwriting risk. It's not a one-for-one direct relationship, but it all feeds the backdrop of the environment we're in, whether it is inflation, whether it is recession because how it impacts people, whether it is social and political strains that lead to instability, whether it is the political strains that lead to geopolitical instability.  You have to consider all that. It's the -- it's part of the -- it all feeds into the background noise and of the risk environment. And so you got to put a broader lens on it when you start, and then you come down to the very specific correlations when you're thinking about individual risk.  And I was bringing it also in context of that it's hardly that we're pollyannish when we're bullish about the future of the company. And as we look forward, we're bullish about the things we can control and that we see in our sites. We try to put all that and remain bullish in context of the external environment as we see it today. And that's my point.
Meyer Shields: No, understood. That's very helpful. A second question. Just in terms of the reserving process for recent accident years, how much of the increased cost trend that you talked about is -- shows up on your -- the current valuation of those accident year reserves?
Evan Greenberg: Can you repeat that? I'm a little -- I'm not sure I got exactly what you said.
Meyer Shields: Yes. No, that's the -- I garbled it a little bit. You talked about including the newer loss trend in pricing and accident year results. Does the reserving process also tweak up accident year 2021 when a line's loss trends are raised?
Evan Greenberg: Well, as we do individual reserve studies on each line of business, everything comes to play. So you first start with, how is it performing against frequency and severity, et cetera, against what you expected when you put it up? And also your future loss cost on that accident year, what are the trends you used versus your view of trends today? So all of it gets mixed into an analysis when you're looking at the study of any one cohort of business as we review them.  I say it to you that way because you can't spike one thing out and then use some simplistic way to imagine because you're trying to go to adequacy versus inadequacy or any of that, and I'm trying to pierce through to that thought, if you're following me.
Operator: We take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Two of them here for you. First one, hopefully pretty quick, for Peter. I'm just curious, FX had a little bit of a headwind here from an earnings perspective also. Should we expect something similar here in the third quarter given where FX rates are?
Peter Enns: Very hard to say, Brian, just because of the volatility around it. We obviously have a substantial international operation. You saw that in the revenue and the operating income numbers. I really can't judge. We don't hedge the operating businesses for FX. So what happens, happens. We do, do some hedging around debt and some of the other aspects.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then, Evan, I was hoping we'd dig in a little bit into the whole loss trend situation you were talking about and the increase here. Is there any specific area that you're more concerned about? I mean if I think about it, there's been conversations about medical cost inflation ticking up, tort inflation as the court systems reopen. Any kind of signs that you're seeing that you say, wow, this is an area that we're concerned about and why we increased our trend assumption more?
Evan Greenberg: Brian, I'll repeat myself. We're not seeing -- across our business, it's -- we're not seeing the trends that we're actually using -- we're anticipating and increased those in anticipation of future because our business -- the insurance business classically lags. And rather than be lagging and get caught, we try to -- we've all been through this a number of times in inflationary periods. And so it's to anticipate ahead.  And you know what? There are no areas that concern me. I don't think of it that way. We're just vigilant about everything. Or we try to be.
Brian Meredith: Got you. So does that mean that your business today, you would kind of view as rate adequate, but you still want to kind of be careful about what's going forward?
Evan Greenberg: And I said it in the commentary, and I know you listened, that our -- that the rates we're charging -- our business is -- the vast majority of it is achieving an adequate risk-adjusted return. And that means that pricing and rate is adequate. Now you need -- what you really need in particular, and it's not true of the whole portfolio, but the vast majority, you need rate that will keep pace with loss cost. We're anticipating about loss cost, not trying to anticipate and not simply use lagging of what we see because what we see is a combination of frequency and severity, and it varies by line. And that is a bit of a lagging indicator.
Operator: We take our next question from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Could you walk us through your process of setting combined ratio target to your underwriters? I'm thinking it's some derivative of ROE. So when you're coming up with these targets, are you basing that on new money yields or portfolio yields?
Evan Greenberg: The portfolio takes a long time to turn over. So you know what? It's based on portfolio. And I'm not going to go through it, no.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Got it. All right. No, that's very helpful. I mean this is where I was going with it. According to broker pricing surveys, in your own book, you called out deceleration in casualty-related classes. So I was just trying to get a sense if part of the equation of casualty deceleration is because maybe others are pricing based on new money yields and they're weighing more in future investment income. But it sounds like you're taking a more measured approach, looking at the portfolio yields. Is that fair?
Evan Greenberg: No. I think you're way overseeing this. I think that's an academic approach, not a practitioner's approach. If you think the marketplace today is pricing underwriters and the day-to-day trades are pricing based upon some view of combined ratios where it's been calculated with new money versus portfolio yield, let me disabuse you of that. It is not that finally or I'm disciplined in the way that the marketplace actually works in pricing.  And how long it takes for others to review portfolios, see results, make judgments, then have that passed down to the trading level of how does it impact how we see rates, well, that's a ways out there, and it doesn't really work in that buttoned-up way in most of the world -- the vast majority of the world of insurance.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Based on some conversations I've had, it sounds like a mix by others. But you guys are definitely thinking about it, I think, in the right way given everything that you just mentioned. So I appreciate you providing that color.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it's interesting. People say one thing and then you observe something else. But anyway.
Operator: We take our next question from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Scott: First one I had was on personal lines. The underwriting has been holding up quite well relative to what we're seeing across the industry. So I was just interested if you could provide any color on what you're doing that's allowed that to happen and if the maybe better price adequacy than some of your peers have will allow you to pivot harder to growth.
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, we have a different kind of portfolio. We're not general market homeowners or auto, it's high net worth, as you know. And so it's a segment of the marketplace, number one.  Number two, look, we took a lot of pain in the last couple of years in adjusting how we price in the absolute rate we charge, in how we think about it by parrel, how we think about it by territory. And that's never ending. But we had gotten -- the company in total had gotten behind a few years ago in overall pricing and price adequacy. And so we took pain in terms of growth for that.  And I -- my own sense -- and we've seen it in the high net worth category. It's not just rate but price, how you view the values of individual homes and the inflation factors you use, how you do that in fine arts and in other valuables within homes.  We've been very disciplined to adjust to inflation that has been running hot in that area for a while. Competition -- competitors have been slow to do that. And again, we gave up some business at times for that. I think it serves us well at this time, and we're just steady as she goes.
Alexander Scott: Got it. Second question I had for you is on capital management. I know you guys just closed the Cigna deal, so maybe a little early for me to be asking this type of question. But at this environment, it seems like the returns are quite strong, you're generating a lot of capital. I was just interested if you could update us on capital deployment priorities.
Evan Greenberg: Capital deployment is steady as she goes. We will retain capital for both. We run a conservative balance sheet. We're in a balance sheet business. We're in a risk business. And we will retain capital for risk and volatility, and we will retain capital for growth opportunities, organic and inorganic. And the money doesn't burn a hole in our pocket, and we've been awfully good stewards of capital. I think our history shows that. No change to policy.
Peter Enns: Hello?
Evan Greenberg: We went blank.
Karen Beyer: Yes. Okay. Well, thank you. At this point, we want to thank everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your calls. Enjoy your day. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome to our March 31, 2022, first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer; and then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions this morning are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had an excellent start to the year with record per share operating earnings and underwriting results, double-digit global P&C commercial lines premium growth, accompanied by rate increases in excess of loss cost, and improving growth in our consumer business globally. Core operating income in the quarter was $1.64 billion or a record $3.82 per share, up 52% on a per share basis over prior year. In the quarter, we produced simply outstanding underwriting results. $1.28 billion of underwriting income was more than double prior year with a combined ratio of 84.3%, both records. Our P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 83.5%, a 1.7 point improvement over prior year, with about 1 point from loss ratio improvement and the balance, expense driven. On the investment income side, adjusted net investment income was circa $900 million for the quarter. We are predominantly a buy-and-hold fixed income investor. And given rising interest rates and widening spreads, we expect investment income to increase from here. Every 100 basis points increase in interest rates for us is worth, on an annualized basis, about $1.2 billion in pretax investment income. We have a portfolio duration of about 4 years. So a rise in rates begins to earn in reasonably quickly. Peter will have more to say about other financial items. Let me say a few words about the Russian-Ukraine war. The events unfolding before our eyes are a human tragedy of epic proportions with profound geopolitical implications. Our actual incurred losses to date from the event are de minimis. And from all we know today, while additional losses may develop over time, this will not represent a meaningful event for Chubb. Integration planning around the Cigna transaction is quite active and remains on track. We expect to receive regulatory approvals leading to a close during the second quarter. There are no changes of substance to the guidance we gave you, and any changes are modestly positive. We will update you after closing. Now turning to growth. The rate environment and inflation, global P&C premiums, which exclude agriculture, increased 8.8% in the quarter on a published basis or 10.7% in constant dollars, with commercial up 12% and consumer up 8%. Growth in the quarter was broad-based with contributions from virtually all commercial businesses globally. From large corporate to middle market to small, from traditional to specialty in most all regions of the world, commercial P&C premiums, excluding agriculture for North America were up 10.5%, while in overseas general, they grew 13 in constant dollars, but we then had 5 points of FX impact to the published results. Agriculture premiums were down in the quarter because of a return of premium to the government. It's based on our level of profitability for the '21 crop year. This is a favorable and expected development. You will recall that crop insurance is a business where revenue and losses are shared with the government. For the '22 crop year, we will have a substantial increase in premium revenue over last year, given commodity prices and other factors. Most of this will be recognized in the third quarter. Returning to commercial P&C. In terms of rate, the level of rate increase remains strong, and as I have said before, is naturally moderating as individual portfolios achieve adequacy and additional rate is then required to keep pace with loss costs. The rate environment is reasonably orderly. And in aggregate, rate increases remain in excess of observed and projected loss costs. In the quarter, in North America, total P&C premiums, excluding agriculture, grew 9.6%, again, with commercial up 10.5%. Growth this quarter in commercial Lines was led by our middle market and small commercial business with premiums up almost 12%, followed by our major accounts in specialty division, which grew 9.5%. Total exposure change was a positive 1 point in the quarter, a combination of an increase in economic exposure of about 3.2% due to higher payroll, sales and other economically sensitive activity, and on the other hand, a decline in exposure due to underwriting changes, such as increased attachment points, and higher deductibles, which is a good thing. Renewal retention for our retail commercial businesses is 100% on a premium basis, very strong. Overall rates increased in North America commercial lines 8.7%. Major accounts, which serves the largest companies in America, rates increased 9.3%. General casualty rates were up over 15.5% and varied by class of casualty, while risk management-related primary comp and casualty rates were up 3.7%. Property rates were up 9.1%, and financial lines rates were up 13.9% and varied by subcategory. In our E&S wholesale business, rates increased by more than 11%. Rates were up 13.3% in casualty, about 10% -- sorry, in property. Casualty was up 10%, and financial lines rates were up 15.4%. And in our middle-market business, rates increased 7.7% or 9.5% excluding comp. Rates for property were up over 8%. Casualty rates, excluding comp, were up 8.5%, and comp rates were down 1.5%. The comp pricing, which is rate plus exposure was up over 9%. And finally, financial lines in middle market were up 17%. We are trending loss costs at 6%, and it varies by line. In general, we're trending loss costs in the rates we charge for short-tail classes just over 6.5%, though the actual is running lower. In long-tail, excluding workers' comp, we continue to trend at a 6% rate overall. And our first dollar workers' comp book is trending between 4% and 4.5% In short-tail classes, we are actively monitoring property valuations, loss costs as they develop and the real-time drivers of cost or changes in inflation, labor, parts and supplies as well as the delays caused by supply chain disruptions given the length of time to repair or replace. This can add additional pressure on costs. In long-tail lines, we actively monitor and study both frequency and severity of each class. Turning to our international general insurance operations. Retail commercial P&C premiums grew 15.5% in constant dollars, while our London wholesale business grew just over 5.5%. Retail and commercial growth varied by region, with premiums up 18.5% in Latin America, followed by growth of about 16.5% in our U.K. and Europe division, and Asia-Pac was up 14.5%. Internationally, like in the U.S. We continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail business, rates increased in the quarter, 10%. While in our London wholesale business, rates increased 9%, both varied by class and by region as well as country within region. Outside North America, loss costs are currently trending about 4%, though that varies by class of business in country. In general, loss costs for short-tail classes are running just under 4%. And we anticipate this to increase. In long-tail, we are trending at about a 4.5% rate. International consumer lines growth in the quarter continued to recover from the pandemic's impact on consumer-related activity, and premiums increased about 9.5%, though FX then scrubs 6 points off the growth rate. Premiums in our International A&H business grew 8.6% in constant dollars. Our international personal lines business grew over 10%. Latin America led the way with A&H and Personal Lines growth of over 18% and 17.5%, respectively, while Asia-Pac's growth for these two product lines was over 6% and 24.5%, respectively. Net premiums in our North America high net worth personal lines business were up about 7.5%. Last year's reinsurance reinstatement premiums, due to cat losses, had a negative impact on growth. Adjusted for that was other onetime items, our underlying growth was about 5.5% in the quarter. Our true high net worth client segment, the heart of our business, grew over 13% in the quarter, driven by a flight to quality of competitors leaving certain markets, while overall retention was very strong at nearly 99%. In our homeowners business, we achieved pricing, which includes rate and exposure of 12.3%, while homeowners loss costs are running in the 11% range. In our Asia-focused international life insurance business, net premiums plus deposits were flat in constant dollar, but will increase in future quarters. While net premiums in our Global Re business were up 22%. In sum, we had an outstanding quarter all around, and we are off to a great start to the year. As I look ahead, I remain optimistic and confident in the things we can control by way of naturally growing more cautious given the world around us. Economic growth, general inflation and central bank actions and the war come to mind. We will continue to capitalize unfavorable underwriting conditions for our commercial P&C businesses globally. Consumer lines growth should continue to recover. As interest rates rise, our investment income will as well. And as I stated last quarter, our strategic investments, including the acquisition of Cigna, and likely later in the year, Huatai, will provide us with greater revenue and earnings growth opportunities. I'll now turn the call over to Peter, and then we'll be back to take your questions.
Peter Enns: Good morning, everyone. As you've just heard from Evan, we are starting the year with an exceptional quarter with strong top line growth and record P&C underwriting results that produced operating cash flow of $2.4 billion for the quarter. Turning to our balance sheet and capital management. Our financial position remains exceptionally strong with $73 billion in total capital. We continue to remain extremely liquid with cash and short-term investments of over $5 billion. I would note, S&P and Fitch both reaffirmed our AA ratings and stable outlook, reflecting our strong financial position. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1.3 billion or 82% of core earnings to shareholders, including $1 billion in share repurchases and $340 million in dividends. As of March 31, $1.6 billion of the $5 billion share repurchase authorization remains available through June 30. We plan to seek authorization from our Board for our annual share repurchase program prior to that date. During the quarter, rising interest rates caused a mark-to-market pretax unrealized loss of $4.7 billion or 4.5% of our fixed income portfolio. As a comparison, the Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index declined by 6.2% for the quarter. This adverse mark-to-market movement of $3.8 billion after tax or 6.5% of our book value drove the decline in book and tangible book value per share of 4.4% and 6.8%, respectively. Excluding the unrealized mark-to-market in the investment portfolio, book and tangible book value per share increased by 2.1% and 2.9%, respectively. As noted in our supplement, the market rate on our fixed maturity portfolio was 3.4% for the quarter end, exceeding our book yield of 3%. As of last Friday, the market reinvestment rate had increased to 3.8%. Reflecting this rising rate environment, we now expect our adjusted investment income for the second quarter to be in the range of $915 million to $925 million, and then it will go up from there. Our reported ROE for the quarter was 13.6%, and our core operating return on tangible equity was 17.1%. Our core operating ROE was 11.3%. Pretax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $333 million, including $138 million for Australian storms, $65 million for wildfires in Colorado and $130 million for other global weather-related events. We had favorable prior period development of $240 million pretax, essentially all in short-tail lines of $228 million, principally in A&H, property and surety. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 91% or 80 in prior period development. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.9%, and we continue to expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for '22 to be in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. Now to finish with a couple of discrete items. First, relative to our exposure in Russia. Our Russian entities have been separated operationally from Chubb and are managing their affairs independently and have been deconsolidated. During the quarter, we impaired the full carrying value these entities and have recognized a realized loss of $87 million. Relative to Cigna, we have amended our purchase agreement to remove the joint venture in Turkey. This amendment will have a de minimis impact on the transaction. As Evan mentioned, we will provide an update with more specifics on the acquisition during the second quarter earnings call. I'll now turn it back to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: And congratulations on the quarter. I know I've asked similar questions in the past, so I hope you have a little bit of patience this time around. You have, what, the investment environment, adding a good 150 basis points ROE for every 100 basis points of interest rate improvement. The loss ratios look great. You're still earning well over trend. At what point do you start taking the foot off of the rate cut off or go after more exposure as opposed to pushing for rate?
Evan Greenberg: We don't think of it that way exactly. I mean, first of all, the market itself is a governor on rate. We're in the competitive market. We pursue the rate we think we need, and that actually, it's the other way around, that actually determines the outcome of growth. We're underwriters first. And the rate we require for both exposure and adequacy of rate to exposure plus inflation as part of that, that's the starting point for us.
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question, I think for the last several quarters, if we look at the rate environment in commercial internationally, it's been higher than in North America, yet the loss trends are lower internationally. Can you maybe help us think through why that would be? Is it because of the lower interest rate environment overseas? Or are there other drivers there?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know what? You have 55 countries that we're operating in around the globe. So there is no one neat simple answer. On the long-tail side, most countries don't have the kind of legal environment that we have. There are a few that come to mind that are similar like Australia and the U.K. The balance, it's a much lower inflationary environment on loss costs for long-tail lines of business. And then short tail, it really varies by jurisdiction. And Europe is very different than Australia, which will be very, very different than, say, Malaysia or Korea in terms of parts and supplies and the nature of short-tail losses. So it's a mixed bag. And that's why we're on the ground operating locally in every jurisdiction around the world. We know the markets. We're part of the market. And so we approach from the idiosyncrasies of that local market when we think about adequacy of pricing and underwriting.
Operator: We'll now move to our next question, which will come from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Evan, as you just said, you're part of a pretty competitive environment and that kind of government and a lot of things. Given the decelerating rate environment for the industry, and I think it's pretty unique times with loss trends that are accelerating pretty rapidly. Do you think there's an opportunity for that for the industry to find pockets where rates will actually convert and accelerate again sooner than they otherwise would have?
Evan Greenberg: Look, it's certainly possible that as losses in certain areas or exposures increase, certainly the industry -- and you see it in different areas. Look at personal auto right now, industry responds. Look at commercial auto, industry responds. Look at cyber, industry responds. So as loss costs show themselves or the spector is on your doorstep, the industry does respond. Look at property, property continues to increase at a -- overall, a double-digit rate. Part of that is a reflection of a revised views of cat exposure, given climate change. And that is pretty universally recognized by good underwriters in model changes that drive inflation and loss cost. So, I'm answering your question by giving you tax that, I think, make it self evident.
Michael Phillips: This is more for actually for you in your book and specific to your North American Commercial Lines book. When you look at that book, Evan, do you step back and say, "Gee, I wish we had more of this." Or either there's holes of opportunity in holes -- too strong of a word, but pockets of opportunity, either size of accounts or lines of business where I wish we did more of this in North American partial lines.
Evan Greenberg: It's more of a personal question. If you know me, you know my natural stage is not at rest. And we're an ambitious group. And we have, let's call it, 1% or less of the global insurance market. We're rounding that. We're still in that regard. There's plenty of growth opportunity for this company. And we're not -- really under everything we do, there's plenty of opportunity to improve ourselves. So we're on an endless posh.
Operator: Now moving to Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: So the first question, and I know you mentioned this in your comments and then in your letter, the political, the war, political tensions, lockdown, supply chain issues. I think you mentioned in your letter, the potential for a new world order. So my question is the strategy difference of being a global reinsurer or not reinsurer, global insurer, versus being more -- having more of a regional focus. And I'm wondering if that narrative has changed or your thinking has changed because of all of these wild swings and what we're seeing in the press in reality.
Evan Greenberg: Nothing. Nothing has changed. We take a medium-term and longer-term view of opportunity and strategy when we think about growth for the company. Let's take Asia. Asia is where probably more than one-half to two-thirds of the world's growth will likely take place over the next decade, two decades and longer out. Chubb's presence and increasing presence there is a good thing. It will allow us to capitalize on those opportunities, and that means that's where the insurance industry is going to grow. When I think about Latin America, yes, it has a volatility signature to it that is more extreme, but we recognize that and how we approach the business. But the trend line over time is increased growth opportunity for a number of reasons in particular. And so no, it doesn't give me pause for thought on the underlying thesis, but the world goes through periods of greater volatility in rest and sometimes a little less. You recognize that and you build that into your thinking when you approach your strategy and tactics and how you expose your company, but it is a natural consequence of the strategy you take on when you go global that you will expose yourself. I would also say this, I don't think that any country or region of the world, given the interconnectedness of the globe is immune. We're certainly not immune at home. And if you're in the United States as a U.S.-only insurer, you haven't insulated yourself from the global issues by any means. Just look at inflation. And by the way, the war in Ukraine, with cyber that goes across border. So we all live on the same planet, nowhere to hide, but
Greg Peters: Peter, in your comments, you talked about the capital returns in the quarter. I think you said 80-plus percent of the earnings was returned to shareholders. When we think about how -- and obviously, it's going to ebb and flow between quarters, but is that sort of like the general framework that you guys are thinking about absent some major M&A opportunity on a go-forward basis?
Peter Enns: I'd say that was just an outcome I was indicating, and we have a capital framework, which Evan has been clear on the past, which is we will hold capital for risk and opportunity and return capital beyond that to shareholders. So we will reauthorize with our Board's permission a new program in the second quarter, and we'll report on that on that basis. But there's no change to anything, and that 83% or 82% was an outcome.
Operator: We'll now hear from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Evan, in your annual report, you also talked about achieving an ROE of about 13% in 2023 and kind of heading north from there. So when you make that statement, how are you thinking about the rate versus trend environment playing out over the next couple of years? Do you see it still a good glide path for written rate to rain in excess of loss trend?
Evan Greenberg: I didn't -- we did all our inputs. I'm not -- at least I'm not going to go to specific items, but all of the -- our own view of market outlook is baked into that statement. Glide path, I think, is right that rates will continue to moderate, but with an asteric on it. It depends on the line of business, and it depends on the loss cost environment. And I would expect that the industry would respond. And then keep in mind, if there are -- if there were any classes where rates are in excess of that, which is required to earn an adequate risk-adjusted return on capital, then you might see in some of those classes, and you see it. You always see it. You see it now that there is a little rate giveback, which is natural also. So we imagine in a word, a fairly orderly marketplace. But it's a marketplace. And we also now a marketplace always has a certain signature of chaos to it. And that's baked into our thinking.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of growth, right, you guys saw almost 11% global P&C that's ex add growth in the quarter. Obviously, there was some impact of FX there. But as we think about the global economies improving, consumers is bouncing back, would you expect premium growth to remain kind of within that level or perhaps pick up from here?
Evan Greenberg: Nice try, Elyse. You know I don't give forward guidance, but I remain quite confident in Chubb's ability to outperform.
Elyse Greenspan: But am I right in thinking that consumer just has some tailwinds, right, just given the environment and the headwinds that, that business, I guess, has faced over the past couple of years?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think you're reasonably right. It varies by region, but you see the trend, follow the footprints and where we have been going quarter-on-quarter. And I think that's a reasonably good way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Evan, I just had a question a bit on the exposure change, specifically in North America commercial. It sounded like that detracted around 2 points from growth this quarter, which obviously at close to 11% was still good. But I'm wondering if you could talk a bit more about some of the underwriting actions that you've been taking. I know this is something you constantly work on, but it feels like it was a bit more of a concerted effort or it has been more of a concerted effort over the last year or so. So just wondering where we are in this exposure management. And is this something that is going to continue to be a drag going forward? Are we through most of it? And maybe secondly, if we could think about how to quantify the benefit to margins from these changes, whether that be on both underlying or cat load?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So I think, David, you didn't get it quite right. It didn't detract 2 points. In fact, it added about 1 point. What I gave you was 1 point of exposure growth in commercial lines, North America. I told you about 3.2 points of that was economic. And then there was an offset from underwriting, which we can measure, and that it was a change in terms and conditions and deductibles, et cetera. And it's not some event over the last year. It's over a more extended period of time. In the hard market, you can wanted the tools you have and that the clients want because they're getting a lot of price and rate increase. Deductibles and attachment points as an example, they don't move for years during a softer part of the market cycle, yet inflation is relentless, even if it's 2 points or 3 points. It's year on year on year. And so what a $1 million deductible was worth 10 years ago is hardly what it's worth today, and so you go. And clients in a hard market, they understand dollar swapping. They don't want to swap dollars. And so you correct for that. It's not just a rate that occurs. There is this rational correction of structural terms with your clients. And that's the change in deductible and attachment points as just to cite those in particular. So you got mental model. In terms of margin, nice try. I'm not going there. And though we do quantify it quite precisely to ourselves in most classes. And I think I answered it. I want to go back on Elyse's. And Elyse, not to -- being gauging. I expect consumer to continue to recover and to continue to show improved growth. The only thing I can't control is a war and any area that may go into recession. But from what I can see right now, I expect it to continue to recover.
Peter Enns: Anything further, David?
David Motemaden: And I guess, have you seen any, obviously, higher rates, higher interest rates is helping ROEs across the industry. Have you seen any competitors picking up their aggressiveness in terms of pricing, just as we've had interest rates move higher here? Or has that -- obviously, it's still a very uncertain environment. Inflation is still very high. Has that -- have you seen any evidence of the competitive environment picking up?
Evan Greenberg: David, think about it. They've just started rising relatively short period ago. Portfolios have to turn over to actually earn it in. And they moved very, very quickly. And by the way, on one side is interest rates. And on the other side is inflation, and the industry needs to stay ahead on inflation. So no, the answer is I have not seen that.
Operator: Moving on to Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: I don't want to -- the rest in Ukraine conflict, Evan. In the annual letter, one thing that stood out to me was the fact that here, in terms of market leader in a lot of political risk class, as you mentioned, you remote subsidiary. I think it's called sovereign risk. So I guess I was pleasantly surprised, but in a good way, that losses from Russia and Ukraine were de minimis. So first part is can you just help us understand how you managed to avoid losses tied to that? And second of all, what are the types of opportunities you're seeing on the back end of it?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Opportunities begin to emerge in political risk, but we're pretty conservative and cautious underwriters in the class and the way we approach it. We know our minds clearly. Look, more loss may develop in that area. I can't tell you. If I knew, we would have taken -- we would have recognized. And -- but given events, losses and further exposures may develop in the political risk area, given confiscations or ex appropriations or inability to use an asset. We are in touch with all our clients. And so far, to date, we don't see circumstance, individual circumstance that translates possibly. If it does happen, given our aggregate of exposure in total, because we watch and always have our aggregations by country, by industry, by type, whether it is ensuring debt or it's ensuring equity, whether it's ensuring currency and convertibility. We're very careful in how we think about the construction that way. And so -- and if there is loss to emerge in the future, which I just don't know, it will be -- it won't be a big event for Chubb. We don't have huge limits on any 1 client on a net basis. And so in aggregate, that's why I made that statement that it may develop. If it happens, it happens over an extended period of time. And the aggregate amount, it won't be a big event for Chubb.
Ryan Tunis: And then my follow-up, I guess, very strong underlying loss ratio improvement in the commercial segments. Is it fair to say that pretty much all that is from the earned pricing versus loss trend dynamic? Or was there anything else that you'd point to that might have made that outside first quarter?
Evan Greenberg: No, no, nothing, no. It's really in long-tail lines, you're in the first quarter of the year, it's based off of peg-loss ratios that you select. And in short-tail lines, virtually the same. And there's nothing we see underlying, and there was -- there were no onetime or anomalous items that contributed. Very broad, it was the resilience of it and the quality of it, I was -- I'm gratified to see. And it's a testament to all my colleagues is the broad-based nature of it.
Operator: Now moving to Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Congratulations on the quarter. The 6% loss trend that you were talking about, does that include the A&H book? And I am just wondering if you make -- if there's a difference or you can contrast the claims inflation trends you're seeing on the property casualty -- pure property casual book versus what we're seeing on the A&H book. I guess sort of the corollary question to that is if there is a difference. Does the way we think about sort of aggregate, can host trends change from Chubb when you closes deal with you.
Evan Greenberg: Paul, let me help you with that. What I gave you was the commercial lines business, and I gave you short-tail. Included in the commercial business is a very small A&H book. Actually, I think you can virtually see the premiums. So it hardly swings any stick. Beyond that, I'm not going into any more parts and pieces. In fact, I think I was more transparent than most are who are reported. So I've gone as far as only we go in terms of individual minds or any of that. But again, A&H is -- hardly swings any stick in the trend numbers, because the 6 was in North America now, and it was North America commercial.
Operator: Next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First question I had for you is just to see if you could describe what you're seeing with court reopenings? And if that's having any impact, I guess, either positive or negative on just the updated view of loss cost trends that are sort of separate from the CPI-type inflation?
Evan Greenberg: What did you just say? I'm sorry. What was the first part of that?
Alex Scott: Sure. I'll repeat it. Sorry. I was interested if you could describe what you were seeing with court reopenings? And how that's impacting loss cost trends, either positive or negative?
Evan Greenberg: We're not -- we're seeing in an increase in frequency what we would expect with court openings, and we're seeing more adjudication of claims given court openings. Nothing is impacting trends.
Alex Scott: And the second question I had was just on the cyber insurance. And I guess a, are you seeing anything there? And b, the war exclusion language you have in your policies. Could you just describe if that's changed at all since sort of 2017 and things maybe learned from the outcome with Merck? And whether the language would be more protective against events like what happened in 2017?
Evan Greenberg: First of all, let me work backwards, and then I'm going to come to the first part because let's be precise with each other. First of all, Merck. Merck was not a cyber insurance policy. Merck was a property insurance policy. And I wish those who are thinking about this or writing about this externally would put their heads around that, that it was property insurance, not cyber insurance, huge difference. And I hope that helps you. Secondly, when you started by saying, am I seeing anything there in cyber, what do you mean, am I seeing anything there? Help me and then I'll help you.
Alex Scott: Sorry, have you received any claims that are at all associated with the conflict in Ukraine and Russia?
Evan Greenberg: The largest single factor territory of attack into the United States for the last number of years has been Russia. Clearly, when it comes to ransomware attack, more comes out of Russia than any other jurisdiction in the world. In fact, China is not a source of that. China's more a source of espionage. And so it hasn't abated, and it hasn't increased actually from what we see. And when we talk to the experts, those in the cybersecurity industry, there are certain changes of patterns that I won't go into. But overall, it was a hostile environment and it continues to be in that regard. It has a certain frequency and severity signature to it. We haven't seen anything systemic. And I think you probably know that because otherwise, you'd have been reading about it in the New York Times.
Operator: Next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Evan, I'm trying to understand with the Cigna businesses, when -- or if interest rates rise in those markets, does that get typically offset by more aggressive pricing? Or does that translate into higher returns?
Evan Greenberg: In which businesses?
Meyer Shields: In the businesses that you're buying from Cigna.
Evan Greenberg: No. Pricing doesn't really change. It's very independent of interest rate environment. This is not long -- this is not savings-oriented business. For the most part, it is fundamentally a risk business. It's a morbidity business, to be clear, and the vast majority of it. Think about supplemental health-related, dread-disease related, there is an element of ROP, of which is a return to premium power. It has a savings element to it. But that is -- that's a filed rate and it changes very slowly. So no, it's not an interest -- to put it in a word, Meyer, it's not an interest-sensitive business.
Meyer Shields: And then I don't know if it's too early for this. I suspect not. Has the -- has Chubb's prop book changed at all this year because of the commodity prices? In other words, the mix by state, by commodity?
Evan Greenberg: No, it has not. We have 20-some-odd percent market share in crop in the United States. That's a huge tanker. That thing moves pretty slowly if you're thinking about change and exposure, which in that sense, you'd be thinking about change in mix of crop. You'd be thinking about territory change. And the only change in mix of crop comes in the aggregate to the degree that farmers change their behaviors, and it aggregates to something significant like a change from corn to soybeans, et cetera. But we generally see that most every year, a bit of that on the margin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now hear from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: I have a couple of quick questions here for you. First, I'm just curious, looking at the ceded premium in your North American business, up pretty large on a year-over-year basis. Was that just a timing issue? Or is there something else going on? Maybe more of an opportunity here to buy some less expense in reinsurance and put some good margin in place.
Evan Greenberg: Always looking for that. But no, there was nothing -- it was just a mix and an anomalous in the quarter. It bounced around a little bit, as you know.
Brian Meredith: And then I guess my second question, I'm just curious, looking out over the next kind of 6 to 12 months, balance sheet is obviously in much better shape for a lot of these P&C insurance companies. Pricing maybe we're kind of in the seventh to eighth inning. What's your view with respect to the M&A environment out there and the opportunities that may be presented to you? I know you've got a couple of larger ones internationally, but I'm sure you've got the capabilities to do lots of M&A.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I -- and I gather you're talking about the industry, Brian, my view of it, not Chubb.
Brian Meredith: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: I don't have a firm view about it, a clear view. I would say, on one hand, cost of capital has gone up. And so the bar goes up. Most companies or lot of companies their balance sheet learning powers are in pretty good shape. And most of the M&A in the industry, in my mind, cloaked in the word strategic is actually more done out of weakness where people feel pressured, and they want to continue growth. They have a balance sheet whole problem, et cetera. And I don't see a lot of impetus for M&A in a broad sense. And there's more risk in the environment right now, remember that. And so people will be a little cautious. You'll see -- where you'll see it will be more in small and midsized I doubt you'll see much in anything of a large size, but who the heck knows.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your question-and-answer session for today. I'll be happy to turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for any closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we'll be around to take your call. Enjoy the day. Thank you.
Operator: With that, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter Year-end 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome to our December 31, 2021, fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that can affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. And now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. And then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had an excellent finish to the year, with record operating earnings and underwriting results, double-digit commercial premium growth globally, strong levels of rate increase and slow but improving growth in our consumer business globally. This performance led to one of the best years in our company's history, with the best organic growth in P&C premiums in over 15 years and record financial results spanning both net and core operating income, calendar and current accident year underwriting income and investment income. Simply stunning results across the board and a testament to the organization and so many of my colleagues last year. Core operating income in the quarter was $1.65 billion or $3.81 per share, up nearly 20% over prior year. For the year, we produced net and core operating income of $8.5 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively. Again, both record results. In the quarter, $1.27 billion of underwriting income was a 31% increase over prior year, with a combined ratio of 85.5%. Allow me to digress for just a second. In my judgment, the calendar year or published combined ratio is the primary measure of underwriting performance that investors and management should focus on, because natural catastrophes are a regular and expected occurrence and the volatility cannot be dismissed away. Our P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 83.9%, a 2.5 point improvement over prior year. This is an important, but secondary measure that provides useful insight into the current underlying strength of our businesses. Full year P&C underwriting income was a record $3.7 billion, up over 200% and that's with $2.4 billion of catastrophe losses in the second costliest year for the industry in terms of cats. On the investment side, adjusted net investment income topped $900 million for the quarter and was a record $3.7 billion for the year. With the Fed finally accepting that inflation is a reality that is not going away anytime soon, interest rates are rising and will continue to rise. QE is coming to a rapid end and spreads should begin to widen, particularly if the Fed begins to shrink their balance sheet, as they should. As a reminder, every 100 basis points of provides about $1.2 billion of additional investment income, and we run about a four-year portfolio duration. As I remarked over a year ago, we're in a period of very strong wealth creation, which is reflected vividly by our quarterly and full year results. And I expect this trend will continue, driven by further growth and margin expansion. Peter will have more to say about cats, prior period development, investment income, book value and other financial items. Before I get to our discussion of growth in rate, as you saw in the press release, we have entered into agreements with several shareholders to purchase additional ownership interest in Huatai Group in China. Upon regulatory approval, which we expect sometime during 2022, our total aggregate ownership will be north of 80%. Separately, integration planning for the Cigna transaction, which we announced in the fourth quarter and I covered on our last call is progressing well. We expect to close in the first half of the year. Now turning to growth and the rate environment. P&C premiums in the quarter increased 9.6%, with commercial up 13% and consumer up 2.2. This strong performance capped a year where we grew our premium revenue 13%, the strongest organic growth since 2003, with commercial up 17.7% and consumer up 2.3%. Growth in the quarter was broad-based, with contributions from virtually all commercial businesses globally, from large corporate to middle market to small, from traditional to specialty to agriculture, including most regions of the world. Commercial premiums for North America were up over 11%, while in overseas general, they grew 15%. For the year, we have grown our commercial business almost 18%. And for perspective, since 2019, it has grown by nearly one-third or over $5 billion of net premium, and that's the size of or bigger than most insurers. In terms of rate, the level of rate increases remains robust and is naturally slowing as portfolios achieve or approach rate adequacy. At the same time, whether short or long-tail exposure, the loss environment is anything but benign. The level of rate increases remains well in excess of loss costs and I expect this trend to continue for some time. In the quarter, in North America, total premiums grew 8.7%, with commercial up over 11%, driven by growth in our major accounts and specialty business of 12% and our middle market and small commercial business of 9.7%. Total exposure change is actually down 0.6% in the quarter. And it's a combination of an increase in economic exposure of 3.4% due to higher payrolls, sales and other economically sensitive activity; and on the other hand, a decline in exposure due to underwriting changes, such as increased attachment points and higher deductibles, a good thing, though it negatively impacted growth. Our retail businesses achieved a 100% retention this quarter on a premium basis and 89% on an account basis, both very strong. Overall rates increased in North America commercial lines 10.5%. Loss costs are trending about 5.5% and vary by line. In general, loss costs for short-tail classes are running about 4%. Though again, we anticipate these to rise and have reacted accordingly. In long tail, excluding workers' comp, we are trending at a 6% rate, and our first dollar workers' comp book is trending between 4% and 4.5%. Let me give you a better sense of the rate increase movement in North America. In major accounts, which serves the largest companies in America, rates increased in the quarter by 10.5%. Risk management-related primary casualty rates were up over 4%. General casualty rates were up over 16% and varied by class of casualty, and property rates were up 9.7%, while financial lines rates were up over 17%. In our E&S wholesale business, rates increased by 14.5% in the quarter. Property rates were up 12.5%, casualty was up almost 17%, while financial lines rates were up 18.5%. In our middle market business, rates increased in the quarter about 9%. Rates for property were up 9%; casualty, excluding comp, were up nearly 9% and comp rates were down 1.5%; while comp pricing on the other hand, which is rate plus exposure, was up about 3%; and finally, financial lines rates were up about 19%. Turning to our International General Insurance operations. Commercial P&C premiums grew 15% on a published basis. International Retail Commercial grew over 13%, while our London wholesale business grew 28%. Retail commercial growth varied by region, with premiums up 19% in our U.K. and Europe division. Asia Pacific was up about 12.5%, while our Latin America commercial business grew over 9%. Internationally, like in the U.S., we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail business, rates increased in the quarter 13% with property up 8%, financial lines up 30% and primary and excess casualty up 7% and 11%, respectively. By the way, these rate increases were nearly identical to those from the prior quarter. In our London wholesale business in the quarter, property rates were up 8%, financial lines rates were up 24% and marine up 5%... Outside North America, loss costs are currently trending about 3%, though that varies by class of business and country. While international consumer lines growth in the quarter continued to be heavily impacted by the pandemic's ongoing effects on consumer related activities, growth continued to slowly recover and was 3.5% on a published and constant dollar basis. A clear example of that is our international A&H division, which grew for the third consecutive quarter. And on a currency adjusted basis, Q4 was our best quarter since the beginning of the pandemic, with growth of 5.5%. Across Asia and Latin America in our direct marketed business through banks, retailers and digital platforms, we are seeing activity pick up for consumer lending, credit card growth and branch openings. In fact, our direct marketing business grew double digits in Latin America, and we had our best growth quarter in the year in Asia Pac. All-in-all, I expect growth in our consumer lines to continue to improve as the year goes along. The underlying health of the business is excellent. Net premiums in our North America high net worth personal lines business were up 3.3%. Our true high net worth client segment, the heart of our business, grew 13% in the quarter. Overall retention was very strong this quarter at nearly 98%, and we achieved pricing, which includes rate and exposure of 13% -- 13.5% in our homeowners portfolio. Claims severity in our US personal lines business is running just under 9%, with homeowners cost to repair and rebuild increasing 11%. In our Asia focused international life insurance business, net premiums plus deposits were up about 25% in the quarter. Profitability was impacted this quarter from a true-up of our COVID reserve charges, which overall for the company were net positive, but negatively impacted life. Lastly, net premiums in our Global Re business were up 37%. And while conditions have improved in reinsurance, we remain cautious in most lines. Rates and terms in most classes are still not adequate to earn what we believe is needed to justify the volatility and earn an appropriate risk adjusted return. We had an outstanding year, and I look ahead -- looking ahead, we're off to a very good start in the first quarter overall. Market conditions remain consistent with what we experienced in the fourth quarter. 2022 should be a good year in terms of continued growth and margin improvement as we capitalize on favorable underwriting conditions for our commercial P&C businesses globally. I expect rates to continue to exceed loss costs. Consumer lines growth should return as the pandemic eases, though, as you know, there is no certainty. In the future, as rates -- interest rates rise and spreads potentially widen, our investment income will rise, and our strategic investments such as Cigna and Huatai will provide us with greater revenue, earnings and growth opportunity. All of this gives me great confidence in the future. I'll now turn the call over to Peter, and then we're going to come back and take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning, everyone. Consistent with the record earnings that Evan highlighted, other key financial metrics were also excellent, including a strong return on equity and book and tangible book value per share that now stand at all-time highs. Our strong performance produced operating cash flow of $2.6 billion for the quarter and a record $11.1 billion for the year. We continue to build on our balance sheet strength with capital of $76 billion and cash and invested assets of $124 billion. Our investment portfolio of $122 billion, supported by our positive operating cash flow, continues to be of a very high quality, which we expect will continue to support growth in our investment income. At the end of the year, our investment portfolio remained in an unrealized gain position of $2.3 billion after tax. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders, including $905 million in share repurchases and $342 million in dividends. For the year, we returned over $6 billion to shareholders, equaling 112% of our core earnings. This included $4.9 billion in share repurchases or 6.5% of our outstanding shares and dividends of $1.4 billion. As of December 31, $2.6 billion of the share repurchase authorization remains. In November, we issued $600 million of 30-year debt and $1 billion of 40-year debt at a very attractive weighted average cost of under 3%. The proceeds will be used to fund up to $1.1 billion of the purchase price of Cigna's business in Asia Pacific. The remainder will be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $475 million of debt due in March 2023. Book and tangible book value per share increased 1.7% and 2.7%, respectively, from last quarter and 6.1% and 7.6%, respectively, from last year and now stand at all-time high of $139.99 and $94.38 per share, respectively. Our reported ROE for the quarter and the year was 14.4% and 14.3%, respectively. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter and year was 17.7% and 15.3%, respectively. While our core operating ROE for the quarter and year was 11.6% and 9.9%. Adjusting for the mark-to-market gains on our private equity portfolio, our core operating ROE was 13.1% for the quarter and 13.6% for the year. As I have noted in the past, our investment income is based on many factors. We met our quarterly investment income target of $900 million this quarter after a few quarters of exceeding it, reflecting slightly lower distributions on our PE portfolio compared to recent quarters. We continue to expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million in 2022. Pre-tax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $275 million, primarily from weather-related events, with about $214 million in the U.S. and $61 million internationally. We had favorable prior period development of $145 million pre-tax, which included $364 million of favorable development for direct COVID-related liabilities from accident year 2020. We recognized a net charge of $375 million related to the $800 million pending settlement with of Boy Scouts of America that we previously announced. The net charge takes into account reinsurance and our previously carried reserve. We also recognized $53 million of adverse development related to asbestos as part of our annual reserve review. Excluding these items, the remaining development was essentially all favorable development in short tail lines principally in our property and A&H lines. Our reserve position remained strong, with net reserves increasing by $3.8 billion or 7.4% in constant dollars for the year. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 98%, primarily reflecting significant net catastrophe loss payments, the seasonality of our crop insurance business and favorable prior period development. Adjusting for these items, our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 78%. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the year was 81%. Our core operating effective tax rate was 15.7% for the quarter and 15.4% for the year. For 2022, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate will increase slightly to be in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. I'll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hey good morning everybody. I guess, my first question goes back to Evan's comments on tightening terms and conditions and commercial lines and how it's impacted, I guess, a higher quality, but at the same time some premium pressure. Can you maybe talk about -- is this a step up in tightening of terms and conditions that you had this quarter, or were some of the offsets -- favorable offsets you had in prior quarters, have those diminished to some extent? Maybe we can better understand what drove you to call this out this quarter?
Evan Greenberg: No. I just gave you -- there's actually -- it's something that happens every quarter and has been happening every quarter. We've been -- terms and conditions have been -- along with pricing are have been a reality for the last couple of years. And the only thing we did was I just refined to give a better sense when I listen to discussions about exposure, there is simply discussion about economic exposure changes generally, and I thought it might be helpful to just, not for the sake of the number, but to sensitize you investors better to the fact that there are two kinds of exposure changes that take place. So I was just I was just doing that not because there was anything particular this quarter, but better for your education. That's it. And it's not something I intend to always do. I haven't done it really in the past and I don't know, I was more ambitious.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And trying to tie it back to the premium growth numbers then, why would have commercial lines premiums slow down sequentially then?
Evan Greenberg: Well, why would it slow down sequentially? I mean, it was a great growth quarter. It was a double-digit quarter in commercial lines growth. Wow, that's the eight out of nine quarters. And by the way, the fourth quarter was one of the strongest quarters we've had for growth. And there's a certain seasonality that occurs in commercial lines. But you know what, overall, I think it was an outstanding growth. So there you go. And the market, the market is -- you're in an acute phase of hard market and then you go into different phases of the hard market where it begins to heal, others start writing business and there you go, but an outstanding growth.
Yaron Kinar: Right. No, I'm not challenging that. I think -- I certainly didn't want it belittle the growth that you guys achieved. My second question, many insurers are building some extra conservatism into loss trends. I think some management teams have started to quantify that recently. Can you maybe talk about your approach to be the loss trend and whether you're building an extra cushion? Can you quantify that?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to quantify any of that. What I'm going to say is this, a couple of points. Number one, we have always managed our reserves prudently, conservatively. As you know, we recognize bad news early. We're slow to recognize good news, understanding the development patterns that occur and are not 100% predictable with precision in our business. Secondly, COVID, and we've said this for many quarters, impacted the reporting and the incurred pattern of claims: courts shut down, businesses shut down, et cetera. And to be able to accurately project that is a fool's errand. And so, we've taken the approach since the beginning of COVID that the ultimate trend pattern doesn't change, the reporting pattern may change. And that naturally, as we look at prior year reserve developments as well as our current year picks, is impacted by that. I think, I answered your question.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Thanks for the color.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Mike Zaremski from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Mike, you maybe on mute.
Evan Greenberg: Let's move along.
Mike Zaremski: Is it working now?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it's moving. It's working.
Mike Zaremski: Sorry about that. So a question on loss cost. Thank you for the color about loss cost. It sounds like it didn't change much sequentially. Curious if there are kind of any major loss cost level distinctions between very old vintages, which seems to be popping up in the news about material losses coming from business written well over a decade ago, kind of versus the more recent five, six, seven-year vintages? I'm wondering if there's any distinction there we should be thinking about?
Evan Greenberg: No, not that I -- no.
Mike Zaremski: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: In a simple word, no.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. My follow-up question is on capital. Maybe, kind of, post the Cigna deal and the announced Huatai increased stake, if you can update us on the excess capital position and whether the buyback expectation is going to continue in terms of the expectation for the repurchase authorization to be utilized?
Evan Greenberg: I'll let Peter answer that.
Peter Enns: Sure. Look, for both Cigna and Huatai, in terms of how we're going to finance them, we expect to finance them using existing cash resources and cash flow. We do not expect to issue any additional debt nor issue any equity. And we don't expect either to have any impact on our dividend nor our buybacks.
Mike Zaremski: And so no -- is there still an excess capital drag post that or is most excess capital being utilized? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: We don't call it a drag. We maintain our capital position. Our philosophy doesn't change. And we maintain surplus capital for good things. And we're in the risk business, so we maintain for opportunity, and we maintain surplus capital for risk.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, you guys have shown some -- a good level of expense ratio improvement about two points over the past two years. Is there room for further improvement there, especially on the G&A side as you guys have earned premium leverage? And can you just give us a sense of where perhaps the expense ratio could go over the longer term?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I'm not going to give you a forward guidance, Elyse. But I'm going to give you a couple of thoughts. Number one, on one hand, the acquisition ratio has also improved because consumer lines have become a smaller percentage of the total business as commercial lines has grown and consumer lines initially shrank and then has been recovering slowly. So you'll naturally see a change that way and the acquisition ratio over time as consumer lines grows more quickly. On the other hand, on the G&A side, we already run the lowest in the industry. And two things are occurring. One, we are investing for the future, and we are hardly slowing down in that -- in the digitization of the company and the transformation of how we do business. And that's going to -- that pays dividends, and we'll continue to pay dividends. So we will invest. On the other hand, we continue to achieve efficiencies as a result of things like straight-through processing and robotics and other activities. So I'm not going to forecast for the future, but I feel pretty good about where we are in G&A.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question, S&P is in the process of rolling out changes to their capital charges. And I was hoping you guys to just give us some thoughts as we're -- I know in the review process with companies now. I think a big component of what they're looking to do relates to changes around diversification. And I would think a company like you guys and especially with the upcoming Cigna deal could screen well from a diversification and capital perspective. But if you can just provide some color there? Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Elyse, you -- I appreciate your sentiment, but you don't do the model, I would be -- I think it would be great if you want to work for S&P. But Peter, anyway, go ahead.
Peter Enns: I mean, I think, Elyse we need to -- they've asked for comment mid-March. And then after that, they're going to go away and make their decisions and publish their model. So we need to let them finish getting their input and doing their work and making their decisions. Based on what we know now, we don't expect any change in consequence to our capital position.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning. Evan, back to your earlier comments where you’ve ambitiously given the new comments on the exposure and you broke it down between economic and underwriting. How do you -- what are your thoughts on how those two pieces play out for this coming year?
Evan Greenberg: I don't know. I'm not going to forecast. Sorry, I can't help you with worksheet that way. I'm not going to forecast both economic exposure change. I mean, I ask the Fed. And nor on the underwriting side, though, I do anticipate that the underwriting side is probably getting closer to a steady state.
Michael Phillips: Okay. That makes sense. I get more real rates and that makes sense, I guess. And second question on your release on the COVID, can you give us some characteristics kind of what's behind that? Was that more North America release exposures there that you released reserves or were outside North America? And then what's left, I guess, I think my math says you had about $1 billion left. Is that all still in reserves, or what's the characteristics or what remains for your COVID cover reserves? Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, we'll give you a little color around that. Paul O'Connell, our Chief Actuary, I'm going to ask him to comment on that.
Paul O'Connell: Sure. Thank you. So as we stated in the commentary, we recognized favorable prior period development of $364 million on our 2020 accident year reserves for direct COVID. It was a split, it was split between North America commercial and overseas general. And we had some minor true-ups in product lines like A&H and property, but bulk of it, it really was financial lines that drove the prior period development. At the outset of the pandemic, we modeled losses to these product lines and our projections didn't really anticipate the unprecedented levels of economic stimulus that occurred globally in 2020 and continued into 2021. Though we’ve been observing favorable for reported loss activity that’s been lower than expected but we’ve been delaying reacting to those trends out of caution knowing the delays in the claims process are going to support those. But I think – and the impact that that has on reporting patterns for claims. So we feel comfortable at this point in time and so we took action in the quarter. We continue to maintain what we think is a sufficient provision for COVID in the aggregate and for these product line and there’s a substantial amount of IBNR included in that carry provision.
Michael Phillips: And I guess the remaining piece, is that still -- can you comment on how much of that is North America versus Outside?
Evan Greenberg: No, we're not going to split it that way.
Michael Phillips: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And -- but the substantial outstanding is in reserves, both case and IBNR.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you for comments.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning. Elyse is a tough competitor, Evan, so I support your proposal to move over to S&P. Sure, she is happy to hear that as well. So I want to pivot back to the top line number, which 13% for the year, we'd like to put that into our models for eternity, but that doesn't seem realistic. So there's two pieces that I was looking for further color on. First, the component of the growth that you think is due just to the reopening of the economies worldwide in 2021 versus 2020? And then secondly, it seems like consumer, there's an opportunity for that to grow in 2022 versus 2021, I'm wondering if you could comment on that as well?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. The first thing comment to say to you is, which I've said before, we each have our hell to live in. I certainly got mine and you've got yours, too. So I can only do so much and you have to divine Oracle, what you think. Look, I can't give you -- I don't have in my head, none of us sitting here right now having our head or actually would be able to guess with any precision how much of the growth was due to economic activity reopening, except as we look at exposure change. And that's not -- we don't have a good handle on that outside the US with precision. And -- on one hand. But the vast, vast majority of our growth was market share and rate and that's just all there is to it. And Chubb is firing on all cylinders that way, and we are dominant competitor to reckon with across geographies and portfolio segments. When I get to the consumer business, the consumer business is going to continue in my judgment to improve as the year goes along. And I tried to give you some color of signs of that that we see. Travel is picking up in most of the regions of the world. Consumer spending and financing activities are returning. Purchases are returning. I mean, we're one of the -- we're the largest cell phone insurer in Europe from what we know and growing quickly in other parts of the world, as an example, we see that beginning to recover and do better as people go to stores to buy cell phones. But I can't predict with any precision because there's a certain volatility to it. So how it's going to move quarter-by-quarter, I can't predict that to you. But what I can tell you is, in everything we see and all of our planning, and then I look at all the new partnerships we put on and continue to put on that open up further strength to it, consumer lines is going to be return as a growth engine as we go forward. What that level is, I can't predict with precision.
Greg Peters: Got it. The second question would be on inflation. And I know you commented on it -- well, in your opening comments and then in previous calls, but -- it certainly seems to be consuming a lot of oxygen on conference calls, especially in the personal auto space. And whether it's wage inflation for employees, repair cost inflation, you mentioned housing -- the inflation trends in your home business. What's your -- when you think about this in 2022 and 2023, maybe give us some additional color on your interpretation of what you're seeing in the marketplace and its impact on Chubb?
Evan Greenberg: We -- it's interesting. I'll give you a comment on short tail and long tail and that's why I also said, it's not -- the loss environment is hardly benign and then throw into that, you have inflation, you have social inflation or, as you know, and I'm using that word though, I think it's too blunt instrument a word and I disaggregated, but it's casualty-related. You have natural cat and climate change that is causing loss inflation, modeled and non-modeled on the cat side, on the property side of the business as well. And you have cyber, which is a growing exposure in a very hostile environment and that the industry has to continue to come to grips with. At Chubb, I feel good that we're managing and vigilant. And all of our management and vigilance turns into action and continued action because otherwise, it's just a bunch of talk. And I feel good about that in our businesses. When I look at inflation, the way you're asking it, when I look at short tail, it shows up in homeowners. It's not showing up to the same degree in aggregate in commercial property. On the other hand, we see inflation in -- that shows up in severity of loss. And on the other hand, we've seen benefits from frequency of loss ex-cat, and some of that is COVID related, et cetera, we have in our own pricing. So I gave you a loss cost number that is the observable inflation we see today, but we do anticipate and have been anticipating that, of course, what you see generally and general inflation will find its way more into commercial property, and we have considered that in how we reserve claims that come in. Number two, in casualty, on the casualty side, severity in a number of classes continues to increase. And on the other hand, you have had the benefit of reduction from in frequency due to COVID in certain classes of business. We think that is -- it's obvious. The amount of claims per exposure -- per dollar of exposure over time is going to revert to the mean unless something so fundamental in society has changed and that's nothing we can see. And so we continue to recognize that in our pricing and reserves because it's a timing question. And there, I think I gave you a mouthful, Greg, and hopefully…
Greg Peters: You did. Yeah. I mean the other piece would just be on compensation for employees for seeing -- that's being reported that there's inflation pressures there. I'm just curious on your comment on that?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look we're off the marketplace and over the world, and we’re competing for talent. And I want the best and brightest to work here, and it's a marketplace for that. And certainly, compensation is one of the drivers, also culture and working for a winner and a place that gives you opportunity is also compelling to the kind of person we want to attract. But we have wage inflation, no different than the kind of inflation others are talking about. In aggregate, I see it in the 3.5%, 4% range.
Greg Peters: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Hi, David. Good morning.
David Motemaden: Just a question on the Huatai. Good to see you guys taking your ownership stake or put an agreement in place to take your stake up to 86%. How should we think about the capital that will be deployed in that if it does get approved in 2022?
Evan Greenberg: First of all, let's keep in mind, and you said it right, that we have agreements in place. It does require regulatory approval that is not a quick process in China. And it's always fraught with sensitivities. And I can't predict the geopolitical, but I feel good about receiving approvals, and there's a lot of goodwill towards us. In terms of capital, what do you mean? How much have we spent to purchase Huatai, or what are you asking me?
David Motemaden: Yeah. Is the price based on the initial deal that you guys struck in 2019 and we can just sort of use that as a guideline or is it something different than that?
Evan Greenberg: No. Each tranche is different. I had to negotiate each shareholder differently.
David Motemaden: Got it. Yes, and I guess -- okay, so I guess that's still TBD and depends on each tranche, I guess, yes. I guess, we'll just wait and see there.
Evan Greenberg: It does. And we'll update you more later in the year about Huatai as we get closer to approvals and all that. We'll give you more information.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. And then, maybe there's been a lot of talk on inflation in this call. And I just wanted to just ask a question on the North America personal lines where the current accident year loss ratio had the second straight quarter where it was under 51%. Was there anything one-off in those results or specifically in the quarter's results like non-cat weather, light non-cat weather, or is that representative of a sustainable level just as a result of some of the actions that you've taken there over the past year or so?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So let's -- you're focused on the current accident, year ex-cat in that comment, right, in that question?
David Motemaden: That's right.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Look, you set it right on one hand. And -- but let's just extend the thought a little bit. We've taken much rate in portfolio underwriting action over the past few years and that includes much more sophisticated pricing capability. On 2021, get -- don't look at the quarter, look at the year, is an excellent result. And I'm not going to provide forward guidance, as you know. But we do expect the combination and so it's really a combination of continued benefit from our actions, but coupled with some reversion to the mean, given likely beneficial impacts from frequency due to COVID in 2021. And I think that answers your question for you.
David Motemaden: Yes, it did. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. I was hoping to ask a big picture question. Retentions by virtually every company I cover are still at incredible highs, which is unusual for the hard market. But Chubb has taken share. Where do you think, just broadly speaking, the kinds of companies that Chubb is taking share from? And maybe more focus on North America as we -- I know that a little bit better. But I'm just curious as to where you think you're having the most effectiveness from a competitive perspective?
Evan Greenberg: We're an equal opportunity competitor. We're taking share -- have been increasing share. And in particular, we're increasing our writings, that's what I care about. Across the board, it's been in most all product lines. It's been most all customer segments, most all geographies, North America and internationally. And it's not -- it's a combination. And remember, when you're looking at high retention rates, and that's why I gave you two numbers, well, it's pretty easy to look at a high retention rate when the level of -- on a premium basis when the level of rate increases are running as they are. And so you get that as a financial number, but it doesn't really tell you on an operating, the operating answer. That's more based on unit retention. And I gave you that, which is very high. So you probably want to be poking around on that. And -- but we have -- we came into this market with a clear mind, knowing our mind, knowing our sense of risk appetite, pricing requirements and across segments, across geographies, and we are ready to jump off the mark. And when we could see that it was conditions that were favorable to our view of risk adjusted return, and that's all we've executed on. And we're doing it relentlessly. COVID be damned.
Paul Newsome: Great. Second question…
Evan Greenberg: Chubb has been present in the marketplace. Though all the time or not, it's not a question, but we are present.
Paul Newsome: It's been a good year. There's still a question about it. M&A thoughts on the current environment, again, with commercial insurance margins improving as much for most insurers, I think. Do you think there's any change in what you think the sellers will be willing to sell or the environment in general from…
Evan Greenberg: I’m sorry Paul.
Paul Newsome: …pipeline?
Evan Greenberg: You didn't come through really clearly to me there. Can you just repeat that?
Paul Newsome: Sure, I just asking about the M&A environment and what you think is the current situation in the context of that commercial insurers, for example, are generally seeing some better margins. And I would imagine that means the sellers are less willing to sell every hard market is different.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I don't know. I'm pretty at rest at the moment. And I don't notice a lot of activity out there at the moment. This is a great time to grow. And we've made a couple of moves that I'm very focused on. And of course, stay tuned.
Paul Newsome: Absolute. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Just also another question on Huatai. Congrats on your progress so far. I'm wondering if you could share with us early thoughts on what you could do as a majority owner in terms of having an immediate impact and what your vision is over the long-term?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Tracy, I don't see it as really an immediate impact. I don't think of it that way. This is a very rare asset for a foreigner to be able to purchase. It has a lot of potential with it. When you think about its non-life, it's life, it's asset management, mutual funds, retail and institutional, have licenses to manage pension money, have a license to manage insurance companies' assets. It has 600 offices throughout the provinces. It's reasonably small, $1.25 billion, $1.5 billion of P&C premium, about $1 billion of life premium with now 35,000, 40,000 agents. The growth potential, if you believe, which I do, that China will continue to grow and we'll continue to emerge, though it won't be in a straight line, but that as a society and the size and scale, it requires a much larger insurance and financial services industry and requires much greater private sector participation. They can't do it in a state-controlled manner or just won't sustain the kind of growth that it requires. And that over time, China moves to the left, it moves back to the center, a little more to the right, that will occur. And then when I look at Huatai itself, its potential within any of its businesses is huge, but it takes time. It takes time to effect strategy, train people, implement strategy and be patient that you take risk when you can get adequately paid and you don't break discipline. All of that is in front of us. And I look at it over a five to seven-year time horizon. And it's the -- it's one of the next great peaks for Chubb to climb and we will.
Tracy Benguigui: That was great color. I realize you've been asked a number of questions on excess capital and there's always complexities like S&P capital model. I have my own views. I published that. I know you have future capital commitments like Cigna and Huatai. Maybe an easier question to ask and you've announced this before. Just looking at the fourth quarter ROE, could you just remind us this quarter how many points you would attribute to excess capital? I know last quarter, you said 1.5 points.
Evan Greenberg: It's about a-point-and-a-half.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi. Good morning. First one I had is just on the paid claims. I heard the paid-to-incurred ratio that you referenced. And I just -- I thought I'd ask if you can frame for us how much, if it all, paid claims are still coming in below where they would normally be in a non-pandemic environment? And over what time period do you expect that to normalize?
Evan Greenberg: No, we're not going into any detail like that.
Alex Scott: Got it, okay. And then maybe a different question on the Cigna business. Can you just give an update on the time at closing? I know you mentioned first half, I think there's a series of countries with approvals. And if there's any update to your thinking on earnings contribution and there's any lingering COVID impacts to think about as that comes online?
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't see -- not that I noticed some lingering COVID impacts. And timing is going to be in the first half of the year. That's as far as we're going to pin it. And we'll update you a bit more when we close on an updated view of what we might expect.
Alex Scott: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: But we're not going to do it maturely because then I'm speculating, and we're not going to do that. The one thing I will tell you is there's not going to be a rolling close. There's going to be one close.
Alex Scott: Understood. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: That's why -- thing you're saying is not exactly relevant tangentially so, but not in the way you might be thinking.
Alex Scott: Got it, all right. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our last question from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Just, I guess, one more follow-up on Huatai. And I guess I was just thinking, in a lot of the countries you're in, you really understand the tort environment, your underwriting environment, the legal environment, risks like that. How do you feel about insurance contracts, things like that, tort law in China relative to some of the other places you're operating? And is it mostly property coverage at this juncture in non-life or is it casualty, too?
Evan Greenberg: Well, every country -- I mean, if you ask me the -- my confidence in the rule of law globally. Well, there's a wide spectrum of variation among all the countries of the world, including starting right here in the United States, where people legally torture the contract to death for getting the intent of coverage. So I wouldn't throw a stone at China on that basis. And I'd say that China fits right into the spectrum of countries that way. We've been doing business there. I've been doing business there for 30 years, and the company has been doing business there for 20 years now. So we know something about it. With that said, casualty related coverage is no different than the court system in China. And commercial law and law around individual responsibility that is evolving and has been evolving and those portfolios have been growing as well. And we underwrite though, understanding the risk environment. As an example, and I'll just give you one example and just to add a little color to it. You're going to underwrite D&O in the United States, well, you get pretty darn good accounting disclosure. And if I'm going to underwrite D&O in China, buyer beware, there's not the same level, nor veracity in many instances to accounting disclosure. We understand that. It doesn’t mean that it's a binary answer either. So I will leave you with that to chew on, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Appreciate. Thanks for the color. I know oftentimes, you don't talk a lot about what you're doing with reinsurance. But, yeah, I guess I was just curious, getting to the 1/1 renewal, is there a potential that next year you might retain a little bit more and that could be an additional net premium growth tailwind?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, things are pretty steady. That's as much as -- 
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Karen for any closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. Good day and welcome to the Chubb Limited, Third Quarter 2021 earnings. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator instructions] For opening remarks and introductions. I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Good morning everyone and welcome to our September 30th, 2021, third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to Company performance, pricing, and business mix, growth opportunities, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors. chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release, and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions to several members of our management team. And now my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a very strong third quarter highlighted by outstanding P&C premium revenue growth globally of 17% and simply excellent underwriting results on both the calendar and current [Indiscernible] year basis, despite elevated catastrophe losses. Our results were powered by double-digit commercial lines growth, strong continued underlying margin expansion, the strength of our reserves and our broad diversification of businesses. Core operating income in the quarter of 264 per share was up 32% were 250 million over prior year to 1.2 billion, while net income of 1.8 was up 53% from prior year. For the year on both a net and core operating income basis, we have produced record earnings. Again, it was an active quarter for natural catastrophes. Yet with over 1.1 billion of cats, we reported a 93.4 combined ratio. With P&C underwriting income up 58% to 617 million. Which speaks to the underlying strength of our businesses, and again, broad diversification of our Company's sources of revenue and earnings, both domestically and globally. Year-to-date we have produced 2.4 billion on underwriting income for a combined ratio of 90.4. And that includes 2.1 billion of cut losses. And what is shaping up to be another year of sizable weather-related loss events tied to the new normal brought on by climate change and other societal changes. Speaking again to our underwriting health on a current [Indiscernible] year ex-cut basis, underwriting income in the quarter was 1.4 billion, up 23% with a combined ratio of 84.8 compared to 85.7 prior year quarterly underwriting record. If we exclude the one-time positive adjustment we took last year due to lower frequency of loss because of the COVID related shutdown, our current accident year combined ratio, unaffected improve 2 points. This is more reflective of our margin expansion. And we included a simple exhibit in our press release showing the detail. The strength of our Balance Sheet and conservative approach to loss reserving was again in evidence this quarter, as we reported 321 million in favorable prior period reserve development. Net investment income in the quarter was 940 million up 4.5%. Peter is going to have more to say about cuts, and prior period development, investment income, and book value. Turning to growth in the rate environment. As I said at the opening, P&C premiums were up nearly 17% globally, or 15.5 in constant dollar. With commercial premiums up 22% and consumer up 4%, the 17% growth for the quarter, and 14.2 for the first 9 months topped last quarters, and was that was the strongest organic growth we have seen again since 2004. Growth in the quarter was broad-based with contributions virtually all commercial P&C businesses globally. From our agriculture business to those serving large companies, to mid-sized and small, and most regions of the world and distribution channels. The robust commercial P&C pricing environment remains on pace in most all important regions of the world with continued year-on-year improvement in rate to exposure on the business we wrote both new and renewal. In North America, total P&C net premiums grew over 17% with commercial premium up about 22.5%, excluding agriculture, which had a fantastic quarter in its own right with premium growth of over 40%, commercial P&C premiums were up over 16.5 in North America. New business was up 13% for all commercial lines and renewal retention remains strong at over 97% on a premium basis. The 16.5 commercial premium growth is a composite of 15.5% growth in our major accounts and specialty business, and over 18% in our middle market and small commercial business. Simply a standout quarter for this division. Overall rates increased in North America commercial lines by over 12%. Once again, loss costs are currently trending about 5.5%. Can vary up or down depending upon line of business. And again, like last quarter, just to remind you, in general, commercial lines loss costs for short tail classes are trending around 4% though we anticipate to this to increase in the future. While long tail loss costs, excluding comp, are trending about 6%. Let me give you a better sense of the rate increase movement in North America. In major accounts which serves the largest companies in America, rates increased in the quarter by just over 13%. Risk management related primary casualty rates were up over 6%. General casualty rates we're up about 21% and vary by category of casualty. Property rates were up 12 and financial lines rates were up 17%. In our E&S wholesale business, rates increased by 16% in the quarter. Property rates were up 13, casualty was up 20, and financial lines rates were up about 21. In our middle market business rates increased in the quarter, nearly 9.5%. Rates for property were up over 11%. Casualty rates were up 9.5%, excluding workers comp, with comp rates down 2% and financial lines rates were up 18%. Turning into our International General Insurance Operations. Commercial P&C premiums grew 20.5% on a published basis, were 16 in constant dollar. International retail, commercial P&C grew nearly 17% or 12 in constant dollar. While our London wholesale business grew over 31%. Retail commercial P&C growth varied by region. With premiums up almost 28% in our European division. Asia-Pacific was up 15.5, while Latin America commercial lines grew about 6.5. Internationally, like in the U.S. in those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail commercial P&C business, rates increased in the quarter by 15%. Property rates were up 11, financial lines up 33% and primary and excess casualty up 7% and 11% respectively. And in our London wholesale business, rates increased in the quarter by 11%, property up 13, financial lines up 14, Marine up to 8. Outside North America, loss costs are currently trending about 3%. Though that varies by class of business and country. Consumer lines growth globally in the quarter continued to recover from the pandemic's ongoing effects on consumer related activities. Our international consumer business grew almost 10% in the quarter on a published basis, or 5% in constant dollars. And breaking that down a little further, international personal lines grew almost 11% on a published basis. While internationally A&H grew over 8.5 or just 5% in constant dollar. Latin America had a particularly strong quarter in consumer with personal lines in A&H premiums up 18.5% and 17.5% respectively, powered by both our traditional and digitally focused distribution relationships. Net premiums in our North America, high net worth personal lines business were up just over 1%, adjusted for non-renewals in California and COVID related auto renewal credits, we grew 3% in the quarter. Our true, high net-worth client segment, the heart of our business grew 11% in the quarter. Overall, retentions remained strong at 95.7% and we achieved positive pricing, which includes rate and exposure of 14% and our homeowners portfolio. The severity trends in personal lines in the U.S. remain elevated. Lastly, in our Asia-focused international life insurance business, net premiums plus deposits were up over 52% in the quarter. While net premiums in our Global Re business were up over 22%. In some, we continue to capitalize on broad-based and favorable market conditions and improving economic conditions. All of our businesses did well or are improving from agriculture to all forms of commercial P&C globally. Both retail and wholesale, serving large companies to middle market and small to our improving global personal lines in A&H businesses, to our Asia Life businesses, to our Global Re business. in one sentence, both growth and margin expansion are two trends that will continue. In the quarter, as you saw, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire the life and non-life insurance companies that house the personal accident, supplemental health and life insurance businesses of Cygnet in Asia-Pacific for 5.75 billion in cash. As you saw, or can see from our investor presentation, these operations generate approximately 3 billion in premium revenue, have favorable underwriting margins and are not exposed to the P&C cycle. This highly complementary transaction advances our strategy to expand our presence in the Asia-Pacific region, including our Company's Asia-based life Company presence, and adds significantly to our already sizable Global A&H business. Upon completion of the transaction, which we expect during 2022, Asia Pacific share of Chubb's global portfolio will represent approximately 20% of the Company. For many years, we have admired Cigna's business in Asia, including its people, product innovation, distribution and management capabilities. The underlying economics and value creation to the transaction are very attractive, and these businesses will contribute to our Company strategically for decades to come. The transaction once again, demonstrates our patience in advancing our strategies and confirms our consistent and disciplined approach to holding capital for risk and growth, both organic and inorganic. Our Company has considerable earning power and a patient hand to deploy capital effectively overtime. We return excess of what we need to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, while we continue to build future revenue and earnings generation capabilities. In conclusion, this was another excellent quarter of growing our business and our exposures, expanding our margins and investing in our future. All in a period with substantial cats, which are not unexpected. My management team and I have never been more confident in our ability to continue to outperform and deliver strong, sustainable shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Peter, and then we'll be back to take your questions.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning again everyone. As you've just heard from Evan, our overall franchise continues to deliver outstanding top-line growth, margin improvement, and profit growth. Now let me discuss our balance Sheet and capital management. Our financial position remains exceptionally strong, including our cash flow, liquidity, investment portfolio, reserves, and capital. It all starts with our operating performance, which produced 3.3 billion in operating cash flow for the quarter and 8.5 billion for the first nine months. We continue to remain extremely liquid with cash and short-term investments of 5.1 billion at the end of the quarter, even after our significant capital management actions. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned 1.9 billion to shareholders, including 1.5 billion in share repurchases and 346 million in dividends. Through the 9 months ended September 30, we returned over 5 billion, including almost 4 billion in share repurchases. Or over 5% of our outstanding shares and dividends of over $1 billion. The agreement to acquire Cigna's, ANH, and life insurance businesses in Asia Pacific is not expected to impact our share repurchase and dividend commitments. Our investment portfolio of 122 billion continues to be of very high quality, and we have not made any material changes during the quarter to our investment allocation. The portfolio increased 759 million in the quarter and at September 30th, our investment portfolio remained in an unrealized gain position of 2.9 billion after tax. Adjusted pretax net investment income for the quarter was 940 million, similar to last quarter and 40 million higher than our estimated range benefiting from higher private equity distributions.
Evan Greenberg: As I noted on the second quarter earnings call, our investment income is based on many factors. And notwithstanding our better-than-expected results over the last few quarters, we continue to expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million. Pretax catastrophe losses for the quarter were 1.1 billion. With about 1 billion in the U.S. of which 806 million was from Hurricane Ida. And 135 million from international events of which 95 was from flood losses in Europe. Our reserve position remains strong with net reserves increasing 1.7 billion
Peter Enns: or 3.2% on a constant dollar basis, reflecting the impact of catastrophe losses in the quarter and 2021 growth, in particular from our agricultural business, which has a seasonality impact on reserves. We had favorable prior period development of 321 million pretax, which includes 33 million of adverse development related to legacy environmental exposures. The remaining favorable development of 354 million was split approximately 30% in long-tail lines, principally from accent years 2017 and prior. And 70% in short tail lines, principally from our 2020 North America personal lines. Our paid-to-incurred ratio was 73% for a very strong 75% after adjusting for tax, PPD and agriculture. Book value decreased by 744 million or 1 % reflecting 1.16 billion in core operating income, and a net gain on our investment portfolio of a 190 million, which was more than offset by foreign exchange losses of 305 million, and the 1.9 billion of share repurchases and dividends. Book and tangible book value per share increased 0.6% and 0.4% respectively from last quarter. Our reported ROE for the quarter and year-to-date was 12.3% and 14.4% respectively. Our core operating ROE and core operating return on tangible equity were 8.2% and 12.6% respectively for the quarter. As a reminder, we did not include the fair value mark on our private equity funds in core operating income, as many of our peer companies do. For comparison purposes, our core operating ROE increases by 5 percentage points to 13.2% and our core operating income increases by a $1.61 per share to $4.25. Year-to-date our core operating ROE, including the fair value mark on our P funds, would be 13.8%. I'll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, [Operator instructions]. We will begin with Michael Phillips, with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Evan in your comments and in the press release, you talked about some actions because of the climate change, just the thoughtful and put the actions you are going to take. Andy, can you talk about what some of those are and what we can expect to see from those actions either on exposure changes or cat load changes that might change in the future because of what you're doing?
Evan Greenberg: to answer it a little differently than that. I mean, it's a broader statement that I'm making and in the press release it was not simply about Chubb, it's the industry. The industry and Chubb included has seen in recent years arise in the frequency and severity of insured losses globally from commercial and personal property arising from that cut. And especially losses from less well modeled or non-modeled causes. Our objective with all of this is twofold, price business adequately get paid for the risk. Secondly, understand that manage accumulation of exposures against weather-related pearls modeled and non or less well modeled. Factors that are contributing to the rise in loss actually fall into 3 categories. First, we're seeing today changes globally in the frequency and severity of the apparel such as tropical storms, wildfires, and floods. However, the historical record provides an interesting context when thinking about today's risk environment. For example, recent land falling U.S. hurricane activity is not especially anomalous in either frequency or frequency of intense storms as measured by wind speed compared to say, the first part of the 20th century. And repeats of storms from this earlier period would in fact generate losses far greater than any modern storm in terms of industry loss. All of which is already contemplated in our modeling and risk management. And with all that said though, there is evidence now that the amount of precipitation contained within the storms appears to be greater. And that is increasing the amount of loss emanating from events. The second factor that contributes is changes to the exposure footprint of insurable personal and commercial properties, increases in actual exposure units, and values from GDP growth, demographic shifts to higher risk geographies, and aging building stock are all examples of factors that are leading the higher loss potential. And finally, the third, the impact of natural events is further amplified by increasingly vulnerable infrastructure. For example, the levy failures during Hurricane Katrina in '05, and the systemic electric grid failure during the 2021 Texas freeze. We're actively working to reflect the impact of all of these trends in our pricing, risk selection, and exposure management. We have significant advances in modeling, especially secondary perils such as floods and wildfires. But there's still a way to go. Our loss costs consider recent experience together with explicit recognition of factors that can be quantified, such as sea level rise, exposure growth, or demographic shifts. And we continue to refine our portfolio management to manage risk aggregation and an ever more granular level. The net results for us are dynamically risk adjusted rates that appropriately reflect changes in charges for both recent loss experience and exposure concentrations. So we're striving to stay on top of this, and we have an awful lot of resource dedicated to the effort. And frankly, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you for the details. Appreciate that. Second question then on, I appreciate the details you gave a little bit. Yes. Sure. Is that better?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, that's a little bit better.
Michael Phillips: Off-shelf my headset. I appreciate the details on the loss trend numbers that you gave this quarter, I guess, clearly less of the base going on on the casualty side with loss trends specifically on the casualty side here of the long tail that you gave them a 5.5 or 6.5 I guess. What pieces of that, if you can kind of break that down would be most worrisome to you that could make that number change. Again because of all the domain is going on. Some financial inflation, some social inflation and different things that are happening there. Any piece of event that you'd be more worried about there and that could make that number go up?
Evan Greenberg: No. There's no one ingredient. I'm not worried, so I wouldn't characterize it as worry. If you're worried, don't be in the casualty business. These are -- these are dynamics that are -- that are enduring and so all of the -- all of the ingredients, whether it is social inflation, the trial bar, and as a business, litigation funding. At this moment in time, understanding the latency because courts are closed and not taking the head -- have been closed, not taking the head-fake on the lag. And then you have simply economic, inflation, and science, and legal environment changing with legislation, all of that has been our consistent factors. Some rear their head a little more than others at times. And we're mindful of all of that. And that's what we try to do a good job of anticipating. And by the nature of it, you can only anticipate so much of it. And the future is unknowable until it arrives. In fact, so therefore, you manage conservatively declare bad news early and good news late. Thanks for the question.
Operator: We'll now move to a question from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Hi, good morning. I was just hoping to just get an update on the excess capital position. Capital return has been a highlight so far this year, but so as earnings power and capital generation. And I know in the past, I think at the end of last year, you said excess capital was about a 2 point drag on the ROE. But since then you've returned about 5 billion through buybacks and dividends. So I guess [Indiscernible] long-winded way of asking, where do you guys think the excess capital position was at the end of the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. It's in the range of about -- it's come down from about 2 to about 1.5.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then just thinking about potential uses of capital. Obviously still have some headroom on the 5 billion share repurchase. And then the CIGNA acquisition. I guess I'm also just wondering, just any thoughts around the timing of buying up the additional ownership stake in Wutai, and how we should thinking -- should be thinking about that.
Evan Greenberg: When it comes to Wutai the ownership stake, buying that up, which -- buying it up to over 50%, and good luck prognosticating specifically with China over the next few months, number of months. And then going well in excess of that potentially I would say through 2022.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe if I could just sneak one more in. Another good quarter of growth across the board, but I wanted to just drill down a little bit in North America commercial. Last quarter, you talked about exposure being negative. And I was wondering if that's still the case, and obviously pricing and new business, there sounded like they were very strong. We're wondering if you can maybe break down some of the other components of the strong growth this quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look, exposure growth in aggregate, net-net, had about a 0.5 impact on our North America commercial lines growth. And that includes both positives from economic activity and then structural changes like deductible increases and retention etc, that would go the other way and it all nets out to about a 0.5 a point.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Next we will hear from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Again you talked about robust price increases that we've seen for a while across the industry. As you think out over the course of the next year, do you think the industry can broadly maintain rate in excess of loss trend just as you think about the underlying dynamics out there?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, I do. I think -- look, I don't have a crystal ball, but from everything I see right now about rates and the shape and pattern of how -- when I look over a number of quarters, what I would call is simply a moderation in the rate of increase. When I look at that and I look at the loss cost environment, and then I look at our retention rates against the kinds of rates we're achieving. So we achieved certain rate increases, booked a retention rate on business, which then tells me about the tone of the marketplace. All of that tells me that the industry should continue to achieve rate in excess of loss cost for some time to come.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then in terms of North America commercial in the underlying loss ratio that was around a 150 basis points year-over-year improvement, since you guys didn't call anything out, obviously, the COVID frequency impacted other segments. Is -- was there any one-off noise or is that a pretty good indicator of the underlying margin improvement within North America commercial?
Evan Greenberg: It's a pretty good underlying run rate number. There is not one-offs.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. Thanks for the color.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question will come from Mike Zirinski, Wolfe Research.
Mike Zirinski: Great. Good morning. I guess I'm going back to loss costs. I might have missed some of the exact wording, Evan, but I think you said you expected some of the short-tail commercial classes to increase in the future. If you could provide some color around that.
Evan Greenberg: Right now in short-tail, there is evidence of inflation in the homeowners lines and has been for some time. but not so much in commercial property, paid losses. But given labor costs and commodity prices, and supply chain problems in scarcity and materials, we expect costs to rise and we're building that view into future claim payments. And our pricing, which is only prudent. And that's all I'm saying, we're anticipating just in the common sense way ahead of it. Not waiting for it to be on top.
Mike Zirinski: I guess as a follow-up, having -- that's interesting because looking at some of the carriers, it seemed like paid losses are down in the casualty lines due to some of the courts being let's say, delayed or clogged or running at a slower pace. Is Chubb seeing that too, in the casualty lines?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Let's not confuse though. What I said about short-tail and what you just said about casualty. We and all the whole industry, we've been saying for over a year and a half now that obviously with courts closed, dockets full, it has a delay in the processing or the final adjudication of casualty related claims. And that's a pattern -- a paid pattern and change. But any good underwriter is not going to take that head-fake and believe that change of pattern means a change in ultimate loss. And so therefore, we don't believe that's exchange of the trends. And so therefore, as I said earlier we remain with a 6% trend factor a nd the pace will ultimately come through as well as the lag and incurrence.
Meyer Shields: Understood. Lastly just thanks for the granular details about the underlying loss ratio benefits 3Q of last year. I heard your answer, we heard your answer to Lisa 's question in North America commercial. But I guess I just want to make sure, since you guys didn't break out, the granular benefits last year or early 2021. We should be assuming there were some benefits in those same segments that -- when we are thinking about future quarters, year-over-year results, mostly from personal lines?
Evan Greenberg: I don't know know what you're saying.
Meyer Shields: I guess just -- he frequency benefits, Evan, those just didn't -- okay but the frequency benefits -- yes. But they happen later, not just 3Q, right? In 4Q and probably 1Q of this year. So we should be taking that to account.
Evan Greenberg: Not that we -- not that we see.
Meyer Shields: Thank you.
Operator: We will now move to Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Good morning. Looking at the Cygnet field, can you describe any cohesiveness of those different markets across 7 countries or those marketplace dynamics more siloed.
Evan Greenberg: Tracy, it's like describing -- these are countries, they're not markets. They're individual countries with their own cultures, their own socioeconomic dynamics, their own social systems. Their individual languages.
Evan Greenberg: These are -- I wouldn't view it in a sterile away, it's -- Asia 's vast and no different than saying, well, can we talk about the United States and France in the same breath? No. Or the United States, France, and Brazil. You have to think of them each independently. That's the whole point of managing a global business. You understand the local market. Idiosyncrasies, opportunities, and risks. The geographies are great varied by each.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you. Maybe just going back to capital management back in February, you shared S&P's decision to lower capital benchmark to AA from AAA, which help you unlock excess capital. And as you know, S&P has published an advanced notice that plans to update its capital model. We do not know a lot about it. I will come and request for comment comes out, but I guess what I'm getting at, does this development compel you to sit on the sidelines with respect to capital deployment until more is understood? Or will you cross that bridge when more information is known?
Evan Greenberg: We'll cross that bridge when more information is known. We have very close and productive dialogue. Always on an ongoing basis with rating agencies.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you for taking my questions.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome. Thanks for asking.
Operator: Next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. Evan I guess I'd like to focus my first question around retention and recruiting. You talked about money in your previous answer, labor shortages. And there's a lot of news in the marketplace around the availability of workers. I think St. Louis Fed was out something earlier this week, about 3 million workers may have retired due to COVID. So maybe you could give us your perspective around what's going on at Chubb with retention and recruiting.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks. Like with all companies, it's a constant effort and it's a difficult marketplace for recruiting and retention rates are modestly lower and it's a combination of people moving around, and more retirements. And just making different choices in their lives an outcome of -- clearly of COVID in many ways. We have -- to manage, we've significantly beefed up and improved our resource capabilities around recruiting. And we have such an intense focus on it, and the -- in aggregate, the number of open positions we had in June in North America is down today from what it was then. We're making progress and continue to make progress, but you have to grind on it. People want -- many people want different -- a different way to work. They want more flexibility in the days that they work or the hours that they work. And while we remain work from office Company and we'll be. We have adjusted and recognized that given the ability with technology today, that has been proven over the -- NSA accelerated the proving of that over the last year-and-a-half since we went into shutdown or closer to 2 years now or I guess about a year and a half. The -- our ability to productively work, not simply from the office, but from home allows for greater flexibility. And we recognize that and therefore are adjusting our own expectations around that. So we're mindful obviously, and we're in a marketplace that competes for talent. We want the best and the brightest and those -- and the most ambitious, I should say. Really the most ambitious to want to work for Chubb. We are an ambitious Company. We're not going to moderate our goals and our objectives because of employment concerns were going to just step up our game to make sure we're a place where those who share our ambition and want to work hard, but want to apply different kind of work life balance and where they work from. We want them to work here. And we want them to be motivated to be here. And so we're making strides in that. I think good strides. And as I said, the overall number of open positions here is down. And down, not a small amount.
Greg Peters: Thank you for that answer. And I guess it's sort of related, but we're hearing or seeing in the news a lot of changes going on and distribution. Brokers as roll-ups, private equity involved in roll-ups we're seeing large companies hire producers from other companies. And then you highlighted your higher retention ratios of your business. Can you talk about what the changes are in the distribution outside of Chubb, how that's affecting your business. It's it doesn't seem like it is. Is there some risk out there as we look forward that it might be disruptive to your renewal ratios?
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't believe so. Chubb has -- enjoys an extremely strong position with all of the top brokerage, and agency plants in the country. Strong dialog, strong presence. Our spread of product and capability. And our local capability, we are simply a very compelling offering to any broker who has to -- or agent who has to make a market, that's their job, to make a market. And pretty hard to make a market without Chubb. And so we bring a lot of compelling capability and tools, and frankly, as they compete against each other, and it's a fierce market within the brokerage community of how they compete for business. Chubb is an important ingredient in helping them in their effort to compete and our partnership between ourselves is very well balanced.
Greg Peters: Seems like a fair answer. Thanks for your time.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Ryan Tunis with Autonomous has the next question.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Another quarter of solid improvement in the policy acquisition cost ratios. I think, especially in the commercial lines segment. Curious what's driving that is that better terms on reinsurance? How sustainable is that trend, Evan?
Evan Greenberg: Not better terms on reinsurance. It's sustainable. It's a mix of business driven, predominantly within commercial lines. And it's -- there is fee business, there is commissioned business. And what you see is pretty steady, and on the margin. And though not unimportant, commission rates in some lines of business as rates have increased, have come down. And that also benefits to a degree. We think it's available.
Ryan Tunis: And then
Ryan Tunis: I've got a follow-up more in terms and conditions. If I recall at the beginning of a hard market, one of the things that kind of bothered you was having done the excess casualty business. I think I remember you talking about $1 million attachment points and how that become stale over the years. Is that -- I guess 2 years later into the hard market, is that something that's been corrected are those attachment points broadly self-corrected? I'm just wondering if there's something that might help us in addition to rate?
Evan Greenberg: And it doesn't self-correct. But it is definitely within when you're in a hard market, it is one of the ingredients that also helps clients to ameliorate rate increase. And they're motivated and and incented. because you go from a million to a 2 million attachment point on what you pay, you got out of a dollar swap layer with us. The difference between a million and 2 million is adequately price. So it's rational, you retain that for yourself. And so attachment points and deductibles and limits for different exposures within a policy, are all ingredients that have been and continue to be adjusted to today's economic environment and a more rational construction of policy terms and conditions. And that is taking place and has been taking place on a broad basis. And I'll remind you, Ryan so that completely transparent about it. Within how we -- when we look at rate increase, we include that within our definition of increase in rate because in the areas in the lines were we can measure it definitively, and we can in certain lines very well.
Ryan Tunis: You mentioned that happens in a hard market. Is that the type of thing that down the road when we're not in a hard market, do those terms and conditions, those new limits, deductibles, attachment points, do those tend to stick maybe a little bit better than headline rate?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, the attachment point and the deductibles tend to be much stickier than rate is.
Ryan Tunis: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: And depending on the business, particularly in middle market, more than stickier it endures. It tends to endure.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now move to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. Two quick questions here for you. First, what happened with the Ag business, the massive growth years, was it a new client? Was there something happen from an accounting perspective?
Evan Greenberg: If it was a new client, they were like they must have had farm the size of --
Brian Meredith: Exactly client [Indiscernible] floral which will take over the Western U.S.
Operator: John Lupine.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks Brian. know supplies the base prices were up significantly year-over-year and our spring crops, corn and beans were up 18, and 29% respectively. And we had another record year in terms of policy count acquisition growth, and new acres planted by our producers. So that really drove the 43 growth that you can base. price, John 's referring to in a simple way, if you apply a rate against exposure. And exposure is the commodity price of say, corn or beans. And that price, which is a February price, that's when you're priced the policies, is up significantly over the prior year because the commodity prices are up.
Operator: Yeah. Makes sense. I think and my second question is, I just wanted to talk a little bit about your global ANH.
Evan Greenberg: Giant farm, that was like 200,000 acres [Indiscernible] record
Brian Meredith: And then the next, I just like to talk a little bit about the global A&H business. I know there is a component that it's travel-related, but any indications that's going to turn around here, I would've thought that with the economic growth we're seeing that would have already start to seeing some nice growth out of it.
Evan Greenberg: Our travel business is predominantly Asia and Latin America. And if you've been following it, Asia has been locked down until very recently where it's just starting to open. Countries like Australia that have been closed for a year-and-a-half, they're just going to open in November. Singapore, Thailand, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, they've all been locked down. And they are just starting to open now through November. And we're starting to see growth pickup, in fact, and one Luis can remind us, I think it's the month of September or October, is our first month where we've seen real growth and it was, let's say 8% and we're all jumping up and down about it. However, to remind you, our travel is off about 85% from what it was at '19, so 8% is got a ways to go.
Brian Meredith: Good. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. One brief questions to start with, Evan are you looking to add or shrink exposure in homeowners in Florida and California?
Evan Greenberg: Well, Meyer I'll remind you, we were -- we gave some forward information that in California we were shrinking. We were shrinking not a small amount in our footprint that is exposed to wildfire both highly exposed and even moderately exposed to wildfire, which is not a small amount. And we gave an amount of premium that related to that, that would impact us. And that's because in the State of California, in their own wisdom, we cannot charge an adequate price for the risk and not by a small amount. So someone else will have the pleasure of writing that business, unfortunately. And so we've been shrinking that and in particular Florida, we've been pretty steady.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe a broad question. Can you talk about maybe the opportunities and potential risks to Chubb of the infrastructure bills that Congress is now considering.
Evan Greenberg: Well, the opportunities are great. It's going to -- over time it's going to add a lot of activity to construction around infrastructure. Now, it's you passed the bill, and then putting the shovel on the ground takes a period of time, and the infrastructure bill, if I recall correctly, is to generate infrastructure improvements over a decade. But it'll -- a trillion dollars is an awful lot of infrastructure. Now, the issue of labor will be very interesting to see. It's one thing to want to -- to want to realize those infrastructure projects that our country sorely needs. And on the other hand, the labor to affect those projects is something that Congress is going to have to wrestle with and read into that immigration and temporary work visa 's for Mexicans and others south of the border we're very capable and executing that labor and by the way, want to go home after they -- after working here. They don't want to necessarily remain here. And we have to rationally recognize that and address that as part of a 1-point -- a $1 trillion infrastructure package, if we're to spend it and make the difference we expect. And the insurance industry will be a beneficiary of that because those projects need to be insured, both construction and surety.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to your host for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to seeing -- speaking with you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: With that, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our June 30, 2021, Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company's performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Peter Enns, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the number Chubb had an outstanding quarter, highlighted by record operating earnings and underwriting results, expanded margins and double-digit premium revenue growth globally, the best in over 15 years, powered by commercial P&C and supported by continued robust commercial P&C rate movement. Chubb was built for these conditions. We have averaged double-digit commercial P&C growth over the past 10 quarters. The breadth of our product and reach, combined with our execution-oriented underwriting culture, and our reputation for service and consistency enable us to fully capitalize on opportunity globally, and conditions such as these size and scale are our friend. Core operating income in the quarter was $1.62 billion or $3.62 per share, again, both records. On both the reported and current accident year ex-cat basis, underwriting results in the quarter were simply world-class. The published P&C combined ratio was 85.5% and current accident year was 85.4% compared to 87.4% prior year. The 2 percentage points of margin improvement were almost entirely loss ratio related.  Current accident year underwriting income of $1.2 billion was up 27%. While on the other side of the balance sheet, adjusted net investment income of $945 million, also record, was up nearly 9.5% from prior year. Peter will have more to say about cat and prior period development, investment income and book value. Turning to growth and the rate environment. P&C premiums were up 15.5% globally, with commercial premiums excluding agriculture, up nearly 21%. The 15.5% growth for the quarter and 12.6% for the first six months were the strongest growth we have seen since 2004. Growth in the quarter was extremely broad-based, with contributions from virtually all commercial P&C businesses globally, from those serving large companies, to midsize, small, and most regions of the world and distribution channels. We continue to experience a needed and robust commercial P&C pricing environment in most all important regions of the world, with continued year-on-year improvement in rate to exposure on the business we wrote, both new and renewal. Based on what we see today, I'm confident these conditions will continue. In North America, Commercial P&C net premiums grew over 16%. New business was up 24% and renewal retention remained strong at 96.5% on a premium basis. In our North America major accounts and specialty commercial business, net premiums grew over 13%, with each division, major accounts, Westchester and Bermuda having its largest quarter in history in terms of written business and the standout was our middle market and small commercial division, which had the biggest quarter in about 20 years, driven by record new business growth and strong retentions. Overall rates increased in North America commercial by a strong 13.5%, which is on top of a 14. 7% rate increase last year for the same business, making the two-year cumulative increase over 30%. And remember, in North America, rates have been rising for almost four years. However, they have exceeded loss costs for only about two years now. Loss costs are currently trending about 5.5% and vary up or down depending upon line of business. General commercial lines loss costs for short-tail classes are trending around 4%, while long-tail loss costs, excluding comp, are trending about 6%. Let me give you a better sense of the rate increase movement by division and line in North America. In major accounts, rates increased in the quarter by about 16% on top of almost 18% prior year for the same business, making the two-year cumulative increase over 36%. Risk management-related primary casualty rates were up almost 9&. General rates casualty rates were up 27% and varied by category of casualty. Property rates were up nearly 12% and financial lines rates were up almost 20%. In our E&S wholesale business, the cumulative two-year rate increase was 39% comprised of an increase of circa 18% this quarter on top of 18% prior year second quarter. Property rates were up about 16.5%, casualty was up about $21 million, and financial lines rates were up over 21%. In our middle market business, rates increased in the quarter over 9.5% on top of over 9% last year, making the two-year cumulative increase 20%. Rates for property were up over 10.5%. Casualty rates were up 11%, excluding workers' comp, and comp rates were down at about 0.5%. Financial lines rates were up over 17.5% in our middle market business. Turning to our international general insurance operations. Commercial P&C premiums grew an astonishing 33% on a published basis or 24% in constant dollars. International retail commercial grew 27% and our London wholesale business grew 60%. Retail commercial P&C growth varied by region, with premiums up 36.5% in our European division, with equally strong growth in both the UK and on the continent. Asia-Pacific was up over 29%, while our Latin America commercial lines business grew over 14.5%. Internationally, like in the US, in those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In our international retail commercial P&C business, the two-year cumulative rate increase was 35%, comprised of increases this quarter and prior year of 16% each. Two territories in particular, the U.K. and Australia, stand out in terms of rate achievement. In our U.K. business, rates increased in the quarter by 18%, on top of a 26% rate increase prior year for the same business, making the 2-year cumulative increased 48%. In Australia, the 2-year cumulative rate was 42%, comprised of an increase of 23% this quarter, on top of 16% prior year. In our London wholesale business, rates increased in the quarter by 13%, on top of a 20% rate increase prior year, so making the 2-year cumulative 36%. International markets began firming later in the US and again, like with the US, rates has exceeded loss costs for about 2 years now. Outside the US, loss costs are currently trending 3%, and so that varies by class of business and country. Consumer lines growth globally in the quarter continued to recover from the pandemic effects on consumer-related activities. Our international consumer business grew 13% in the quarter, and that's on a published basis. It grew 5% in constant dollars. Breaking that down for you, international personal lines grew 20% on a published basis, while our international A&H grew 6.5%, but it was essentially flat in constant dollar. Within our A&H book, a nascent recovery in our leisure travel business outside of Asia is beginning to result in growth, although passenger travel activity is still well below pre-pandemic levels in both our group A&H business, with its employer-based benefits and our consumer-focused direct marketing business. Premiums were up mid-single digits, still impacted by the pandemic, but beginning to improve. Net premiums in our North America high net worth personal lines business were up over 2.5%. Non-renewals in California and COVID auto-related renewal credits had almost 1 point of negative impact on growth in the quarter. Our TruNiNetworkh [ph] client segment, the heart of our business, grew almost 8% in the quarter. Overall retention remains strong at over 94%. And we achieved positive pricing, which includes rate and exposure of 13% in our homeowners portfolio. Loss cost inflation in homeowners is currently running about 11%. Lastly, in our Asia-focused international life insurance business, net premiums plus deposits, were up 55% in the quarter, while net premiums in our Global Re business grew over 32%. In sum, we continue to capitalize on a hard or firming market for commercial P&C in most areas of the world. Both growth and margin expansion are 2 trends that I am confident will continue. Our organization is firing on all cylinders. We're growing our business and our exposures, and we continue to expand our margins. Our leadership employees are energized and driven to win. I couldn't be more proud or humbled by the results they are producing, and I want to thank them all publicly for their efforts. I am confident in our ability to outperform and deliver strong, sustainable shareholder value. I'll now turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning. First, I'd like to acknowledge Phil Bancroft's almost 20 years of service and leadership with the company. I'm excited to be in my new position and build upon all that he has achieved -- all he has achieved under his leadership, and I'm honored to be leading the very strong team he has built going forward. Turning to our results, we completed the quarter in an excellent financial position and continue to build upon our balance sheet strength. We have over $75 billion in capital and a AA-rated portfolio of cash and invested assets that now exceeds $123 billion. Our record underwriting and investment performance produced strong positive operating cash flow of $3.1 billion for the quarter. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $2.3 billion to shareholders, including $1.9 billion in share repurchases and $352 million in dividends. Through the six months ended June 30, we returned $3.1 billion, including $2.4 billion in share repurchases and dividends of $704 million. We recently announced a one-time incremental share repurchase program of up to $5 billion through June 2022. As Evan said, adjusted pretax net investment income for the quarter was a record $945 million, higher than our estimated range, benefiting from increased corporate bond call activity and higher private equity distributions. We increased the size of our investment portfolio by $2.4 billion in the quarter after buybacks due to strong operating cash flow and high portfolio returns, including $694 million in pretax unrealized gains from falling interest rates. At June 30, our investment portfolio remained in an unrealized gain position of $3.3 billion after-tax. During this challenging investment return environment, we will remain consistent and conservative in our investment strategy and do not expect to materially adjust the portfolio asset allocation over the near-term. We will be selective but active, and will continue to focus on risk-adjusted returns and we will not reach for yields. There are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, including the amount of operating cash flow available to invest, the reinvestment rate environment and the assumed prepayment speeds on our corporate bond calls and variability around private equity distributions. Based on the current interest rate environment and a normalized long calls in private equity distributions, we continue to expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million. Our annualized core operating ROE and core operating return on tangible equity were 11.5% and 17.7%, respectively, for the quarter. And as a reminder, we continue to present the fair value mark on our private equity funds outside of core operating income as realized gains and losses instead of net investment income as other companies do. The gain from the fair value mark this quarter of $712 million after-tax, we have increased core operating ROE by five percentage points to 16.5% and core operating income by $1.59 per share to $5.21. Book and tangible book value per share increased by 4.2% and 5%, respectively from the first quarter. Due to record core operating income and realized and unrealized gains of $1.4 billion after-tax in our investment portfolio, which again primarily came from declining rates and mark-to-market gains on private equities. The increase in book value per share also reflects the impact of returning over $2 billion to shareholders in the quarter. Our pretax P&C net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $280 million, principally from severe US weather-related events. There was no overall change to our aggregate COVID-19 loss estimate. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $268 million. This included a charge from molestation claims of $68 million pretax compared with $259 million in the prior year. Excluding this charge, we had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $336 million pretax, split approximately 30% in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2017 and prior and 70% short-tail lines. For the quarter, our net loss reserves increased $1.1 billion in constant dollars and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 80%. Our core operating effective tax rate was 15.8% for the quarter, which is within our expected 17% for the year. Now I'll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning Evan and thanks for taking the question. First question is on growth, I guess, maybe specifically North America commercial lines. Are you pleased with the growth there relative to the rate you're getting? And I guess, what I'm implying is how much of the growth you're getting is true market share gains versus just all rate?
Peter Enns: Well, I think it's a serious combination of both. You just heard me provide you new business growth rates and strong renewal retention rates, and that means exposure growth. And that means in your part and gaining market share. And so all in, very, very strong growth, fundamental growth in the business. And by the way, actual exposure growth was negative in the quarter. And – but new business and renewal retention and rate well overcame that. You saw a 21% growth in commercial P&C.
Michael Phillips: Okay. And sticking with North America commercial lines. As a core loss ratio relative to 1Q was up a little bit, and was there some impact from portfolio transfer in the second quarter, or is that just a normal second quarter event that happened or what impact that was that in the quarter that maybe?
Evan Greenberg: No, it's just normal. it's a normal quarter-on-quarter seasonalization. There wasn't some impact from LPT or that. And the mix of business changes quarter-on-quarter, and that's it. I think the thing you're more focused on is the year-on-year change, and it looks pretty strong.
Michael Phillips: Yes, perfect. Okay. Thank you, Evan. Appreciate it and congrats on the quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will now take a question from David Motemaden with Evercore.
David Motemaden: Hi thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on that last question, Evan, just on the North American commercial loss ratio. How much of the 2.4 points year-over-year improvement was driven by mix versus rate in excess of trend?
Evan Greenberg: Sure. You're really asking me the question, I want to help you with it, of LPTs and the impact of writing so much LPT last year versus this year, which can inflate loss ratio last year versus this year. If you adjust for the LPT impact and a little bit of other onetime noise, year-on-year combined ratio, adjusting for that, improved 1.8 points. It was 0.7 on expense and it was 1.1 loss ratio related.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for. Thanks. And that's good to see that accelerated a bit from the improvement last quarter. I guess just another question, just overall on the expense ratio. Maybe this is also for Peter. I think in the past, you've talked about some of the improvement being driven by some non-sustainable COVID-related impacts for T&E, things like that. Was it -- did that come back those one-time impacts, or are we still realizing some sort of benefit from that?
Evan Greenberg: No, you're fundamentally looking overall at a pretty good run rate. And look, if things opened up more and as they open up more, there'll be more travel-related expense, a little more entertainment-related expense. We don't anticipate it to have a big impact. Still a pretty good run rate. And that's on the OpEx ratio. Remember, the acquisition ratio bounces around with mix of business.
David Motemaden: Right. Yes. Perfect. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it David.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning. So, the first question we'll focus on just the pricing commentary. You really laid out some very robust results in terms of price achievement, not only in the recent quarter, but really for the last -- almost two years. And in your press release, I think you said you're confident these market conditions will continue. So, Evan you know where I'm going to go with this, which is there's growing--
Evan Greenberg: Don't actually Greg, There's a lot, but I don't know where you're going. Go ahead.
Greg Peters: Well, it's going to -- listen, there's a lot of rhetoric in the market that the rate environment is going to start to soften. And so where I'm going with it is from where you sit today, you're producing an 85% combined ratio. That's pretty darn good. Is -- are we going to be in an environment, say, two years from now where we're back to negative rate increases across many lines of commercial, or talk about your views on how you see the market developing?
Evan Greenberg: Look, I can't tell you what we're going to see 2 years from now. I can give you a sense of – in my own judgment because I don't have a crystal ball. Based on the current market conditions and where I think they're going over the medium term right now, I think loss cost – I think rates will continue to exceed loss costs. We're exceeding loss costs right now by a reasonable margin. And the industry overall -- forget Chubb, the industry overall has been, number one, achieving loss rates in excess of loss costs for just 2 years now. And secondly, the industry starts at a loss ratio that is quite high. And to achieve a reasonable risk-adjusted return, it has to continue to achieve rate in excess of loss cost for a prolonged period of time. Interest rates are so low, there's no joy on the other side. And then you have an external environment that is – that has risk around it, from cyber, to climate, to the litigation environment. And all that is baked into, I think, the mood and the thinking among those in the industry underwriting today. And so, in my judgment, from everything I see, it is natural that I gave you year-on-year movement in pricing and rate so that you would have a perspective. And as you think about the rate of increase declining going forward, that is natural, but it's well in excess of loss cost and I believe that will continue. But to a good question that I think deserve a fulsome response.
Greg Peters: Well, I -- in your comments about loss costs are interesting because there's 2 -- and you mentioned litigation. So there's a perspective that the legal environment, because of COVID, was shut down last year, and that's going to come back in spades. And then the second piece on loss cost is, there's all this rhetoric about inflationary pressures, especially on things like auto. And do you see that sort of manifesting itself in terms of higher loss costs for the industry as we think about the next 12 months?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So here's how I see it. When we look at the long-tail lines, we're using a historic trend ignoring COVID and the shutdown, assuming a reversion to the mean and which was recognizing what I think is a relatively hostile legal environment and litigation environment. So there's – the actual at the moment is running better than the trended 6% we're using. But we think that's a head fake on a timing question in how we imagine trend and therefore, what you really need in pricing. On the short tail side of the business, I really gave you two numbers. I gave you homeowners. And I gave the homeowners running a double-digit observed inflation today. I gave you a long tail -- I gave you short-tail commercial that were trending at 4%. On the commercial property side, from all we see and all of our data, currently at the moment, it's actually running below that, both frequency and severity. But we see enough of what we see as inflation externally. We see enough of what we see in the homeowners book that we continue to trend it in both pricing and reserving at that 4% range.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thank you for the thorough answers.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: We will now move to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, Evan, going back to some of the pricing commentary you gave, it seems like most lines still healthy levels above loss trend. So, we've heard from some folks in the industry as certain lines are getting to rate adequate and momentum is slowing. But it sounds like just really across the board, most lines are still in need of rate. I guess, would you characterize any lines as being rate adequate or just general kind of pushing consistently rate across the majority of your commercial lines?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not sure, Elyse. I heard your commentary, but I'm not sure I got the question.
Elyse Greenspan: I was just trying to get a sense, like broadly across commercial lines and you make your commentary about at still being a firm market. Do you see every line still in need of healthy, robust rate increases, or any lines may be more at adequate levels right now?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, it really varies across the board. When I look at the industry overall, I think, in many classes, the industry, in aggregate, if I rolled it all together, is one big portfolio, needs rate. When I look at it for the Chubb portfolio, most of our business is at or approaching risk-adjusted rate adequacy.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful.
Evan Greenberg: That's as far as I will go.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful.
Evan Greenberg: But it varies by line, by territory, by class.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then my second question, you guys outlined a pretty robust $5 billion capital share repurchase plan last week. As you think about the opportunities, your excess capital position, do you think that -- should we think about the capital return being prorated over the next year depending upon where your share price is maybe you could come sooner than later? How are you thinking about share repurchase, given the $5 billion understanding that you guys bought back a good amount that you shared in the second quarter as well?
Evan Greenberg: Nice try Elyse. Stayed tuned.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Now we will hear from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Good morning. Evan, one observation, I guess, we had is the Overseas General segment loss ratio improvement has actually been keeping up pretty well at the North America commercial loss ratio improvement. And I guess that's a little bit surprising to us, just given the mix. And I was just curious if that surprises you as well?
Evan Greenberg: No. Not at all.
Ryan Tunis: So when you think about overseas general North America or you think that they have pretty similar margin profiles at this point, given pricing conditions?
Evan Greenberg: Well, they're running different combined ratios. It varies by segment of overseas general, by country, by the mix. It varies wholesale versus retail, but overseas general continues to improve at a pace that's very similar to North pace.
Ryan Tunis: I got.
Evan Greenberg: I'm a little confused beyond that, Ryan, and I want to help you if I can.
Ryan Tunis: No. I -- just overseas general is not a segment where we've been used to seeing a lot of loss ratio growing for a long time. I thought that was more attributable to the ANH mix, but it's been impressive. I was just...
Evan Greenberg: No. Here it is, Ryan. Over half the overseas general business is commercial business. And – but you haven't been in a market where you take Europe or you take the London market, both wholesale and retail. Those were soft markets for an extended period. And we were scratching dirt for growth, but we were getting growth. And -- but we are very disciplined in underwriting, and we were making good money and good margins, a decent return, Not off-the-charts risk-adjusted return, but it a decent return. And relative to the market, we were well outperforming.
Ryan Tunis: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: You've seen. And what you get is, particularly with Europe and then with the U.K., they're slower to react. But you see that reaction taking place, and that was just an opportunity for us to drive right now, both growth and rate.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then a follow up on Elyse's question, your response for the Chubb book, so a lot of lines are approaching risk-adjusted rate adequacy. I guess just from a growth perspective, how much is that driving – when you -- the top line? Like when all of a sudden you see a line that a year ago wasn't rate adequate, and now it is. Is that a substantial marginal contributor to the top line growth we're seeing, or is it more incremental than that?
Evan Greenberg: Hey, here's how it goes around here. Number one, underwriting will never destroy book value. So, if it's running over 100, you have to fix it or kill it immediately. In this kind of environment, if you have to strive in your business to achieve an adequate risk-adjusted return. If the market will allow an adequate risk-adjusted return on that cohort of business that you are underwriting, then I'll tell you what, more submissions, more quotes and more broker relations, more brokers and agents and drive to write that business.
Ryan Tunis: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: We know our minds clearly. And that's the point I was really trying to make. We've been growing commercial at double digit now for 10 quarters. No one's really noticed that. And that's because we saw an improving -- an improved environment. Short of that, how many years were people saying, show us the benefit of Chubb and ACE coming together and this and that? We said it's about underwriting discipline, and it's about a market environment. Now, you're surprised to see it. Don't be. Hey, you still there Ryan?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now move to Tracy Benguigui.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. I'm going to give you a breather on pricing and loss trends. There's a lot of market -- no problem. I don't know if you like this question, but there's a lot of market attention paid to your Century subsidiary with respect to the BSA bankruptcy since that entity has been run off, not made it, not guaranteed and not part of an intercompany pool. So, I'm not trying to box you in on the BSA side. But I'm wondering, structurally, you conceivably let that entity assets run dry, or could there be circumstances that you may theoretically be under any obligation to contribute capital? I mean I recognized that Century is regulated by Pennsylvania, which is also your group supervisor?
Evan Greenberg: Tracy, in our 10-K, we have fulsome disclosure around Century and our obligation. It is under a statutory order negotiated and consummated between Cigna and the State of Pennsylvania before ACE purchased Cigna's P&C business, which included Century. And that 10-K disclosure around our obligation to Century speaks for itself. It's quite clear. And it is a limited obligation, and I will leave it at that.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Great. I also recognized that Bermuda is opposing the G7 tax proposal in theory, is this a minimum 15% global tax rate floor holds? How would you be thinking about Chubb's seating arrangement versus affiliate?
Evan Greenberg: I would -- how would I think about what? What about affiliate?
Tracy Benguigui: Your seating arrangement. Yes, your seating arrangements with--
Evan Greenberg: Our seating arrangement.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: We see risk for pooling and capital efficiency purposes. That's the reason we do it. We don't do it for tax purposes. I'll give you a very simple example so you'll get it really clearly. Imagine that on Chubb's balance sheet, I can take $10 million net per risk on a given class of business. But imagine that in all the countries we do business in around the world, I can't take that kind of retention because of my limited amount of capital. If I tried to take it in each jurisdiction and I had a loss in Malaysia or a loss XYZ country, I'd have to be dividending out of one place, contributing capital in another, it's the most inefficient way to run a business. So the pooling of risk and internal reinsurance is what allows you to leverage a global balance sheet to the benefit of local operations and it provides in one place the stability of spread of risks an amount of capital. So that's the fundamental reason that you start with that Chubb uses internal reinsurance. Thanks for the question, Tracy.
Tracy Benguigui: Thanks Evans.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Evan, just curious. The big $5 billion share repurchase authorization you announced, does that all indicate kind of what your view is of inorganic kind of growth opportunities here, be it opportunities or at least your appetite? : No. Nothing has changed, steady as she goes. The -- we're disciplined. Everything I've ever said about M&A. We're disciplined. Money doesn't burn a hole in our pocket. It has to advance what we're doing strategically. It has to be good for shareholders in terms of value creation. All of that, nothing changes. Our earnings generation power, as we see it. Our current capital position and surplus capital together, led us to the decision that the right thing to do and the prudent thing to do just in the talk, we've said about we'll hold full capital and have capital flexibility for risk and growth, organic and inorganic, and we'll return other than that to shareholders. That's all we're doing.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you. And Evan, another question here. You all are fairly meaningful player in the cyber insurance marketplace. I'm just curious, can you give us kind of your thoughts on that marketplace right now? I know there were some issues with losses last year, but I understand that the pricing environment is pretty good right now. And just your view of opportunities there?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, the pricing environment is pretty good. The – but that's not it. That is not addressing by itself, the fundamental issue that the industry has to wrestle. And Chubb is beginning to respond to, but others are slow to react to that are the fundamentals around cyber. Like pandemic, cyber has a catastrophe profile to it and the nature of cat potential that has no time nor geographic boundary to it. And you take the growing digital interconnection of the world today in everything, personal and business, and that potential for catastrophe, the concentrations of exposure are only growing. And you see the spector of risk raising its head and all the cyber-attacks we see, malicious cyber-attacks, both nation state and non-nation-state actors for various reasons; one, to disrupt society, another, to make money. And so you have a frequency of loss on one hand and rate -- and some adjustment to coverage can manage that. On the other side of the coin, you have a systemic nature of this. And I can tell you, in the way Chubb underwrites, we are facing it and we are beginning to address it. And then on the -- in underwriting. And now on the other side are the real public policy questions, and we are involved in raising our voice in the public policy arena. Number one, when you look at ransomware, while I don't think the government should outlaw ransom, where payments at this time, I do think that we ought to be looking at whether we allow payments. I do think the nature -- because who are you paying? Terrorists? Secondly, treasury right now, you should require -- you should be obligated under current law, anti-money laundering laws, to get permission to make a ransomware payment. We should be removing the incentive out of the system for ransomware attacks, which are all about money for the most part. And on mask what is the social or the intention to disrupt our country politically and unmask that part of it and show it. Secondly, there are all kinds of things that the private sector and public sector could be doing together. Sharing of information is one of them right now and understanding where systemic risk aggregations are is another. So I'll stop right there, but it is more than about achieving rate in cyber today.
Brian Meredith: Thanks Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Sorry, Brian, more than you expected, but we have clear views about this.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now hear from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Good morning. Two, I guess, mobile questions. Evan, you talked about the general expense ratio, but I was hoping you could give us a little color on what drove the actual decrease in administrative expenses in North American commercial year-over-year?
Evan Greenberg: Meyer, how about we take that one offline with you, we'll go through the accounting of it.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: There was nothing substantial.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough. In the same sort of tone, other income or expenses in North America Commercial? That was negative 14%. Is there anything unusual in terms of what's building up to that number?
Evan Greenberg: No, nothing unusual. I'm within that. It's just noise, quarter-to-quarter noise.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And with no additional questions in the queue, I will turn the call back over to your host for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day. And welcome to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. Welcome everyone to our March 31, 2021 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, growth opportunities and economic and market condition, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, and then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions today are several members of our management team. And now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a really good start to the year, highlighted by excellent premium revenue growth globally, powered by our commercial businesses, double-digit commercial P&C rate increases and expanding underwriting margins, leading the record ex-cat underwriting results and simply world class margins. It was an active quarter for natural catastrophes due primarily to the winter storm losses in Texas. Though even with that, we produced a really good calendar year combined ratio, which speaks to our improved risk adjusted underwriting returns. The public P&C combined ratio was 91.8% and included catastrophe losses of 9.1 percentage points, compared with 3.3% last year. The current accident year combined without cats was 85.2%, compared to 87.5% prior year. The 2.3 percentage point improvement was made up of 0.1% loss ratio with the balance related to the expense ratio. Adjusted net investment income in the quarter was $930 million, up about 1.5%. That excludes private equity gains, which most other companies include. On that basis, investment income grew 50%. In sum, core operating income in the quarter of $2.52 per share was down $40 million from prior year to $1.1 billion, while net income of $2.3 billion was up significantly over prior year’s $252 million. Phil will have more to say about the expense ratio, cat, prior period development, investment income and book value. Turning to growth and the rate environment, P&C premium were up 9.7% globally, with commercial premiums up 15.6% and consumer lines down 2.5. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on growth of 1.6 points. The consumer lines result included negative growth in global A&H, flat revenue in international personal lines and about 2.5% underlying growth in North America personal lines. We continue to experience a very strong commercial P&C pricing environment globally and based on what we see today, I’m confident these conditions will endure. Chubb was built in all aspects over years to capitalize on these conditions. In North America, commercial P&C premiums grew almost 15%, new business was up 21.7% and renewal retentions remain strong at 95% on a premium basis. In North America, major accounts and specialty business, net premiums written grew about 17.5% or about 15% excluding year-over-year impact of large structured transactions. Our middle market and small commercial business grew over 11%. Overall rate increases in North America commercial were up by 14.5%, while loss costs are trending up about 5.5%. That would varies up or down depending upon line of business. Let me give you a better sense of the rate environment. In major accounts, risk management related primary casualty rates were up almost 8%, general casualty rates were up 34.5% and varied by category of casualty, property rates were up nearly 20% and financial lines rates were up almost 21%. In our E&S wholesale business, property was up 15.5%, casualty and financial lines rates were up 25%. In our middle market business, rates for property were up 16%, casualty was up 12% excluding comp, with comp up 1% and financial lines rates were up 18.5%. In our international general insurance operations, commercial premiums grew over 20% on a published basis or 15% in constant dollar. International retail commercial grew about 17.5% and our London wholesale business grew 38.5%. Retail commercial growth varied by region with premiums up over 26.5% in Asia-Pac, 22.5% in Europe, with equally strong growth in both the U.K. and on the Continent. Our Latin America commercial lines business returned to growth in the quarter with premiums up 4.7%. Internationally, like in the U.S., in those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In overseas gen, rates were up about 14.5%, with a loss cost trend of 3%, though that varies by class of business and country. Rates were up 14% in our international retail business and 20% in our London wholesale business. Keep in mind, these outstanding commercial insurance growth rates in the U.S. and overseas were achieved in spite of the headwinds we face from negative exposure growth due to reduced business activity. On the other hand, consumer lines growth globally in the quarter continued to be impacted by the pandemic’s effects on consumer-related activities. During the quarter, there were signs of recovery beginning. Breaking consumer down between A&H and personal lines, our international personal lines business produced modest growth of 1.2% on a published basis, fundamentally flat constant dollar. While our international A&H business shrank 3.7%. Travel globally, both business and consumer related remains depressed and that hits A&H hard. While our direct marketing and group employee benefits A&H business is beginning to pick up modestly. If we exclude the travel business, our internationally A&H business grew almost 2% on a published basis. We expect growth to continue to improve as the year goes along, though predicting the continued impact of the pandemic in Asia, Latin America and Europe is difficult. Net premiums in our North America high net worth personal lines business were up about 2.5% excluding reinsurance reinstatements, auto renewal credits in California and wildfire exposure related cancellations. As I have said before, this outstanding franchise is about customers who choose Chubb for the service and richness of coverage and are willing to pay for them. These clients segments which are at the heart of what we do grew 8% in the quarter. Overall portfolio retention remains strong in high net worth at over 94%. We achieve positive pricing, which includes rate and exposure of 11% in our homeowners portfolio. Looking ahead, we have been and are taking continued action to shape this portfolio. To that point, we’re taking ongoing action to reduce our wildfire exposure in parts of California as a consequence of our inability to achieve adequate rate and terms for the coverage. This will have an impact for the remainder of the year of about $15 million or about 1.25% impact on our growth rate. Lastly, in our Asia focused international life insurance business, net premiums plus deposits were up over 18.5% in the quarter. In sum, as I have said, the past few quarters are longer. We’re in a harder firming market for commercial P&C in most of the world. The rate environment and my judgment is a rational and necessary response to years of industry under pricing and a more uncertain risk environment today, driven by climate change, litigation, environment and cyber related exposures. Given our years of data and analytics capabilities and underwriting knowhow, we know what rate we need in order to achieve an adequate risk adjusted rate of return from underwriting and that is the objective. And it is a relentless focus, though we’re never perfect. Some lines are there. Others have a way to go. Virtually all of our commercial P&C lines of business continued to achieve rates that exceed loss cost and so margin continued to improve. As you can see, we’re off to an outstanding start to the year. My colleagues and I are confident in our ability to grow our business and continue to expand margins. And as I said, I expect as the year progresses, our sizable consumer business will return to growth. Our organization is focused, it’s mission driven, the quality of Chubb service and consistency is a widely recognized differentiator. They are the wellhead of our reputation. We are leaning in to the current favorable underwriting conditions and capitalizing wherever we can get paid adequately to assume risk and volatility. We are growing exposure. Our people are energized and focused, and we have all of the capabilities in place to grow our company profitably, while increasing shareholder value. In light of recent events concerning the Hartford and for the sake of absolute clarity, I want to reiterate once again, our enduring views concerning M&A and capital management. We look at lots of deals every year, different sizes, small to large, different geographies and product areas, and we pull the trigger infrequently. We have lots of optionality. We have made 17 acquisitions over the past 15 years and have an excellent track record of advancing the company’s capabilities, while creating shareholder value. Our approach is steady and consistent. We are extremely patient, disciplined and the money is not burning a hole in our pocket. If we believe a transaction will advance our strategy and further what we are building organically and is good for shareholders, we won’t hesitate to pull the trigger. As regards surplus capital, we’re again very consistent. We hold capital for risk and growth, both organic and non-organic. Beyond that, we return surplus capital to shareholders. We are highly confident about our future and wealth creating -- creation prospects and we approached the Hartford from that position of strength. This was another opportunity to create additional value and would not distract us from capitalizing on an organic growth opportunity. With that said, the purpose of today’s call is to discuss our first quarter financials and our company’s business. I’ll now turn the call over to Phil and then we’re going to come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our financial position remains exceptionally strong. Our balance sheet includes a $121 billion AA rated portfolio of cash and investment assets. We have over $74 billion in capital, stemming from our superior operating and investing performance. Our operating cash flow remains very strong and was $2.1 billion for the quarter. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $871 million to shareholders, including $352 million in dividends and $519 million in share repurchases. Adjusted pretax investment income for the quarter of $930 million was higher than our estimated range and benefited from increased corporate bond call activities. Well, there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income. We expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million. Our annualized core operating ROE and core operating return on tangible equity were 8.2% and 12.8%, respectively, for the quarter. Separately, as Evan mentioned, we continued to present the fair value mark on our private equity funds outside of core operating income as realized gains and losses. Instead of net investment income, as other companies do. The gain from the fair value mark this quarter would have added 3.1 percentage points to core operating ROE. Book and tangible book value per shares decreased by 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively, for the quarter due to unrealized losses of $1.9 billion after-tax in our investment portfolio from rising interest rates. This loss was tempered by adjusted realized gains of $1.2 billion after-tax, mainly from the mark-to-market gains in private and public equities, and in our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. At March 31st, our investment portfolio remains in an unrealized gains position of $2.8 billion after-tax. Our pretax P&C net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $700 million from severe weather related events globally, including $657 million of losses from the storms in the U.S. We had favorable prior period developments in the quarter of $192 million pretax or $156 million after-tax. The favorable development is with approximately 20% in long tail lines, principally from accident years 2017 and prior, and 80% in short tail lines. There was no change to the previously reported aggregate P&C COVID-19 losses, the majority of which remain as incurred but not reported. For the quarter, our net loss reserves increased $1.1 billion and are paid to incurred ratio was 77%. The P&C administrative expense ratio of 8.6% in the quarter improved by 70 basis points over the prior year, about half related to one-time items that we don’t expect to repeat. Our core operating effective tax rate was 15.5% for the quarter, which is within our expected range of 15% to 17% for the year. I’ll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, Phil. At this time, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the nice quarter and Evan appreciate it the time here. I guess I want to focus first on you sound still very bullish on commercial lines and exposure growth you want to push for. You said, last quarter commercial lines will lag this quarter, you’re confident that conditions will continue on? I guess, with your numbers that you gave on pricing and loss trends, there still quite a bit of a gap there, that’s good, a little bit narrower than what you said prior. But I guess two-part question is, how adequate are current rates across the Board? It’s hard to imagine they’re not? And then, I guess, you didn’t say you want to push for exposure growth still, so is commercial lines still the place to push given what might be a narrowing gap and the rate versus loss trend?
Evan Greenberg: It’s funny how people think about rate right now. And this obsession with our rate increases decelerating the rate of increase decelerating, accelerating, where is it and nothing is [ph] trying to achieve. You’re trying to achieve a risk adjusted return, which translates to a combined ratio that is at least adequate to return a good risk adjusted return. So let’s call that, 15% or it depends on the line of business, let’s call it 15%. And as you approach that, as you achieve it, do you need to keep increasing rates? So you ask yourself that question. And you need rates to remain there, you got to achieve at least loss cost. We’re achieving. We have more and more of our portfolio and its proprietary, so I will not go into what percentages of the portfolio are at a proper risk adjusted return in terms of combined ratios on a policy year and accident your basis. We measure both. And with that, in total, look at the overall level of rate increase. And look at the margin between the rate and exposure and loss cost. Now with that, let me go a step further for you, because of this obsession about this. When I look at the third quarter and fourth quarter last year, and I measure the first quarter against it right now, and I’m taking the time on this question, because I know all of your colleagues or most of them have this question on their mind. When I look at the level of rate increase this quarter measured against prior, okay? Property in North America in aggregate got rate increases in the mid-teens, which is about 2 point to 3 points lower than it was in -- when I look at the average of the third quarter and fourth quarter last year. Property has been getting rate on, rate on, rate on, rate. When I look at primary casualty, the rates are up. They’re higher than they were on the average. When I look at excess and umbrella, the rate of increase is flat, with the average of the quarters. When I look at financial lines, the rate of increase is flat with prior quarters. When I look at marine, it’s up. When I look at aviation, it’s flat to down. When I do this internationally kind of the same trend, property down 2 points to 3 points, the rate of increase from what it was the other two quarters. Primary casualty is flat. Excess and umbrella the rate of increase is flat. Financial line is up. And marine is down. So, no, sorry, marine is up and aviation is down a little bit. So you know what, I think that gives you guys as much color as I can give you and to answer that question that from every angle I can that I know is on everyone’s mind. You know what, the conditions are excellent. Thank you very much for the question, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Okay. No. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. That’s helpful. Conditions are excellent. So that lead to this ones, frankly, marine question I didn’t ask, Evan, but I am curious to hear what you can say. Not even asking about [inaudible], specifically at all. But just in general, clearly, there was some capital to be deployed there. And as you said, not burning a hole in your pocket, you’re very infrequently posed for entries only. If something like that is off the table and then growth in the conditions are still pretty right. I guess how should we think about where to go from here for maybe another capital deployment round of authorization versus more organic or just kind of what can we expect for what was possibly can be used there and how it might be used in the near-term?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you can imagine Michael is steady as she goes. We have clear minds and we are at rest. We adopt our buybacks from a $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion, and we will actively resume that. We had to take a pause during the -- this episode with Hartford and beyond that steady as she goes. We got capital for risk and opportunity and we are patient people.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate. Congrats.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you very much
Operator: We’ll go next to Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning. I don’t want this to count as a question, but I believe, Phil, this is going to be your last earnings call, if I’m correct. Well, congratulations on your retirement.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you very much. With by the way number 78.
Evan Greenberg: He is going over the wall, right?
Phil Bancroft: Well, that’s…
Greg Peters: Number 78. Yeah. Not to use. Yeah. I knew you guys.
Phil Bancroft: Yeah. Yeah.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah.
Greg Peters: Yeah.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you.
Greg Peters: I knew I’d be -- I knew that would be an issue.
Phil Bancroft: And remember I’m not here with me, it’s like dog here. Oh, I would say…
Greg Peters: Yeah.
Phil Bancroft: … at all.
Greg Peters: Yeah.
Phil Bancroft: You know how old you look.
Greg Peters: Well, the rumors about working for you are epic. So I’m sure it’s been good time.
Phil Bancroft: I don’t know what you are talking about. I don’t know what…
Evan Greenberg: Like a just rumors.
Greg Peters: So, one of the areas that you spent time in previous calls talking about is the expense ratio, because it has -- it showed improvement last year, because of in part, some COVID related teeny savings and things like that. And then, it’s still seems like it’s on a general pathway of improvement. So I was wondering, perhaps, if you can give us an updated view. When we look at these other companies that we follow, most of them try and map out of between a 40-basis-point to 70-basis-point operational improvement in your expense ratio year in and year out? I’m wondering if you can just give us an update a view on your expense ratio?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Most of them are bloated. Look at our expense ratio in absolute terms versus others our operating expense ratio. And North America is in the single digits and continuing to head marginally lower and it will through efficiencies, which I have talked about numerous times that with technology and in all forms, so I won’t go into it in great detail, but analytics, robotics, straight through processing, et cetera. We are on track to continue to drive efficiencies in the operations. And the same in overseas, general the difference there is, you’re across 50 some odd countries. And so by its nature, you have a different expense structure and it continues to improve. So we’re growing our commercial -- our P&C business, the commercial businesses at a rate far in excess of growing operating expense, operating expenses of marginally. So we’re leveraging against that. Both exposure and policy count is up. But you’re also got the added benefit, which drives the ratio down of simply price increase that feeds in there also, It runs a lower acquisition cost then does the consumer lines business, but it runs a higher loss ratio. That’s just axiomatic and true, but that business will continue to operate in the range that it’s in that you see right now, up or down a couple of tenths of a percent in my mind as we look forward. The consumer businesses will come back. And as they come back, they have that higher acquisition cost, the operating expense, so the internal expense ratio will go down, because you will have more volume returning against it. But the acquisition ratio, which will remain steady within the line, it will become a greater mix of our total and so that’ll go the other way. It’s just natural. And -- but that business then runs a lower loss ratio, the margins are excellent as you know. So maybe that gives you the color you’re looking for.
Greg Peters: Indeed. Thanks. And my follow-up question, boy, so many different areas I could go on. But I’m going to focus on operations. You said in your prepared remarks, that loss cost trend is running around just about 5 points across the book. And then during your comments and then your response to the previous question, you talked about really some --really robust rate, actions being taken across certain lines of business like general casualty, financial lines, things like that? Should I think about the loss cost trend in those lines is running higher, because of the rate you’re able to achieve or is that just an industry loss cost trend that you’re able to get the rate you’re getting?
Evan Greenberg: Let’s see if I answer it this way for you. The marketplace in terms of rate is striving -- the marketplace, because you operate within the marketplace, is striving for two things. And that is you have those who have a hole to fill, because they have deficiency in lines of business. Remember, the industry operates like a giant retro. And then they also need rate for adequacy today. That’s the marketplace. If you have operated at adequacy along the way, you don’t have that first part that hold the film and achieving market rate, you’re achieving better than adequate and not benefits. You will see we’re in a -- we’re certainly in an active loss cost period when you remove the transient impact of COVID. And so we’ll see how it all plays in terms of a margin. We play things conservatively. But we are receiving rate that ensures the portfolio will achieve adequacy in terms of risk adjusted rate of return across the book and if we have more than that, well, that’ll just speak for itself over time.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: That’s the best I can give you.
Greg Peters: Understood.
Operator: We’ll go next to David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Evan I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the loss cost trend in North America commercial. It sounds like that ticked up a bit to 5.5%. Sounds like it’s been ticking up, I guess, it is obviously a minor detail, given the amount of rate that you’re getting and continuing to earn in above trend. But wondering if you could just talk about what you’re seeing that’s driving that increase? I know there’s a lot of moving pieces and mix and everything else, but just sort of wondering if maybe you can just elaborate on what was driving the increase in the loss trend?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. And my god, you’re looking at about 0.5 point change. So, let’s just keep it in perspective. You have a couple of things. So in the short tail lines, you have non-modeled cat loss that is on an accelerated trend. Everyone sees it. You know that. I’ll stop -- I’ll move on from there, but that finds its way into your -- if you’re prudent in your expected loss cost. Secondly, on the casualty side, given the litigation environment and across different lines of business, we have watched and have talked about it endlessly. That it is the loss cost environment there is not benign and so as we always relentlessly study our trends across each class, we reflected over a period of time in how we view loss cost and we react very quickly, particularly if there’s any bad news, we react very slowly to goodness. And so it’s -- those two that are conspire between short and long tail.
David Motemaden: Got it. That’s helpful. Was there anything in the quarter or, I guess, some of the courts started to reopen? Was there anything specifically on the litigation environment that you saw during the quarter or it’s just more reflection?
Evan Greenberg: No. David, no news in a quarter. We just do study that we look at -- we’re looking at years past and trending forward. When you think about these things, they don’t -- you don’t react, the loss cost trends aren’t based upon news of this or that in any given quarter. They’re based on a more stable period of time and a much bigger data set obviously.
David Motemaden: Yes. Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for that. And then I wanted to switch gears a little bit to the international life business. Another good quarter strong sales there, up 14% constant currency. I was hoping maybe you could dive into the different regions between Asia and LatAm and what’s driving success there in each region? And maybe just stepping back a bit and just talk about the opportunity here and if you think M&A is the lever that that you’re evaluating to maybe increase scale in any of these markets?
Evan Greenberg: So, great question. The business is overwhelmingly Asia. Latin America, think predominantly, Chile, and Banco de Chile and our partnership with them. And Chile is a great market, but Chile has truly been suffering from COVID and the lockdown. And while it’s a very good business, it has some headwind in terms of growth related to that, but it’s coming back and that’ll continue to do very well, spent distribution, both branch and direct marketing related. It’s more credit related type products and short-term than it is long-term product. Though there is a mix of that in the portfolio. When you go to Asia, the growth is coming predominantly right now and in this quarter, Vietnam, Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan doing well and our business in Korea getting better, but it’s small. And I don’t know it’ll take a while to cast shadow. What’s not consolidated in those numbers, but we -- that we add as a line item, because we don’t have over 50% yet, is the increase in Guantai [ph], which is doing well. And by the way, we are on our path and it’s a very sensitive moment. So I don’t want to talk about it much. But that will consolidate. I’m confident we’ll finish what we got to get done to -- be able to consolidate Guantai and that life business is growing well. So, the organic growth and those are agency-based businesses for the most part, with some direct marketing as well, particularly in Thailand and bank distribution in Taiwan. But if you look at Vietnam, Thailand, Hong Kong, China and those are predominantly -- those are agency businesses, where agency force is growing. These are long-term products. Guarantees are extremely low, like in the 1% to 2% range. And there’s a healthy mix of savings and protection products. And that business is, we built it from dust predominantly and it’s cast and a shadow. It’s a few billion dollars now and I see great growth potential for that. As regards M&A, I made the statement. When I came to the end of my commentary, I said, we have lots of optionality. We have optionality, when we’re looking at opportunity. What that means is across product lines, across geographies, across customer segments and that includes the life insurance business. And if we found the right thing and it was accretive to our strategy. That was good for shareholders. We wouldn’t hesitate for a minute. Thanks for the question.
David Motemaden: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is tying together some of the comments we’ve heard throughout the call, just in terms of market conditions, Evan still seems pretty positive there? And then, as we think about the rest of this year, right, we’ll have, the economy continues to improve, so exposure growth should pick up. So, as we think about your commercial businesses, both within the U.S. and internationally, given the dynamics of maybe some stabilization to slight deceleration in pricing, but…
Evan Greenberg: What is the question Elyse?
Elyse Greenspan: I guess the question is and trying to understand, should we think about pre -- as we think about premium growth within commercial? Should we think about that being stable relative to the Q1, and perhaps, even improving as we get the economic improvement on picking up from here?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t -- there’s nothing on the horizon that I see that I -- that tells me we’re going to really decelerate in the commercial area. It varies by businesses as we look at it. But we’re feeling very good about it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That’s helpful. Then my second question. Evan, as I was reading your annual letter, you may have mentioned of social inflation, throughout the call, we’ve kind of brought it off in terms of just what we’re seeing today. But there’s obviously the issues that the industry is dealing with it goes back many, many decades and I was just hoping to kind of get your update as you kind of elaborate on some of the what you mentioned in your annual report, as you guys think about some of the kind of the looming issues that the industry, yourselves and others are dealing with today?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. It’s a -- it’s not a new issue to us. We’ve been on top of it for a while, the reviver statutes. They produce lots of notices. They then start to ripen and you get fax. And you are match -- you’re able to match them up against coverages that were in force at a period of time and as they do, we recognize any life of we have been and continue to recognize liabilities that we have against those and that is all baked into our published loss ratios that you see. The reviver statutes have been open for a period of time and so in most all jurisdictions, the reported notices of circumstances have decelerated tremendously from when they first opened up. There are some states that are continuing to consider opening up reviver statutes and there’s, and so this is an event that the industry deals with over time, these things evolve over time. I might add, we’re very sympathetic to those and it breaks your heart where you see the circumstances of children abused by adults sexually and were there for real. Then on the other side of the coin, the trial bar is a money making machine and there is -- that combined with new technologies of social media and litigation funding, they see it as another dog bowl they eat out of. And there is also a lot of suspect and specious behavior that is involved here. And our job is to tease out what’s real and defend against anything that that we suspect is just for we’ll got gain.
Elyse Greenspan: That’s helpful. Thanks for the color, Evan, and I also just want to extend my congrats to Phil on his upcoming retirement.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse was out also because he went over the wall.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Elyse.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. So I’m a bit obsessive in my nature. So I hope you can indulge another question on rates. Okay. I just…
Evan Greenberg: At least not asking me to be redundant, you’re wrong. Don’t ask me to do that. You will be…
Yaron Kinar: I will try.
Evan Greenberg: …question though. Absolutely. With some odd there.
Yaron Kinar: I will try. So your sub-market condition center. I think that we are seeing more lines achieving rate adequacy, as you pointed out. We’re in third year of rate increases in excess of trends, interest rates have increased. So why wouldn’t Chubb specifically or the industry more broadly be willing to give up more rate for volume as we look at the year?
Evan Greenberg: Doesn’t make any sense to me at this point? Look at combined ratios of most, look at the loss environment. And I’ll tell you what, I think, the industry overall is not in a place where it has achieved adequate risk adjusted when you consider both things I talked about. And by the way, we are driving. I can’t speak about the industry. But I’ll tell you what Chubb is grow -- just look at it. Chubb is growing exposure. We’re achieving rate and we are growing a lot of business. Because it’s at prices that we think are adequate to produce an adequate risk adjusted return. Our new business was up over 20%. Well, and our renewal retentions are high. We’re growing. We’re growing market share, because the pricing is right. You’re in on risk business. Pricing is an adequacy is where you start. That’s as good as I can give you Yaron. Beyond that you’re over thinking it.
Yaron Kinar: No. That’s very helpful. And clearly you guys are growing off a really large base to begin with. So, yeah, no, no, no other questions on that. I guess switching gears a little bit. We’ve heard some talk about potential tax reform. I realize these are very early days here. But can you maybe share your views on corporate tax reform? It’s potential impact on Chubb and Chubb positioning?
Evan Greenberg: I -- You know what I -- I don’t know enough. And we have both the corporate tax rate that that could go up. They are talking 21 going to 25 or 28. We’ll see how that plays. And then, secondly, you’ve got guilty and beat. And then you’ve got the notion of a minimum global tax rate multilateral agreement with OECD. All of these plates are spinning. The green book is not yet out. That would tell us any detail of what’s in the tax reform for -- the tax increase, heck, it’s not a reform, proposal. And so we don’t even know what the administration is yet proposing other than in headlines and so we really can’t speculate at this point. We just don’t know. When it comes out, we’ll have a better sense and then it’s got to run the gauntlet in Congress and we’ll see from there. I can’t speculate at this point, Yaron.
Yaron Kinar: Fair enough. I appreciate the thoughts.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. A couple of them here quickly for you, Evan. The first one, if I look at the rate activity that you’ve been generating the last several quarters in North America commercial and then 5.5 % loss cost inflation. Now you do the math and you get a lot more on the line loss ratio improvement in your booking right now. Is that because of your just conservatism with respect to your potential social inflation trends or is there something else that we’re just not thinking about?
Evan Greenberg: Brian, I don’t know what you’re thinking about. I don’t know what you guys are thinking about. But I -- we have always operated the company conservatively and I’m not going to -- I’m going to stop right there.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then the second question, just curious if I look at…
Evan Greenberg: I will say this to you, let’s say, we produced over 2 points of margin improvement. It was an accident year combined ratio of 85.2%, My God, world class.
Brian Meredith: No doubt. I completely agree. The second one just sticking with North American commercial, written premium -- net written premium growth really attractive in the quarter, gross written premium growth also kind of increased, but clearly, you’re seeing some benefits from just lower seated premium, any change in kind of the reinsurance strategy, as we head into 2021?
Evan Greenberg: So, not a change of strategy. Not a change of strategy there. We have -- it varies by line of business. There’s mixed within there. And then there is also within some lines of business, we have increased our net appetite.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Make sense. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: And one more here, we have better spread of risk.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. My question was just on -- a similar way, which from the statement that you guys put out last week. There’s something for some clarification. There’s a comment, you said, and this is involving the Hartford past, your transaction would have been engagement coming from the Hartford on the terms of our last proposal. I guess my question is, is that just a general comment about your desire to do friendly M&A or are you trying to say something about that being your last proposal?
Evan Greenberg: Look, the chapter with the Hartford is closed. We have moved along. And beyond that, Ryan, I’m not going to now engage and talk about past events.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. That’s right. And then, in terms of like, thinking about M&A now, I guess, it’s been five years since Chubb, back then, I think, the big gating item was you didn’t want to dilute tangible book value per share. I’m just trying to understand as you think about M&A targets, has any of your thinking evolved in terms of, what’s most important financially, the earnings accretion is it still, mainly, or accretion at least into tangible book value per share.
Evan Greenberg: First of all, Ryan, with all the respect, your comment about tangible book is a nonsense comment. It was dilutive to begin with to tangible and then it…
Ryan Tunis: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: … forward [ph] it’s way, way out of it.
Ryan Tunis: Almost 29%.
Evan Greenberg: And so I don’t know what, how you’re thinking about it, it’s hard to do M&A that isn’t dilutive to tangible and then the question is, is -- in the first moment and then the question is, is how creative is it and how quickly do you return. So, with all due respect, I don’t think you’re thinking clearly. Number two, let me make one --I’m not going to go into Chubb’s metrics of what’s most important, that’s not important here, and by the way, every deal has its own signature. And so you want it to fit on a bumper sticker and it doesn’t work that way. But I’m going to make one comment about M&A today. EPS accretion, when you use a lot of cash, this immediate lift, that’s really easy. And I don’t miss that one, whatsoever. None of us do. So that’s the easiest metric. That’s not what it’s about when you measure wealth creation value. Thank you very much for the question.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks for that.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two really quick ones I think. One, Evan, should we infer anything significant about reinsurance pricing from the fact that those written premiums were down year-over-year.
Evan Greenberg: No.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Second question. I was hoping you could comment on non-travel accident health pricing.
Evan Greenberg: On accident health pricing.
Meyer Shields: Yes. With non-travel.
Evan Greenberg: Non-travel. Yeah. It’s a -- Meyer, it’s a -- it’s -- remember we don’t do a lot of health insurance, it’s supplemental health and accident business. So, it’s fundamentally stable and actually up a few points. Rates have been moving up particularly in the corporate travel area, the commercial business.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And in our direct marketing…
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: … business, it’s very steady.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s perfect. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Karen Beyer: Thanks, everyone, for your time and attention this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter Year-end 2020 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. Welcome everyone to our December 31, 2020 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to Company performance, pricing and business mix and economic market condition, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, it’s my pleasure to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. And then, we'll take your questions. Also with us today to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had a very strong finish to the year with excellent financial results, headlined by rapid premium revenue growth and underwriting margin improvement across our commercial lines portfolio in both, the U.S. and internationally, a trend we are confident will continue. We produced very good earnings, and our balance sheet is in excellent shape. Our fourth quarter results were in context of the historic and unprecedented time we live in, nationally and globally. We continue to face the health, economic, political and social impact, the COVID-19 pandemic globally, which might now be more accurately viewed as an endemic and which despite the efficacy of vaccines and therapeutics, will likely be with us for years to come.  Before I go further with the quarter, I want to make a few comments about recent events in our country. We all witnessed the shocking display of demagoguery and insurrection by a group of our own citizens in our nation's capital in early January. We witnessed the scene in our Capitol Building never before viewed in our country's 200-year history, including the totally unacceptable display of symbols of hate, bigotry, violence and antisemitism in the halls of Congress. The incident has left our country shaken and our international image tarnished. Some members of Congress attempting to subvert the will of the people and stand in the way of what is largely a ceremonial affirmation of the electoral college vote was also unacceptable. At the end of the day, the facts are the facts. All of the independent institutions, recharged with overseeing our election process, including the Department of Justice, the new federal cyber watchdog agency, state and federal courts, and state election officials investigated, opined and confirmed there was no widespread election fraud. Just because you don't like the political outcome doesn't give you the right to make up your own facts, or attempt to subvert our democracy and the rule of law. This isn't going away, and this is a wakeup call to all of us who care about and love our country. Now, returning to our fourth quarter results. We recorded core operating income of $3.18 per share, up nearly 40% from prior year, and net income of $2.4 billion, or $5.34 per share, up over 100%, which by the way was a record. We produced strong premium revenue growth in the quarter with global P&C net premiums written, which exclude agriculture, up 6%. Our P&C combined ratio of 87.6%, along with very good net earned premium growth produced P&C underwriting income of $969 million, up 82%, while our current accident year underwriting results, excluding cats were even better, supported by continued underwriting margin improvement and excellent revenue growth in our commercial P&C businesses globally, as we continue to capitalize on more favorable underwriting conditions. The current accident year combined ratio excluding cats was 86.4% compared to 90% prior year, the 3.6 percentage points of improvement included 2.8 points of loss ratio related improvement, which was broad-based. And let me give you a better sense of this. Agriculture improved 27 points, and then excluding agriculture, the global P&C commercial lines loss ratio improved about 1.5 percentage points, virtually all as a result of earned rate exceeding loss cost trend. The loss ratio for global P&C consumer lines, which is globally A&H and global personal lines, improved 1.2 percentage points, the vast majority of which was indirect COVID benefit related. Phil will discuss the expense ratio improvement in the quarter. To very briefly recap the year, though we had an entire quarter of earnings loss to our effort to reserve COVID to ultimate and a very active year for natural catastrophes, we produced $3.3 billion of core operating earnings. The full year published P&C combined ratio is 96.1%, compared to 90.6% in '19. The full year P&C current accident year combined ratio excluding cats was 86.7% compared to 89.2%, which speaks to our underlying health. And our full year premium revenue growth is about 5.5% in constant dollar with commercial lines growth of 9.3%. I mentioned in the beginning a strong balance sheet. The strength of our loss reserves, which is the most important part of the balance sheet, improved throughout the year. Consistent with our practices, we continue to recognize bad news early and any potential good news late. On the one hand, there have been no changes to our P&C COVID-19 incurred loss charge, which we consider adequate to absorb COVID losses that may emerge. The vast majority of the charge remains IBNR. On the other hand, we have recognized to only a modest degree the reduction in losses, mostly frequency due to the economic shutdowns. Beyond COVID related, we have also purposely strengthened reserves. Increasing the strength of our reserves is the prudent thing to do, given the uncertainty in the environment. Book and tangible book value per share were up 7.7% and 12.2%, respectively, for the year. So, we'll have more to say about investment income, book value, cats and prior period development. Turning to growth and the rate environment. As I said, global P&C premium revenue in the quarter, which excludes agriculture, grew 6%, comprising 11.3% growth in commercial P&C and 3.9% decline in consumer lines. The consumer lines result included negative growth in global A&H and international personal lines and positive growth in North America personal lines. In the quarter, we continued to experience a strong and continuously improving commercial P&C pricing environment globally. In fact, the level of rate and rate of increase was the strongest since this part of the underwriting cycle began approximately three years ago. I expect the favorable underwriting conditions to continue. In North America, commercial P&C, net premiums grew 10% and that actually includes a reduction in growth of 3 points due to reduced exposures from the decline in economic activity. New business was up nearly 12%, and renewal retention remained strong at over 95% on a premium basis. In our North America major accounts and specialty business, net premiums written grew over 11.5%, while our middle market and small commercial business grew nearly 8%. Overall rates increased in North America commercial P&C by 16.5% with a loss cost trend of approximately 5%, though it varies up or down, depending upon line of business. Let me give you a better sense of the rate movement. In major accounts, risk management related primary casualty, up 7%, while general casualty rates were up over 36% and varied by category of casualty. Property rates were up over 30%, and financial lines rates were up over 26%. In our E&S wholesale business, the Westchester, property rates were up over 23%, casualty rates were up nearly 29%, and financial lines rates were up over 26%. In our middle market business, rates for property were up over 15%. Casualty rates were up nearly 12%, excluding workers' comp, with workers' comp rates up about 0.5%, and financial lines rates were up over 20%. In our international general insurance operations, commercial P&C net written premiums grew 14% in the quarter. Our international retail commercial business grew 9% and our London wholesale business grew over 32%. Retail commercial P&C growth varied by region, with net written premiums up 17.5% in the UK, about 16.5% on the Continent and over 16% in Asia-Pacific, while Latin America shrank 14% as the combination of insurance market and economic conditions weigh on Latin America. Internationally, like in the U.S., in those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio. In overseas gen, rates were up 18.5% overall, with loss cost trend of 3%. Rates were up 17% in international retail and 26% in London wholesale. Consumer lines growth globally in the quarter continues to be impacted by the pandemic's effects on consumer-related activities. Our international personal lines business and our global A&H business together shrank 8%. We expect growth to return and to begin to return in these businesses as the year goes along. Our North America high net worth personal lines business, what we call personal risk services, however, remains an exception, with net premiums up 2.5% in the quarter. We continue to experience flight to safety and quality in our high net worth segment. New business was up 6.5% and retention remained strong at about 92.3%, while we continue to achieve rate increases of 4.5%. Our global re business grew its net premiums written about 14.5%. And lastly, in our Asia focused international life insurance business, net written premiums were up 25% in the quarter. In sum, we are in a continuing hard or firming market for commercial P&C in most all parts of the world. The rate environment in my judgment is a rational and necessary response to years of underpricing of risk and a more uncertain risk environment today. Given our years of data and analytics capabilities and underwriting knowhow, we know what rate we need in order to achieve an adequate risk-adjusted rate of return from underwriting, and that is the objective. Some lines are there, while others have a way to go. Virtually all of our commercial P&C lines of business throughout the year have been achieving rates that exceed loss cost, and so margins continue to improve. Looking forward, we are off to a very good start to the year in the first quarter. Both growth and the level of rate increase we are achieving look a lot like the fourth quarter. Based on everything we see, the current commercial market condition has legs. My colleagues and I are confident in our ability to grow our business and continue to expand margins. And as I said, I expect as the year progresses, our sizable consumer business will return to growth. By almost any measure, our Company performed admirably and distinguished itself during the past year. And I applaud, and I'm so grateful to our more than 31,000 Chubb colleagues around the globe, whose resilience, determination and dedication have produced distinguishing results for our clients and shareholders, in spite of work-from-home conditions. I also want to recognize our global management team, who lead and reinforce our culture and discipline, a wellhead of our performance every single day. In closing, our Company finished the year with a strong performance and momentum that continues. We are leaning into the current favorable underwriting conditions and capitalizing wherever we can get paid adequately to assume risk and volatility. We are, in fact, growing exposure. Our people are energized, and we have all of the capabilities in place to grow our Company profitably and increase shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil. And then, we're going to come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed an eventful year with solid financial results and continued to build on our balance sheet strength, including substantial capital of almost $75 billion. Supported by extraordinary Fed actions, our AA-rated portfolio of cash and invested assets grew almost $10 billion for the year and now exceeds $120 billion. Our excellent underwriting and investment performance produced very strong operating cash flow of $2.5 billion for the quarter and a record $9.8 billion for the year. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $542 million to shareholders, including $352 million in dividends and $190 million in share repurchases. For the year, we returned $1.9 billion to shareholders or 58% of earnings, including $1.4 billion in dividends and $516 million in share repurchases. Adjusted pretax net investment income for the quarter was $924 million and $3.6 billion for the year. Investment income in the quarter was higher than our estimated range and benefited from increased corporate bond call activities and greater private equity distributions. While there were a number of factors that impacted variability in investment income, we now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $890 million to $900 million. Separately, our policy has always been to record the change in the fair value mark on our private equity funds outside of core operating income as realized gains and losses, instead of net investment income, as other companies do. The gain from the fair value mark, if included in investment income, would have increased adjusted net investment income by $485 million for the quarter and $714 million for the year. Our annualized core operating ROE and core operating return on tangible equity were 10.7% and 17.1%, respectively for the quarter. If we had included the fair value mark on our private equity portfolio and our core operating income, core operating ROE would have been higher by 3.5 percentage points for the quarter. During the past few quarters, since S&P Global Ratings published a ratings update on Chubb, management has had discussions with S&P regarding Chubb's track record of strong and diverse underwriting results and operating performance. This has resulted in the Company updating its capital management policy to calibrate its estimate of capital adequacy from S&P's AAA level to S&P's AA level. We believe this is sufficient to maintain our AA rating. Our capital management policy remains consistent. We hold surplus capital for both, risk and opportunity. Our undeployed capital on a run rate basis dilutes our core operating ROE by around 200 basis points. We are also announcing today that our Board has increased the authorization to repurchase shares by $1 billion. Our total repurchase program now allows for up to $2.5 billion between January 1st and December 31st of 2021. Book and tangible book value increased 5.4% and 8%, respectively, for the quarter, and 7.4% and 11.9%, respectively, for the year. Book and tangible book value were favorably impacted by after-tax net realized and unrealized gains of $2 billion for the quarter and $2.5 billion for the year. The gains were principally in our investment portfolio, primarily from the narrowing of credit spreads in our corporate bond portfolio, a decline in interest rates and the fair value mark on private equities. At December 31st, our investment portfolio was in an unrealized gain position of $4.7 billion after tax. Our net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $314 million pretax or $271 million after tax. The P&C catastrophe losses of $296 million were primarily from a series of severe weather-related events globally. There were no changes to the previously reported estimate of our P&C COVID incurred loss charge from June 30th. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $206 million pretax or $189 million after tax. This included $94 million pretax adverse development from our legacy runoff exposures, principally related to asbestos. The remaining favorable development of $300 million is split 70% from long tail lines, principally from accident years 2015 and prior, and 30% from short tail lines. For the year, our net loss reserves increased $4.3 billion in constant dollars, and our paid to incurred ratio was 80%. The P&C expense ratio was 28% in the quarter with a 70 basis-point improvement over the prior year. About half of the improvement is from the health-related shutdown and the balance is principally from operating efficiencies. Our core operating effective tax rate was 15.2% for the quarter and 15.8% for the year. For 2021, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 15% to 17%. I'll turn the call back to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Can you talk about your ability in times like this with rates so much higher than [Technical Difficulty] strength? Can you help with your ability [Technical Difficulty] in place, I guess, to keep your business sticky [Technical Difficulty]?
Evan Greenberg: I'm having a very hard time hearing you. Can you get closer to your microphone or something?
Michael Phillips: Sorry. Is this better, Evan?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. That's better. Please, go ahead.
Michael Phillips: In times like this with rates so much higher than loss [Technical Difficulty] you're able to get. Can you just talk about programs you have in place to keep your business sticky and keep your retentions high?
Evan Greenberg: Keeping retentions high?
Michael Phillips: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: The program -- I'm sorry. Are you saying the programs we have in place to keep our retentions high?
Michael Phillips: That's correct. Keep your business sticky and not moving elsewhere.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We -- it's very basic blocking and tackling every single day. This is a customer and client-focused Company. And frankly, our communication begins early and it's continuous with all of our clients and customers. We endeavor not to surprise. We explained very clearly to our customers and clients the reason for need, for rate increase, how we're running today, the kind of transparency we give you, we give them a lot of transparency around the loss cost environment, around our return hurdles, around our appetite for risk, the consistency of the Company has by itself, distinguished itself. And we've stood out and given -- and therefore, garnered a lot more credibility and confidence from our clients. Chubb has been consistent in its approach about underwriting and its need for rate throughout the years, particularly when we were shrinking and know that when we couldn't achieve what we required to earn an adequate return. And at the same time, given the rate environment changing our appetite consistent, we continue to promote. And on the same basis, our appetite for the amount of risk we'll take, the classes of business that we will serve, where we will serve them, all of that is a well-understood story about us. And finally, what I'd say is, we don't serve them in one line of business or two lines of business, we serve them broadly across virtually all of their needs. And the secret, we do it on a local basis. It isn't simply that we operate from 2 or 3 hubs. We're where they do business and where they need to work with us and see us every single day. There is no magic sauce about this. It's a day-to-day, year-in and year-out effort of a consistent approach to how we do business. And right now, it serves us quite well.
Michael Phillips: I guess, on the COVID losses, almost a year out now, and at the early stages, you are one, and there were a number that said it's going to be the worst than ever. Some are still saying that, but there is many that have put the industry losses a lot lower than what they initially had said. I guess, where do you stand on that? And do you think there is any upside to bringing your current numbers that you put up last year down as [Technical Difficulty].
Evan Greenberg: I'm right where you left me standing. I think the loss to the industry -- we had pegged that loss somewhere in the underwriting loss, somewhere in that $70 billion, $80 billion range, and I think it's ultimately going to play out there. Right now, it's at around $35 billion to $40 billion. And that number is going to continue to climb. And so far, you've really focused on BI that you've seen. And BI, I don't think, has run its course. But beyond that, there are a lot more casualties to come. D&O, the employment practices liability, et cetera, and credit related. And then, the other side of the balance sheet as well over time. So far, we have had a recession that has been relatively credit loss proof brought to you by central banks around the world and government policies. That's not going to last forever, and there is -- just look at how the banks have handled reserves. There is more to come.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: I had a question just on the international consumer lines. And I guess, pretty encouraging commentary that you expect that to come back as the year progresses, Evan. I guess, one thing that I'm realizing is, it feels like the mix shift away from those consumer lines has had -- has been somewhat of a headwind to the loss ratios and to margins overall over the course of 2020. So, I guess, I'm just wondering maybe if you could size that. And then, help us think about the positive margin benefit that may have as the mix shift moves a little bit back towards that as we get through the course of 2021?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'm not sure you're thinking about that completely right. The consumer lines depends on line of business within consumer, we talk about accident and health and we’re talking about automobile. But, it in general runs a lower loss ratio, but it runs a higher expense ratio. We're producing the current accident year in the 80s. And the consumer lines business runs in aggregate in that kind of range. So, it's a shift in loss ratio, expense ratio predominantly. Now, that varies, which I'm not going to get into with you and then you're going down the rabbit hole. It varies by region of the world and international versus domestic, but you really spoke about the international in that regard. So, look, as it comes back, it lifts growth and it lifts earnings, and it's less of a margin story.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. That helps...
Evan Greenberg: I'm comparing that to current accident year ex cat. On a published basis, it will have some benefit. I'm not prepared to go into the detail on that.
David Motemaden: Okay. That's fair. And then, I guess, just a question on North America commercial. So, we're obviously seeing continued positive rate trend there, 16.5 points in the fourth quarter. I guess, my question is, if I look at the current accident year loss ratio ex cat, about 120 basis points improvement year-over-year. That compares to an average rate, I think that you guys have said over the last five quarters, it's been well above 10%, I think closer to 13%. So, it sounds like it's I would say, maybe 8 points above trend roughly. I guess I'm wondering what are the moving pieces here I'm thinking maybe mix shifts that would explain why we're not seeing more of that rate above trend come through in the loss ratio.
Evan Greenberg: If you listened to me in the commentary, I spoke about reserves. I also broke down this quarter's loss ratio margin improvement. And as you heard, there was a greater percentage of improvement for Commercial P&C than there was for consumer lines within Global P&C. And so, you are seeing margin improvement. On the other hand, we are striving and will achieve an adequate risk-adjusted return, which does that we're pegging ourselves to achieve a result like that. We raised the bar in a market like this, where we're growing exposure, and there is more loss cost certainty as we look forward, COVID and non-COVID related, we are properly building reserve margin, and at the same time, through growth and margin improvement and not a small amount, and a current accident year combined ratio that is world-class. We are delivering tremendous earnings. At the same time, we're building balance sheet strength, absolutely the right thing to do. And I hope that answers your question. And finally, don't be overly simplistic about it and you weren't. You got an average loss cost trend. That varies by category of business and line of business. And we are also growing in areas, that is to some degree, changing our mix right now. Something else, that's proprietary, I'm not going to go into. So that does have an impact as well to some degree.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, on prior calls, you've also mentioned the fact that we could see reinsurance rate increases. So, January 1, you heard about a good amount of casualty, the insurance rate increases. So, have you -- do you see that, or do you expect to see that help with some of the pricing momentum that you've been talking about throughout the commercial line space?
Evan Greenberg: No, not really, Elyse. The reinsurance market in January was firmed to a lesser degree than we anticipated. And it was a bit surprising to us, both in casualty and short-tail lines, less of an impact.
Elyse Greenspan: Would you expect -- when we think about more retentions, obviously, that's moved by a lot of different reinsurance programs, but maybe if we're just thinking about North America or commercial, would you expect any significant change in your gross to net retentions in 2021?
Evan Greenberg: No. Not a significant change. Targeted in specific areas, we already have changed our retentions. But, it is -- on the margin, we're quite consistent. Remember, we buy reinsurance, both for capacity purposes where the amount of exposure we take is beyond what we want to retain on the balance sheet, and we buy a certain amount for volatility protection. And that's pretty steady in how we manage, but there are targeted areas, again, something I won't go into in any detail.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, one last for me on the market. You made a lot of good double-digit price increases, in some instances, like, well into the double digits across many lines. And you also said that there are some lines that have a ways to go, I believe. So, which lines, and I'm assuming that some lines where loss cost is perhaps well above that 5% aggregate. But, when you think about your commercial book on what lines do you still think need a good amount of rate increase?
Evan Greenberg: Right. And remember, it's to -- we translate combined ratio hurdles from what we consider to be an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return we should be earning in any line of business. And there are lines of business around the world that have a ways to go in achieving that. And there are lines that are approaching it or have are there, so it varies. I'm not going to go into what's what, that's that. As you can imagine it’s clearly proprietary. I'm not going to give a road map to the market.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Before I ask my question, just -- I know we got you for another quarter, Phil, but I just want to congratulate you on your retirement. Actually surprised Evan's actually letting you go. But, here's my questions. The first one, Evan, could you talk a little bit about the A&H business right now? I mean, what I want to understand is, how coincident is growth in that business with economic growth? And perhaps maybe you can kind of outline for us where is the growth more important globally to start seeing that growth come back in that line of business?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to give it to you in two very -- the simplest ways, and it's more complicated than this, but I think we'll help you conceptualize it, credit and travel. It's not -- so, it's not simply economic. It's the shutdown and travel. And imagine -- let's take it for a couple of hands. You would think of travel as simply, okay, retail travel insurance that you sell-through travel agents, et cetera, or airlines. That's actually a small part of it. Employers and employer purchased insurance, where it's really -- it's purchased not for employees sitting in the office. It's purchased because they have employees traveling all the time, travel accident insurance, as an example. With travel down and then on top of it, economic -- the economic headwinds, that impacts overall A&H, a major part of A&H around the globe, whether it's in the United States, Europe, Asia or Latin America. Credit related, we have a huge direct marketing book of business, and it is principally Asia and Latin America, and with people taking less credit on one hand, and secondly, not just tied to credit, but marketing to their customer bases, the middle-income customer for supplemental insurances, A&H, modest homeowners and householders related, I think, on the credit side as well, mortgages, with economic activity down, that business slows down substantially. We are seeing signs of it, and it is beginning to pick back up, but it has a ways to grow in Asia in particular, and believe it or not, in parts of Latin America, like Chile, and to some degree in places like Brazil. So, the business does start to -- and we're seeing it in the first quarter begin a bit in different areas to pick up. And then, of course, as you go further into the year beginning with second quarter, you start getting a year-on-year comparison.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you. That's really helpful.
Evan Greenberg: The overall health of the business -- by the way, the overall health of the business, very strong. And this is not like a lost forever thing. The clients remain in place. The distribution, not only remains in place, but our people have spent a lot of time putting a lot of new distribution channels in place. New partnerships across the board, and we are very optimistic that as time goes on -- and I just can't pick the time. You're trying to pick the timing of the health crisis right now. And when does it -- when are we able to, around the world, resume travel, economies open up, people leave their homes and get back to work that's -- good luck predicting that, you can't. But, what we know is, it will over time, heal itself. And as it does, that’s very vital part of our franchise. It is an excellent franchise in place, and we'll get a lot more joy for the effort we got today.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. Second question, I am just curious, Phil mentioned the 200 basis points of drag from your excess capital position right now. I'm just curious, do you think you'll be able to use that excess capital organically over the next couple of years, or do you think you'll need to do some inorganic stuff in order to utilize that excess capital, or do you anticipate utilizing it?
Evan Greenberg: I anticipate, over the next number of years, next few years, you know I'm a pretty patient guy. And I expect over the next medium-term to put that capital to work, either organically or inorganically.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Is the market condition is good enough to...
Evan Greenberg: Chubb remains a growth company. And that's how we see ourselves. And it is predominantly beginning with the most fundamental shareholder wealth creation, indicator tangible book value. And by tangible book and book over any medium-term period of time, we will continue to grow this Company. And our share of the global insurance market, we view it globally, is almost a rounding error. And so, there is a lot of scope to grow for this company. And it is both organic and inorganic. And the inorganic things we will do are things that will complement what we are already doing organically, and we'll produce what we think are superior or very favorable return to shareholders. So, we will use the capital wisely. And to the degree, we build surplus capital in excess of what we require, we will return that to shareholders. And you notice we're returning another $1 billion. We just announced, right, something from $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion. I know we live in worlds of trillions, but I got to say, honor the mouth to meet that, right?
Operator: We will take our next question from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Maybe just piggybacking off the inorganic growth discussion. Can you comment, Chubb had exercised its option to purchase an additional 7.1% stake in Huatai, which would make Chubb a majority owner? I mean, it seems certain conditions had to be met, but the intent previously expressed was to do so by year-end 2021. And if so, how will we change [ph] the majority ownership milestone change or strategic priorities in China and APAC more broadly?
Evan Greenberg: Could you repeat in -- what is the essence of your question?
Tracy Benguigui: On the inorganic growth -- yes, on the topic of inorganic growth, I recognize…
Evan Greenberg: Huatai -- yes. Huatai insurance?
Tracy Benguigui: Right. Have you exercised that 7.1% option?
Evan Greenberg: No, we have not exercised the 7.1%. When we do, when it occurs, we will announce it to the market. Of course, we will. And you will know when and if we achieve the majority control, which we expect to do.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. All right. So, I'll just move on from there. Maybe just to cyber, congrats to Mike Kessler on his new cyber leadership role. With a new set of eyes, is Chubb refreshing its view of cyber risk, or is there secular trends like 2020 ransomware that is prompting you to revisit limit and impose self-insured retention? And if you want to just add anything more broadly on terms and conditions.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Mike, who's an outstanding executive and he's been with us a long time. He wasn't appointed based on market conditions or what we see as the general underwriting environment. Mike was appointed because he's a great executive. It's an important line of business to us. It has -- it's a very complex line of business. And Mike brings the skills and the capabilities to manage on a global basis, a business like that. Great opportunity for him and a great opportunity for Chubb. Beyond that, the cyber itself is in a state of change. And the product is evolving and will evolve. It's a lot beyond pricing. Pricing is the easy part of it. The loss environment, which I've been speaking about for numerous quarters consistently, is changing. And so, I'll just remind everyone, frequency of loss has been increasing as the world has digitized, and we gave it a huge shove during COVID and work remotely conditions, the world is more cyber and digitally integrated. And that raises both, exposure in terms of frequency of loss, but it also raises and continues to raise the catastrophe nature of the product because of the interconnectedness of everyone globally. I have said for a number of quarters that the next pandemic, the exposure that looks like a virus is cyber related because it has no geographic or time bound to it. We've seen a number of events over the recent years that give a glimmer of that. So, it is complicated. And the product has to evolve to recognize that kind of exposure, both on the frequency side and the severity side. And we have a fabulous team of cyber experts who've been doing this for quite a while. You got to, at the same time, be humble and know what you don't know and not over imagine, there's a lot of basis risk in it, even the cyber -- all the cyber experts are constantly surprised with new day zero events and techniques that emerge. And so, I can, on that, wrap it up, by saying, I can think of no one better to help lead along with our cyber experts than Mike Kessler.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Evan, I'm going to assume in this question that if the industry was putting up underwriting results like Chubb, would be experiencing great increases to the jury [ph] that we are. So hoping you could talk a little bit about, maybe on the technology side the proprietary differences that allow underperformance -- sorry, underwriting outperformance relative to peers and ambitions maybe over the next couple of years to spend that?
Evan Greenberg: Be careful of one thing, Meyer. Everybody has a different mix of business, a different book of business. Chubb, we have a balance between middle market and small in the United States and around the globe and large account and specialty risk, E&S, we're very large E&S player. We're very large, maybe the global leader in major account business. And then, we're a top-tier middle market company. All of that goes, and I was pretty clear that the level of rate increase we're getting varies by the market area. And then, beyond that, it varies by product area, and I gave you some sense of that. We have years and years of data. And it's not just data. It's been turned into information, and it has taken us a long time to do that and to do it properly. And so the management information flow here is so well connected between the reserving process and the rate making process in a granular, real-time way and updated based on loss and loss cost trends and actual in virtually real time, without a lot of lag. And it is something that all of us at all levels have great transparency and availability to access and that links back with then how we look at what business are we quoting, what business are we binding and at what terms and conditions? It doesn't mean that it's all perfect and we don't make mistakes. And given loss cost and real world about the loss environment that we don't get surprised on the margin because things change swiftly here or there, of course, but we react quickly. And finally, what I'd say to you is it's no different than this conversation that goes on about, well, how come you haven't produced more margin? Well, we're producing outstanding margin and margin improvement. It’s that -- look at our reserving policy. It's that we recognize bad news most immediately, and we recognize good news over time. The commercial P&C business, particularly the casualty areas are not for optimists, and I've said this many times. And by the way, the notion of prior period reserve development, well, that's a strength. And that's part of being prudent on recognizing slowly when you're conservative and cautious about a loss cost environment. So, it's the data, it's the technology, it's the knowledge of the people, and it's the management policies and practices consistently that make the difference.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful…
Evan Greenberg: We play for the long term. We're not trying to make some short-term killing in our business. And that's not what it's about. And by the way, we run the Company first for our customers. And we run it to deliver them a product at the right price, not take advantage of them in any way.
Meyer Shields: No, that's clear. Thank you. Second question, looking back after 9/11, I guess, the industry basically reassessed its expectation of terrorists domestically. Are some underwriters thinking differently about political risk in the United States? Is that a real world issue from an underwriting standpoint?
Evan Greenberg: Well, there isn't really a political risk insurance market in the United States. The United States, given rule of law and given credit ratings, there has not been true political risk losses in the United States. And true political risk exposure from what we classically deliver as a product outside the United States in political risk. And, God help us. I don't expect that to change. Now, you could ask the question on the investment side of the portfolio, and do we see political risk? I think we see more credit-related risk than we do at this time political risk.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Bayer, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thanks everyone for dialing in this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks. And have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. We will conduct a question-and-answer session after the prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome to our September 30, 2020 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the company's performance, pricing and business mix and economic market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us today to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. The quarter was marked by continued insurance market hardening, an economy struggling to reopen globally and a very active period for catastrophes with current industry estimates ranging between $35 billion and $40 billion in insured natural and manmade cat globally. As an industry leader, we of course have our share of exposure in losses. We published a P&C combined ratio of 95%, which was impacted by $925 million of net cat losses, a good performance, all considered, supported by both significant underlying - underwriting margin improvement and very strong commercial P&C revenue growth globally as we capitalized on favorable underwriting conditions. To begin, in terms of cats, we tracked over 40 separate events globally in the quarter, a very high frequency. For the North Atlantic hurricane season, we're now into the Greek alphabet. Aside from hurricanes, we had the derecho in the Midwest, wildfires along the West Coast and a number of international weather events. The increasing trend in both frequency and severity of events, from a variety of natural perils, wind, flood and fire-related informs our views of current and future expected cat loss levels, as well as our view of required rate to ensure the exposure in both commercial and consumer property-related lines. Where we can get paid adequately for the volatility and uncertainty, we will maintain and even grow our exposures. Where we cannot, we shrink. And in either case, shape our portfolio according to our risk appetite. California wildfire is a good example of both shrinking and shaping the portfolio. We shrunk our overall insured home count 16% over the past few years and improved the shape of the portfolio by reducing the home count 21% in fire exposed areas. Overall for cat risk, there is more to come, as we continue to improve the tools we use, both science and technology to better assess the risk and concentration of exposure in the areas of flood, wildfire and wind. Our global P&C, which excludes agriculture ex-cat current accident year combined ratio was 85%, an improvement of 3.3 points over prior year with underwriting income up 36% in constant dollars, as a result of both margin improvement and earned premium growth of 10% in commercial lines. Over 2 points of the margin improvement were loss ratio related. The balance was expense ratio related. Of the loss ratio component, about a point was margin improvement because earned rate exceeded loss cost trend. The balance was a modest recognition of the favorable impact from the health-related shutdown and economic conditions, principally a reduction in loss frequency in US and Latin American Automobile lines. Of the 1.2 point expense ratio improvement, the acquisition-related portion is due to mix of business, i.e. less consumer, more commercial. And of the operating portion one half is efficiency related and the balance due to current operating conditions. As for crop insurance, much has been written about the impact of the derecho on crops. Despite the derecho, from all we can see, we are on track for an average crop insurance year. Finally, given the relatively improved visibility and stability in both the risk and business environment, as compared to the first three quarters of the year, and given our very strong capital position, we are lifting the moratorium on our share repurchase activities. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, cats and prior period development. Turning to growth and the rate environment, P&C premium revenue in the quarter grew about 6.5% globally in constant dollars, made up of 10.8% growth in commercial P&C and 3.3% decline in consumer lines, which included negative growth in global A&H and international personal lines, and positive growth in North America personal lines. In the quarter, we continued to experience a strong and continuously improving commercial P&C pricing environment, particularly in North America, the UK, the Continent of Europe and certain locations in Asia Pacific. And it continues to spread further. In North America, commercial P&C net premiums grew over 11% which is very strong, and by the way includes a reduction in growth of 5 points, due to reduced exposures from the decline in economic activity, including employment. New business was up 15% and renewal retention remained strong at 93.6% on a premium basis. In our North America Major Accounts & Specialty business, net premiums written grew over 12%, while our middle market and small commercial business grew about 5.5%. In our international general insurance operations, commercial P&C net premiums grew 13% in the quarter in constant dollars. Our international retail commercial grew 11% and our London wholesale business grew nearly 22%. New business was up over 6.5% overall internationally. Retail commercial P&C growth by region, with net premiums written, up 26% in Continental Europe; 11.5% in Asia-Pacific; and about 9% in UK and Ireland. Globally in those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate to exposure across our commercial portfolio, and I'll return to that. Overall rates increased in North America commercial P&C by over 15%. Major accounts risk management casualty rates were up 6.5%, general casualty was up 31%. Property rates were up 22% and financial lines rates were up 23%. In our E&S wholesale business, property rates were up 21%, casualty was up almost 32% and financial lines up about 25.5%. And in our middle market US business, rates for property were up 16%, casualty rates were up over 11% excluding comp, which was down 1.2% and financial lines rates were up over 17%. And in international general insurance operations rates were up 15% in international retail and 32% in London wholesale. Consumer lines growth globally in the quarter remains heavily impacted by the pandemic's effects on consumer-related activities, and our international personal lines business, predominantly auto, home and cellphone premiums shrank 1.7%, while our global A&H premiums, that's US and international together, were down about 12.5%. We expect both to return to growth sometime during '21. Our North America personal lines business grew about 3%, as we continue to experience flight to safety and quality in our high net-worth segment. New business in that line was up over 11% and retention remained very strong at 95%. Our Global Re business grew premiums 27% in constant dollar. The underwriting environment is improving in reinsurance and Global Re has become more of a growth area. Lastly, our Asia focused international life business had a decent quarter with net premiums written up about 9.5% in constant dollars. In sum, we are in a hard market or firming market for commercial P&C, depending on where you are in the world, what cohort of business, and it is spreading. Where we are growing, we are achieving rates that exceed loss costs, and therefore we are achieving margin improvement. More lines of business on a policy year basis are coming closer to achieving combined ratio levels that will produce adequate risk-adjusted returns. However, in most areas rates need to continue moving higher. I believe they will, based on everything we see, given the risk environment, interest rate levels and for how long business was inadequately priced by many companies. The current market is a reasonable response and the trend in my judgment is enduring. John Keogh, John Lupica, and Juan Luis Ortega can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. Closing, our company is in excellent shape. We have the people, the capabilities, the culture and the command and control structure to execute and continue capitalizing on this improved underwriting environment. Our fundamentals and balance sheet are strong, and we know our minds. Again where we can get paid adequately to assume the risk and volatility, we're leaning into it and growing exposure and rate. As we look forward, we expect to grow our EPS through both revenue growth and improved margins. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil. And then we'll come back and we'll take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our financial position remains exceptionally strong. Total capital grew to $73 billion and our AA-rated portfolio of cash and invested assets grew over $5 billion this quarter to $118 billion. Our strong underwriting results and investment performance produced a $3.5 billion of positive cash flow in the quarter. Among the capital-related actions we returned $353 million to shareholders in dividends and in September, we issued $1 billion of 10 year debt at an interest rate of 1.375%. The proceeds will be used to prefund $1 billion of debt due in November '22 with an interest rate of 2.875%. Adjusted net investment income from the quarter of $900 million pretax was higher than our estimated range and benefited from increased corporate bond call activities. In addition there was a $32 million of investment income previously included in other income from our private equity partnership funds where we own greater than 3% that we are now classifying as adjusted net investment income. We believe reclassifying this income as investment income is more appropriate. We adjusted the prior period results to align with this new presentation in the financial supplement. While there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, we now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $890 million to $900 million. This considers the reclassification of private equity income described above. In light of the reclassification, we now estimate other income and expense to range between $0 and a $5 million expense going forward. As a separate matter we continue to record the change in the fair value mark on our private equity funds, outside of core operating income as realized gains and losses, instead of, as investment income, as other companies do. In this quarter, the mark-to-market gain related to private equities was $428 million after tax. Book and tangible book value per share were up 3% and 4.7% respectively in the quarter, favorably impacted by net realized and unrealized gains of $1.1 billion after tax, principally in our fixed income investment portfolio from lower interest rates and mark-to-market gains on private equities. At September 30, our investment portfolio was in a net unrealized gain position of $4 billion after tax. Our net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $925 million pretax or $797 million after tax, primarily attributable to severe weather-related events globally and wildfires. There were no changes to the previously reported aggregate COVID-19 loss estimate from June 30. Additional information on catastrophe losses is detailed in our financial supplement. Our net loss reserves increased $1.5 billion in constant dollars in the quarter and our paid to incurred ratio was 73%. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $146 million pretax or $126 million after tax. This included $35 million of pretax adverse development related to legacy environmental exposures. The remaining favorable build development of $181 million comprises $312 million of favorable development from long tail lines, principally from accident years 2016 and prior, and adverse development of $131 million in short tail lines. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 16%. We continue to expect our annual core operating tax rate to be in the range of 15% to 17%. I'll turn the call back to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. Thanks. I guess, first question, if we can kind of talk about M&A appetite and your willingness to entertain additional kind of transformational M&A. I think one of your peers earlier this week kind of talked about looking to break up the company. Do you have any view of whether their - do you think there is kind of properties out there that could become available that you'd consider engaging in M&A?
Evan Greenberg: Well, very short answer, will be real quick. I'm not commenting on M&A, and Chubb's appetite and whether we're entertaining this or that, just stay tuned.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Moving on to, I guess the environments, I guess one of the main questions I get asked is whether we feel COVID is - the charges are more in the rearview mirror, or is there a chance that companies kind of have to change your loss picks, currently up. Clearly COVID, you're demonstrating great results this quarter and there's a lot of improvement in the margin, some of it due to a benefit from COVID most likely due to the less claims frequency, but I guess question is if the pandemic drags on through next year, is that something that could cause Chubb to change its COVID loss picks, just trying to think about how sturdy the charge you took last quarter is and how to think about it potentially changing? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: We took no adjustment to our COVID charge. We see our reserve as adequate, nothing that shows us any reason to be imagining any charge. Thank you very much for your questions.
Operator: And our next question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning. Thanks for all the information in the call on pricing. If I step back, in your second quarter conference call, went out market conditions you opined that perhaps over 50% of your business was in a hard market sort of environment. Would you characterize the change from the second to third quarter as being - more of your business being in hard market or is it the same lines just continuing to experience these conditions?
Evan Greenberg: No, Greg, I haven't calculated it precisely. But it has spread to more lines of business and more cohorts at risk. And when I think of cohorts, and that's why I use that term, it's line, it's customer cohorts within line. So if you think of large account versus upper middle market versus middle versus small, and then I do it by territory. And I think about it across geography. And when I look at it that way, it continues to spread. It's more in the middle market then it was. It's in more geographies. It's in more large account business, in more geographies and it's spreading to more lines of business, and within lines of business, it's been accelerating.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for that answer. My follow-up would be, just in your prepared comments you talked about the expense ratio, and I think for one portion you identified half was efficiency gains and half was operating conditions. I guess considering the effect of COVID and the economic slowdown on things like T&E, et cetera, as we look forward, and let's move past this year, we think about next year and the following years, how much of the expense improvements do you think that you realized are structural and will be with the company going forward. And how much are transitory or sort of one-time in nature?
Evan Greenberg: Greg, I gave you such transparency by breaking down, as I did for you in the commentary. It was a gift. And I gave you a sense of what, at least I can see right now were current condition-related versus what is structural-related and from there, I don't have a crystal ball to go forward. But I gave you [indiscernible] half there.
Gregory Peters: So the half, to sort of follow up on that -
Evan Greenberg: The half is run rate related, and the rest, it has to do with the environment. Well, I can't tell you precisely when does travel open up, when does businesses open up, when do you back at, not just traveling but meetings and other activities that have to do with people to people contact and all the rest of that. I can't tell you that.
Gregory Peters: Got it. All right, thanks, Evan.
Operator: Our next question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. Good morning. Evan. My first question, appreciate all the comments on price increases, very helpful. You pointed to North America rates up over 15% in the quarter. There also, could you point [ph] to other comments you pointed to rate exceeding trend on an earned basis by about one investment [ph] your overall book. As we think about earning in that 15% of rate within North America commercial, can you just give us a sense of how that within could translate into margin improvement over the next year? Maybe you don't want to get into specific numbers but just as we could think about the trajectory within North America commercial given that you're getting such great rate within that book of business.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look, Elyse, it's going to earn its way and it will continue to have an ameliorating and positive impact on margin. That is what I'm telling you. And I see margin improvement and loss ratio, all things being equal, and I gave you a sense on expense ratio. Beyond that, I'm not going to get to point estimates and I'm not going to - as you know, we don't give forward guidance. So I actually, right to the line to give you a better sense than I have of that. Remember the 15% breaks down by line of business, and some lines require more rigs than other lines do, and it depends on loss trend, it depends on where you're starting from, and I gave you a sense as well that on a policy year basis, it's not a matter of making underwriting profit. That's my minimum red line in a soft market. There are harder market and what we strive for over any cycle is to earn a proper risk-adjusted rate of return, which means a combined ratio that will generate just that. And we consider all the factors, trend and loss ratio, et cetera. And we're coming closer in different lines of business to pricing levels that will achieve that. It's not there yet and we will continue to - I imagine, and I see that we can - and I'm confident that we will continue to publish improved margins as we go forward. All things being equal, because I can't predict volatility in the risk environment, cats, et cetera. So I hope that helps you.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. That's helpful, Evan. My second question, you've been pretty bullish on the market, I would say over the past few quarters. I recognize every hardening market is different, but as you think about these rates by 15% in North America, commercial strongly on commercial internationally as well. Does this market feel like we're in the strongest market, has come - it's like the early 2000s? And obviously there's differences with interest rates et cetera, but you feel like today, we are getting the best rate and have the best forward momentum as you know with COVID being, 2000 as compared to today?
Evan Greenberg: I don't see it as like the early 2000s. I don't see it that way in terms of rate. Look, Elyse, look at the loss cost environment. We just look at the cat environment. You got to be able to pay for cat, and modeled and non-modeled, and in short tail lines, the industry is chasing a risk environment in that area. You look at casualty, when you look through COVID plus and minus. And I can expand on that comment of COVID plus and minus later. But when you look through you have a loss cost environment that is not benign, and you have an industry that in my judgment fell behind on pricing, quite a bit behind and the momentum is very good, but it's got ways to go. And then there are some areas, look at the size of workers' comp in the market, and workers' comp rates have continued to go down. And that's - we don't see that as a growth area to Chubb. Workers' comp continues to go down, and I wonder if the industry won't shoot the mark in that area. Right now, you have - we can come back to it. It's one of the areas that may have some frequency benefit from COVID et cetera, but that ultimately becomes a head fake [ph], and then you play catch up. So mixed bag. I don't see it as the early 2000s, but I see it as a very healthy trend, and we are in a hard market and it needs to sustain itself.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks, Evan. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning. Evan, more on the environment, I guess, kind of drilling down into - you've talked about areas where you see growth opportunities and you're going after those pretty aggressively, because the rate is good. Can you talk about - would you want to talk about areas, specific areas and maybe lines and whatever the way you want to talk about this, where you shy away from?
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not going to. I'm not - that's proprietary. That I'm not going to get into, and I don't think that benefits in investing thesis. So I'm not - I'm sorry Mike, I'm not going there.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess you've talked about in the past…
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to help others to benefit from Chubb's knowledge.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Fair enough, thanks. You've talked about in the past, maybe an update if you on overseas gen [indiscernible].
Evan Greenberg: Mike, I lost you. You just said overseas gen and then cut out on me.
Michael Phillips: Is this better, Evan?
Evan Greenberg: Keep going.
Michael Phillips: Okay, on Latin American overseas general and growth, so [indiscernible] there?
Evan Greenberg: Did you say Latin America?
Michael Phillips: I did so, yes.
Evan Greenberg: And you wanted an update on Latin America?
Michael Phillips: I did.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Latin America is only three months since I think I gave you the last update on it, and not much has changed. Latin America is the one region that I think is going to suffer the most and will continue to suffer. When you add the combination of economic conditions there, political and government-related policies and leadership, the general infrastructure and the management of healthcare and the capabilities of government healthcare, in the security situation in numerous countries in Latin America, it all mixes to where you can't be overly optimistic. It's not a region where I'm expecting to see growth. We are - we have negative growth right now and I expect that, that will turn around because we have a large consumer lines business, and that is beginning to - it's beginning to stabilize and quarter-on-quarter, it is starting to look a little better. And we'll then get to - is the year we get into 2021, it will have - it will stop being the drag and you'll have a year-on-year comparison, and it will improve. And some of the fundamentals in Latin America are stabilizing. But I don't see it as a real growth area now. And at the same time, I would say this, we make money in Latin America and our combined ratios are healthy. We have a good book of business. We have a good position. We've got a great team, and we're positioned to take advantage. We got a lot of opportunity, and we're signing up a lot of new distribution et cetera. And so over time, and at some point and that's why it's good to be a diversified global company as we are - at some point, Latin America will contribute in a better way to the organization.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, David.
David Motemaden: Hey, good morning, Evan. Just hoping to get a bit more of your commentary just around loss cost trends and you had kind of mentioned it in response to Elyse's question, just wondering any sort of update on what you're seeing in the third quarter as economic activity has picked up, courts have reopened, and how much conservatism you feel you're baking into your loss picks, given the environment, underneath some of the statements you made on the loss - on the margin improvement?
Evan Greenberg: Look, and you don't want to divide this. We use normalized trend to price, which is really data through the first quarter of '20. We looked through COVID, both the pluses and minuses, that in our judgment are temporarily distorting. And so we view COVID on one hand as a cat event, and it's a cat event that's producing some plus and minus. On the one hand you have the COVID benefit from a reduction in frequency. And that's showing up and it shows up early. On the other COVID losses are emerging so far from our global look at it, they are in the $30 billion range. And it's mostly short tail and we stick to our view of the ultimate industry COVID loss. Most companies to me appear to be recognizing COVID losses as they emerge and they're going to emerge over the next few years. You haven't really seen the COVID casualty end of it. I should - it may be in your parlance, long tail. Does the benefit from frequency we're seeing right now ultimately offset the ultimate development on COVID, I doubt it. But I don't know. So as things stand that means, again we price, looking through both the benefit of lower frequency and we look through the COVID loss itself, as we treat it as a CAT and we did our darnedest to recognize it, to ultimate. And there is nothing we see so far that changes our view of that at all. So that's fundamentally how we look at it. In my judgment, that's how any good underwriter should be thinking about this. So then that says you imagine that the world ultimately reverts to the normal trend lines we had been seeing in casualty, professional lines, property, et cetera, et cetera. And that's what we used to price, and to imagine the appropriate returns on the business. And may be that gives you a better organized way, of thinking about this.
David Motemaden: No, that's very helpful. I appreciate the color there, Evan. And so it sounds like there is really - there is nothing right now that would make you trade - that would make you change your ultimate trend, and whether that's - so you felt comfortable that it may even be conservatism potentially baked in depending on how some of these short-term benefits come through.
Evan Greenberg: Your first part I agree with. Your second part, you have said twice to me, and you noticed I'm steady in not answering that.
David Motemaden: Thought I'd give it a shot. But I appreciate that. If I could just ask one.
Evan Greenberg: It was a good shot.
David Motemaden: Just one more. This is just a quick one. I know you've said in the past, the E&S book is around 10% of the total company's premium base. But that was after a time where you cut that by roughly half over 10 years. Just from your prepared remarks, it sounds like we are in rate adequacy and more and more of those lines. So my question is, how big do you think E&S can become as a percentage of the entire company as we look forward over the next few years?
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, E&S is growing. Rate adequacy, I return you to my comments about policy year, be careful with the statement, just because you're getting a lot of rate, you got to know where the classes started from. We shrunk - I'm going to give you an example. We shrunk primary casualty in the US. E&S just dramatically. That business in my judgment in the US, probably running a 150 anyway. So how much rate do you think that area needs to get to produce a reasonable risk-adjusted, let alone umbrella or access. So you know what you need depends on where you're starting and so imagine that now E&S is one of the growth engines right now for Chubb, between Westchester, Bermuda and London, exactly as I told you before. It's a growth engine. And how big can it become as a percentage of the company, well the rest of the company is not standing still, except temporarily the consumer lines businesses going backwards a little bit. So I'd return you - I probably - which I can't. I'm not going to do, return you to that old joke about how - what it would be. It will grow as a percentage of the company. Thank you.
David Motemaden: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Got two for you Evan. The first one, you mentioned you're lifting the moratorium on share buyback. Yet you still got obviously some pretty significant growth opportunities here given that you're in this hard market and you're starting to see your growth accelerate here. How do you think about balancing the capital management with the growth here? Is it just simply because you just stock's too cheap, you're like - it's a much better return to buy back stock today rather than allocate it to some new business or how you're thinking about that?
Evan Greenberg: Oh my god. No, Brian, you're way over thinking this. We have plenty of capital flexibility. There is not a prayer, I'm going to starve any business of growth because of capital, no, no. The businesses are left to grow as rapidly as underwriting conditions and our risk appetite warrant and our ability to get out of our own way and get after it allows. And so, no. And at the same time, I can guarantee you with this share price I'm a buyer.
Brian Meredith: Got you, got you. So it was really the share price that prompted your, kind of let's just lift the moratorium here?
Evan Greenberg: Listen this is a - no, it's not just the share price. It's - that's actually my last consideration. That's my consideration in terms of do we buy or not buy once we've looked at a moratorium. The moratorium lifting is based on simply good balance sheet and capital management and stewardship of the business. And that is based on our visibility in both understanding the environment we're in, the risk environment, the economic environment, et cetera, the stability of the organization versus that, as we see it and our overall balance sheet position. And all that says to us, okay. It's prudent to lift that moratorium.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then my second question, Evan, you talked about some lines getting closer to kind of an acceptable risk adjusted return. I'm just curious given the current interest rate environment and I know you've talked about ROEs and kind of where you would like them to get to.
Evan Greenberg: It's in there.
Brian Meredith: Where do you think - pardon me?
Evan Greenberg: We use earned interest rate environment.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And what do you think the appropriate kind of a return on equity is right now for your business, right. And do you think, given this for a market hard market we're in, can you get there?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I'm certainly driving to get there, and this isn't calculus where you approach it, and never reach it. I expect to achieve it. And there is both clear-eyed management position I can give you. And I think that's in the industries best interest to achieve stability in the face of a more hostile loss environment and the uncertainty in environment, this industry needs to achieve the proper risk-adjusted return and that varies by area of business and by company on the degree [ph], but I'll tell you what, our objective of achieving in that 15% range has not changed. That's where we are [ph].
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks, good morning. So overseas general, really good underwriting quarter. I guess what I'm trying to understand is how exposed is that to the dynamic between rate and loss trend? I think historically, this has been more of a stable margin business, is a lot of A&H, some personal lines. So, I mean to what extent do you think that segment should benefit in some of the same way as North America commercial is full margin improvement standpoint moving forward?
Evan Greenberg: Well, the market is not - the firming market is not about A&H, and it's not about personal lines. Those are very idiosyncratic, and they go to their own rhythm and personal lines in particular is a country by country, line by line. But the commercial lines business in international has many of the same trends that North America does and it varies by country. I guarantee in the short-tail lines, it's got the same trends and faces the same kinds of exposures, that I'm sure you have noticed. By the way just remember Australia wildfires, floods, wind, hail storms, just take them across the various geographies and international. And then in the long tail areas, well, I'd refer you to professional lines, into different countries casualty, marine in certain markets, it has its own - it has its own rhythm to it, and patterns, themes are the same as North America, varies by -
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And then, I guess just on the expense ratio. It always feels like in these hard markets, if you guys hard [ph], kind of was doing a 30% expense ratio and the kind of keep doing - there's not usually a lot of operating leverage, if you will, but we have seen your expense ratio improve over the past couple of quarters. And I'm wondering if - is there a dynamic there of expense ratio improvement as well, that's tied to the combination of top line growing at a more elevated pace, than you kind of used to stay.
Evan Greenberg: I didn't get the last part of that question. I understood what you said expense ratio blah - not blah, blah, blah, but I got expenses. I didn't get the punch line Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, so the punch line is we usually think about these hard markets in loss ratio improvement kind of improvement story, but we're seeing expense ratio improve, we're not seeing your expenses grow at the level your premiums. Is that the type of things you think they can continue in this type of market, like should we also be thinking that as you're getting the rate adequacy? And as you're growing faster you should also see some ongoing positive torque in terms of expense ratio improvement?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think I gave it to you already when I gave you the operating expense ratio and told you how much was kind of COVID and health-related environmental, and excluding that about half of the improvement in the OpEx was our own structural. And so that gives you - that I think that answers your question. But I don't give forward guidance. And on the other hand, what I also tried to give you, which I don't have a crystal ball on it, and that is in the acquisition ratio we benefit from mix because of consumer lines coming down, and God bless, that's one that I hope turns itself around and we have the pleasure of seeing our acquisition ratio to a degree, go back up because of the A&H business and some of the personal lines business, right.
Ryan Tunis: Yes. And then one other thing I just - and this was past, how much you can to help me with it, but it seems like a year ago, everyone was worried about reserves, the seasoning of accident year, just across the industry. And your long tail reserve releases of $312 million were higher than I think $280 million last year. I think that this is like '16 in prior, before it was '15 in prior. So it feels like whatever information content we're getting this year and some of those Green or older accident years has been positive. Is there a different - do you see a different dynamic as we get into kind of '17, '18, '19 stuff where we actually did start to see a little bit more of a pickup, or and I'm just trying to interpret the - because that does seem like a high quality result? I'm just trying to interpret what you're learning, not just about the recent COVID stuff, but also in terms of stuff from a casualty standpoint that are - that you were quite long [ph].
Evan Greenberg: Ryan, I know what you are asking.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: I know what you're asking me. You know I've been saying for some time that the more recent accident years in casualty, when we look at trends, and others have spoken about it, so called social inflation, which I think it's too narrow a way of thinking of things. But in any event, you see - you saw rates continue to go down. And then loss costs, particularly in the frequency, and to a degree are dependent on the area of severity, the trends worsening. We saw - we've been aware that - and we have reserved and priced for it. I'm not sure the industry has reserved adequately for '17, '18 and '19. And we'll see over time but I think that's also part of the impetus that continues hard market, resolved to recognized and get paid for the exposure and for some, maybe to address holes they'll have in some of those more recent accident years. We'll see.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is around premiums. So I think premium growth this quarter actually came in stronger than the cautious tone that was set last quarter. It sounds to me like the tone has also changed and become a little more constructive here. What's changed if I may ask?
Evan Greenberg: What did you just say, I'm sorry, you're - I'm not sure what you asked me?
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I think last quarter, the tone I heard about, on second half of the year premium growth was cautious and results this quarter were actually quite strong on the premium growth side. Sounds to me like the tone has also become more constructive going forward. So I'm just trying to understand what has changed from where you were seeing the environment a quarter ago to where we are today?
Evan Greenberg: I see. We don't exist in a vacuum. We live in a world right now, look around you. By the way, are you talking to me from an office or your home?
Yaron Kinar: I'm at home.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. You're home because we're in a health crisis, and we got an economy with fits and starts, and we've got it globally. The visibility is not great. We have economic activity in terms of businesses, are they opened or closed. We have a hard market and we have exposures, are they reduced, are they the same or they're increasing. Trying to guess all of it in a general environment, don't - I'm saying it to you this way first, because don't narrow your sight to simply the insurance market or you miss the real picture, that it's in context of a world that is unprecedented in our lifetimes. And so if I'm going to give - if I'm going to be responsible in any of my comments in that regard, of course I'm going to be reasonably sober in what I say. We're benefiting from all of the insurance market-related dynamics we've been talking about. And on the other hand, we have the vagaries of the world I just mentioned and that's what you add together, and we're doing our best to drive through that. There will be some in our business, particularly by the nature of it large account, middle market, small consumer and the regions of the world, we operate in, there'll be some variability in growth rate quarter-on-quarter between the quarters, but overall all things considered, I'm very confident in Chubb's ability to outperform.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my second question probably a broader question still, so if I look at the P&C market, the tone from the supply side, including from Chubb is that there is more need for momentum, for rate momentum to continue with the low interest rate environment, with loss trend uncertainty. Do you think that the demand side of the market can and will support this considering that the underlying ratios are actually improving a bit? You're getting some favorable frequency, you're getting rate in excess of trend, COVID losses seem to be manageable to date and prior year development doesn't seem to be a particular drag at this point.
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, first of all, I'm not sure in that comment, you just listened to what I had to say, I'm sorry about what's the COVID benefit versus COVID losses and how to think about that. And what I was very clear about - so that's head fake and you want to go back and think about that with all due respect. But I think you see through that and you look at the trends, and you look what the industry requires to achieve a reasonable risk-adjusted and will clients decide that - well the arbitrage - will large clients decide, well, the arbitrage I got for me because you were selling to me cheap. And I can't take advantage of that anymore. So I think I will increase my retentions and take more myself. Will that occur? Sure it'll occur. And it always occurs and it's natural and it should happen. And that's not a problem to me. Is the industry overcharging and therefore there'll be a natural response against that? Absolutely not. And by the way the last point that I think that I'm going to make to you that I think you left out, when you talked about industry loss costs, you talked about loss ratio. Well, let's also talk about the reinsurance market. And the reinsurance market, I have some sense of their exposures, and I have some sense of what they are running, and we have yet to see the real response, from the reinsurance industry, which increases the cost to the insurance industry, which means that rates continue to move because costs go up. And do I think for the industry this is great behavior? No, I hate the cycles this way. It's because the clients took advantage of very cheap pricing that kept going down year-by-year. The industry kept providing it to them, the brokers kept broking, and no one came with clean hands in it. And it gets to a point then where pressure builds and it goes the other way and it does it in a way that I don't think it's the most responsible way of doing this. But that's where we are. Thank you for the questions.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Karen Beyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and welcome to our June 30, 2020, second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements including statements relating to company performance and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic and other effects, pricing and business mix, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers today. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. COVID-19 is an event of historic proportions, impacting societies and economies globally. This hit businesses and individuals hard and the impact will be with us for some time. Chubb has and is performing well, while naturally shouldering our burden of responsibility, supporting our insured's businesses and consumers. COVID-19 is a slow rolling global catastrophe impacting virtually all countries, unlike other natural catastrophes it has no geographic or time limits and the event continues as we speak. Together the health and consequent economic crisis will likely produce the largest loss in insurance history, particularly considering its worldwide scope and how both sides of the balance sheet are ultimately impacted. We pre-announced a few weeks ago an after tax COVID related loss estimate of $1.2 billion, which essentially cost us a quarter of earnings. This loss is an estimate of our ultimate loss from the pandemic and economic crisis based on everything we know and can project. The estimate does not include for the most part, the credit for potentially lower current accident year losses from a decrease in exposures, except for a very modest amount. Looking beyond this quarter's catastrophe losses and the shadow it casts is an important story to tell about our company. Our underlying health and vitality are excellent. And we are capitalizing on current industry commercial P&C conditions. Our published P&C combined ratio was 112.3% with total after tax cash charge of $1.5 billion, including $353 million of natural catastrophe and civil unrest related losses. Separately, we took an after tax charge of $205 million in unfavorable prior period development for child molestation related claims emerging predominantly from reviver statutes that came into effect last year. If anybody's moving papers stop it. On a current accident year basis, excluding cats, the combined ratio was 87.4%, 0.5% improvement over prior year with current accident year underwriting income of over 18% in constant dollars. The loss ratio was essentially flat with prior year, while the expense ratio was down 1.5 points. We benefited from expense saves due to the shutdown as well as our ongoing efficiency efforts, while we continued to invest in important areas to improve our competitive profile. In the quarter, book value benefited from actions taken by the Fed to support the economy during this exigent time, which positively impacted asset values, but will pressure future investment income. Per share book value grew about 5%, while tangible was up over 7%, both are now essentially flat for the year. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, cats and prior period development. Broadly speaking, two themes impacted the growth in the quarter. On the one hand shrinking exposures from the decline in economic activity weighed negatively on growth. And on the other hand, favorable commercial P&C underwriting conditions contributed to growth. In the quarter, P&C net premiums grew 1.4% in constant dollars. Growth was impacted due to a onetime charge we took to estimate the ultimate impact on premiums that we will incur from exposure adjustments on in-force policies due to a reduction in economic activity. Excluding the charge which is a better way of viewing our underlying quarterly growth, we grew 3.9%. This is made up of 9.1% positive growth globally in commercial P&C and 6.3% negative growth in consumer lines, which includes A&H travel and personal lines. In the quarter, we continued to experience favorable underwriting conditions in commercial P&C, which varied by geography and product lines. The commercial P&C pricing environment is particularly strong in North America, the UK, the continent of Europe and certain locations in Asia Pacific. And it continues to spread further in North America, which includes the U.S., Canada and Bermuda. Commercial P&C net premiums grew 10% adjusting for the one-time premium charge I just mentioned. And on the back of strong new business growth and premium retention, with our major accounts and specialty business growing over 12% and our middle market and small commercial business growing 6.5%. In our international general insurance operations, commercial P&C net premiums grew over 5.5% in the quarter in constant dollars. Chubb Global Markets, our London wholesale business grew over 20%, while our commercial P&C business in continental Europe grew nearly 16%. In those markets where we grew, we continued to achieve improved rate through exposure across most core commercial product lines. Overall rates increased the North America commercial P&C by 14%. And major accounts and specialty rates per property were up 21%. Casualty rates were up over 25.5%. And financial lines rates were up over 18.5%. In our middle market business rates per property were up 18%, casualty rates were up over 12%, excluding workers comp. Comp rates were down 1% and financial lines rates were up 14.5% in the middle market. In our international general insurance operations, rates were up 16% in our international retail business and 20% in our London wholesale. Consumer lines growth globally in the quarter was severely impacted, given the pandemics effects on consumer related activities. Our North America personal lines business was an exception, as we experienced flight to safety and quality in our high net worth segment. Net premiums written in the quarter were up 2% on an adjusted basis and retention's remained very strong at almost 97%. In our international personal lines business predominantly, auto home and cell phone premium shrink 12.5, while our global A&H premiums, U.S. and international together were down 13.5%. Our Asia-focused international life insurance business however had a good quarter with net written premiums up 30% in constant dollar. In sum to provide you a better perspective, though we typically provide limited guidance we expect Chubb will have on a published basis, positive premium revenue growth for the full year. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Luis Ortega can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. As a company, we continue to operate around the globe as a normal company during extremely abnormal times. Depending on where you are in the world with exceptions, the substantial portion of our international staff is back in the office on any given day. This includes most of Asia Pacific, where about 50% are back in the office and in some countries 100%. Europe with the exception of Spain and Italy, 25% are back. And while the UK remained closed, we expect about 20% to 25% to return in August. We have been ready to begin our return to the office in the U.S., but took a pause, given the increase in infection rates in many parts of the country. Among developed countries in the world, the U.S. stands out in its inability to manage the health crisis on a national basis. And this is damaging our economic recovery and our image globally. We're conditioned to have stabilized in the U.S. like the Northeast. We've begun to bring employees back to the office for meetings, to collaborate, learn and plan. We are ready to return on a broader basis when conditions warrant. The health and wellbeing of our staff is a paramount concern. Insurance is an essential service. We never stopped or even paused in providing coverage, paying claims for providing risk engineering and other services to our customers and clients. We are very active on a daily basis with our clients and distribution partners globally and we have done so with service levels that are virtually the same as we provide normally. I'm going to say a few words about the business interruption issue that I know is on the minds of many. As you know, the insurance industry is under attack by the trial bar over business interruption claims. They represent many businesses which purchased BI coverage that does not provide cover for pandemic and these customers are understandably disappointed and upset. Pointless attorneys are attempting to torture or reverse engineer insurance contract language to conjure business interruption coverage that for the most part simply doesn't exist. Coverage for pandemic was never contemplated in standard business interruption policies and therefore no premiums were ever charged for that risk. In fact, state insurance regulators who approved the policies have been clear that this risk is not covered. And that the industry could not cover the massive open-ended tail risk of a global pandemic, because it threatens the industry solvency. Without the Federal government playing a major role to cover the tail risk, pandemics are simply under uninsurable on a broad basis. Standard BI policies, which are an addendum to a fire policy required direct physical loss or damage to the property. For example, a fire or flood damages the property and prevents the business from operating while repairs are being made. COVID-19 does not cause physical loss or damage to a property despite the trial bar's efforts to influence some government officials in the wording of their civil public shutdown orders. But it doesn't cover pandemic, standard BI coverage provides good value for the money. We estimate the industry pays out about $0.70 in insurance claims for every business interruption production dollar collected with most of the remaining amount paid in commissions, premium taxes and other expenses. For Chubb, in addition to our normal losses this year, we will pay BI claims for policies that specifically covered certain pandemic related shutdowns, such as those for the entertainment industry. We care deeply about properly supporting and servicing all of our policy holders, and I have particular sympathy for the millions of businesses that have suffered terribly during the pandemic forced economic shutdowns, but it would be wrong in fact catastrophic and irresponsible to pay the claims of those who didn't have coverage. And in fact, didn't pay premiums with the coverage by using funds that have been properly reserved for the legitimate claims of the vast majority of our BMC policy holders, who number over 100 million globally. To provide some context in 2019, Chubb paid $24 billion on approximately 4 million property and casualty claims, again to pay billions of dollars and not the covered claims by rating the reserves or capital needed to pay claims on other kinds of policies, such as auto and home, commercial insurance exposures, respond to natural catastrophes such as hurricanes and wildfires would be irresponsible to the vast majority of our policy holders and to our shareholders. On the business interruption challenges of the current COVID-19 crisis, the insurance industry has an important role to play in society and in the economy. And that includes fully participating in the development of a prospective future pandemic business interruption solution to crises arise. Earlier this month, Chubb released its pandemic business interruption program designed to mitigate the economic disruption and losses in the event of a future pandemic. Our framework is not the first plan to be introduced, but the public-private partnership framework we develop has important differences from the other leading proposals. By sharing our ideas and approach we hope to spark and influence a productive debate on a solution that will work for businesses of all sizes: tax payers, our industry, and the economy more broadly. First and foremost, I believe the industry can and should take pandemic risks along with the government. This is apparel that can be covered to a greater degree than we do today, as long as the tail exposure covered by the government. It is our job to figure out how to do that. We can do more than simply play an administrative role where we belittle ourselves and we're less relevant and we can or should be. The framework we announced has attributes that we believe will make for a successful program. It accounts for the different needs of small, medium and to a modest degree large businesses. Premium for small business will be affordable and they will be paid quickly. Large companies would pay a fair and risk adjusted price to both the government insurers, for pandemic cover and a program built on free market principles. The government gets paid for the use of its balance sheet, not a handout to larger companies. Our framework has incentives for broad participation by the industry and by committing insurance industry capital and providing opportunity for increased risk sharing over time as direct and secondary markets develop the pandemic burdens shouldered by the government will ultimately be lessened to a degree. This is an important issue for our nation. We look forward to contributing to the dialogue as policymaker’s work to refine the most effective solution. Before I turn the things over to Phil, I want to say a few words about an issue that concerns all of us, and that's the persistent challenges arising from bigotry, racism and racial injustice in society, particularly for black people. The events that unfolded across our nation these past few months has focused our attention on what we should do as citizens and as a company. We characterize Chubb’s culture is an inclusive meritocracy. We earnestly strive to achieve an environment where all colleagues feel comfortable to perform to their full potential and are recognized for their contributions. It's a never ending work in progress, and we can do more. We developed recently shared with our employees an action plan to which we will hold ourselves accountable. The plan has a few simple objectives. We do want to enhance our individual and collective understanding of racism in society and strive within Chubb to be anti-racist in our behavior as individuals and as an organization. We want to actively support each other. It starts with more frank dialogue between our employees of color, particularly black colleagues and our white college to create better understanding and awareness about the realities of racism. We will hold leaders more accountable for curating and leading an environment of inclusion and we'll eliminate policies and practices that potentially create bias and inhibit our ability to create greater racial mix of our workforce at all levels of the company. This is an enduring process, not a momentary event in time. We believe we have a responsibility to do our part with candor, open minds and a commitment to change. In closing, our company is very strong. Our balance sheet is in excellent shape, in fact, outstanding shape, and we are operating well around the globe during very difficult times. Our underlying strengths are enduring. We are capitalizing on favorable market conditions as we simultaneously navigate the extreme headwinds and uncertainty created by COVID-19. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then I'm going to come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our financial position at quarter end is exceptionally strong. COVID-19 is an earnings event for Chubb, while our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our balance sheet features a $112 billion, AA rated cash and investment portfolio with a duration of four years and consistently conservative approach to loss reserving and total capital of $70 billion. We are a balance sheet business operating in extremely uncertain times, and we have maintained a conservative level of capital. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and our liquidity on a global basis continues to be excellent. In the quarter, we returned $353 million to shareholders in dividends. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter of $857 million pretax was below our guidance range, mainly due to foreign exchange, lower rates on our floating rate obligations and an acceleration of prepayments in the mortgage loan portfolio. We remained consistent and conservative in our investment strategy and do not expect to materially adjust the portfolios asset allocation. We intend to maintain a high-quality bias and conservative duration. Fed easing actions have inflated asset values causing a disconnect with underlying credit conditions, so that many classes of debt appear mispriced. We will continue to focus on risk adjusted returns and not reach for yield. Well, there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income. We now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $850 million to $860 million. Turning to book value. Our share book and tangible book value were up 4.9% and 7.2% respectively in the quarter. Our core operating loss and dividend payment were more than offset by net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter of $3.1 billion after tax, including $2.7 billion in our investment portfolio, $410 million from favorable foreign currency movements, and $110 million mark-to-market gain in our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. The gain in the investment portfolio is due mainly to the narrowing of credit spreads in our corporate bond portfolio and the decline in interest rates. At June 30th, our investment portfolio was in a net unrealized gain position of $3.4 billion after tax. Our net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $1.8 billion pretax or $1.5 billion after tax as previously announced and are further detailed in our financial supplement. Our net loss reserves increased $2.7 billion in constant dollars, including the significant catastrophe losses and adverse prior period development. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 59% reflecting the catastrophe losses. We had unfavorable prior period development in the quarter of $75 million pretax or $52 million after tax. This included a charge for U.S. child molestation claims of $259 million pretax or $205 million after tax as previously announced. The vast majority of these losses were reviver statute-related. Excluding this charge we had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $184 million pretax split approximately 79% in long-tail lines principally from accident years 2016 and prior and 21% in short-tail lines. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter of 15.3% was impacted by the high level of catastrophe losses. Through six months, our core operating effective tax rate was 16.5% slightly higher than our expected 14% to 16% range. We now expect our annual core operating tax rate to be in the range of 15% to 17%. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Karen
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Evan, thanks for all those comments especially on the BI stuff, and appreciate that. I guess, can you talk about the impact that COVID and shelter in place is having on your acquisition expense ratio? And then longer term, maybe you've made some good strides in your expense ratio in general, even prior to COVID. So kind of how we should think about a good run rate going forward from there?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Let's see, the acquisition ratio benefits fundamentally from a mix of business change. You had consumer lines that, that as I said had a negative growth to them and they run a higher acquisition cost than commercial P&C does, and we're growing underneath, as you could see commercial P&C at a rapid clip, and it has a lower acquisition ratio. The OpEx ratio did benefit reasonably well in the quarter from COVID related shutdown, and I expect that we'll continue to receive benefit from that as we go forward in future quarters. And so overall I think the expense ratio will continue to benefit in future quarters. How much and to what degree, I'm not going to prognosticate or give guidance on.
Michael Phillips: Okay. No, thanks. That's helpful. I guess, second question on COVID and frequency benefits on commercial lines. Can you talk about what specific lines maybe benefit the most from frequency benefits? And then with some of the reopenings we've seen recently, has there been any change in trends, certainly on the frequency that you've noticed an uptick on because of the reopenings?
Evan Greenberg: Commercial lines, fundamentally most classes of business in traditional property and casualty benefit to a degree and it varies by line of business from the COVID shutdown on one. On the other hand, we took a massive charge to recognize the COVID related claims that will arise, but excluding that the frequency when you take those away, the frequency and severity and most traditional lines will benefit because, and are benefiting at least to this point in time because commercial activities are down. And that would be both in the short tail lines, as well as in the long tail lines, but it varies by class. Obviously in professional lines to a lesser degree than say in general casualty or an excess casualty. And as you know, our policy has always been. We recognize bad news early and we're very slow to recognize good news. And so any of the benefit we might be seeing short-term right now for the most part from the reduction in economic activity, in the shelter in place and the lack of social activity around the world. We're very slow to recognize that and will be because we're in very uncertain times and we don't know what the future is going to bring. Secondly, what I would add is that overall through commercial P&C for the most part; we are achieving rates that are in excess of loss cost trends. And again, we're in uncertain times and we're conservative in our approach.
Michael Phillips: Thanks, Evan. I appreciate it.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. My first question, Evan, follows up on your response to the last question. You guys are getting a lot of price, 14% within your North America commercial book picked-up pretty nicely from where you guys were last quarter. Can you just give us a sense of where last trend is within that business, and just as we think – and I recognize you give us some guidance on the premium side and you don't like to give forward guidance, but as we think about price up in the teens and depending upon where your loss trend is just trying to get a sense of the potential for margin improvement within that North America commercial book?
Evan Greenberg: No, I understand. And Elyse, I'm not going to give you much satisfaction in that question. We don't give forward guidance on that as you know, and I'm going to rest on the statement that in most commercial lines areas, we are not all, but most we are achieving rate in excess of the loss cost trend which is reasonable to achieve a proper risk adjusted return in those classes, and it is needed. As far as where the exact frequency and severity of loss is and trend is over the last number of months. It's very difficult to tell because, and we measure it typically quarterly, but at this point we measure it monthly and because of the economic shutdown, you really can't see what the actual is though it's lower. We do though price on anticipation or reversion to the mean as the economy opens back up and activity returns to normal. And I'm – I think I'm going to leave it at Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Then I had a couple of other numbers question unrelated to North America commercial. The last couple of Q2, you guys had LPTs on the book that had due typically to higher loss ratios. Was there any LPTs on the book this second quarter?
Evan Greenberg: There were, and as you know, we write LPTs virtually, most quarters it's just the amount of it varies by quarter. And this quarter we did have LPTs as we do in most quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And it was within a reasonable range of what we wrote last year in the second quarter. Last year was a pretty big quarter for LPT. This year we wrote a number of transactions as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then within North America commercial your retention went up to 84.5, it had been trending in the high-70s. Does – was there anything specific to the second quarter or just as we think about maybe kind of a change in retention in terms of that book on a go-forward basis?
Evan Greenberg: No, it's more of a – the difference this quarter, I would attribute more to a change of mix of business then – and what we wrote then, then I would to a major shift in the retention net to gross.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you, Evan. I appreciate the color.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey guys. Good morning. I guess, following-up on that last one in North America commercial, there's clearly some cross currents there, so the structured transactions, some COVID frequency benefits but there's about 0.7 points of year-over-year, underlying loss ratio improvement. Evan, is that a fair representation of what you think the relationship is right now between rate and loss trend? Maybe around 0.7 points in North America commercial? Or is it higher than that you think moving forward?
Evan Greenberg: As I said, Ryan, I'm not going to prognosticate future. We just don't provide guidance that way. I made a couple of comments that I think they're probably important to you. Number one, that we are achieving rate next in aggregate and excess of loss cost trend. Secondly, we are – we haven't noticed a major change in trends, but on the other hand you're masked by all of the COVID related impact. Number three, we have COVID-related benefit from the economic shutdown. Given the period of great uncertainty we're in, we are very slow and fundamentally haven't recognized good news while we took what we think is a reserve to ultimate for COVID-related losses. And so in this period of time, I think you're – and it is our policy. We were conservative in our balance sheet management. And in periods of great uncertainty puts a point on what is our normal policy directly and if there's favorable news, to recognize it in a prudent way late.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And I guess my follow-up is, can you just talk a little bit about the COVID charge that you took? It's obviously conservative. If you ever have to add to it, what do you think the reason would be? Would it be another outbreak later in the year? Like give us a sense of why – the degree of conservatism around that loss selection?
Evan Greenberg: Its, we didn’t know it in a in a conservative way. We pitched it right up the middle. We've modeled what we think and we took from what we know of – at others, economists will project from various organizations. We projected what we think the economic patterns are going to look like. We projected what we think the – from the best we know at the time what the health situation is and will be and how the two work together. And therefore, based on all the information we know today, we modeled both top-down and bottom-up, particularly short-tail losses, longer tail. You have to model more top-down and based on what we know of prior events and history and how things work. And so we used all that based on our – on the picture of economic and health as we can see it going forward from this pandemic event to project a loss to ultimate. Did we get it precisely right? God knows. And is there risk around it? Of course, there is because you tell me, what's the next six or nine months precisely going to look like? No one knows. There's great uncertainty. But we did our best within uncertain times to try to reflect the ultimate loss on our balance sheet, our liabilities. Hello?
Operator: And next we will hear from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning and hope you're all well. I was wondering if you can talk about how the business interruption claim issue has evolved, not necessarily just in the U.S. but outside the U.S. It looks like to me at least that the courts are trending in the industry's favor so far in the U.S., but I don't have a great sense of how that's happening outside the U.S. and how that might differ from the U.S.?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Paul, it's very early days. The U.K., for example, as you know, and you're following, I'm sure, is in a process that is very interesting where the regulator has stepped in. And to avoid, like we have in the U.S., just a free for all of lawsuits and a waste of expense and time and money, they've kind of stepped in and interacting to represent the policyholders, all of their arguments in one place before a panel of judges with the industry presenting its arguments. And that one's going to unfold, and it's a very rational process. And by the way, if you haven't followed it, I would tell you, it really is worth doing. It's admirable how they're going about it. And that will unfold over a period of time and come to a conclusion from what I – if I recollect properly, by around year-end. In other countries such as Australia, et cetera, it's bubbling. And you have a number of court cases that are just proceeding to test the veracity of the wordings that are – and better against regulation that is quite different than in the United States and then where the most activity is. And that will be on the longest, most prolonged period of time to resolve is in the United States.
Paul Newsome: And then my second question, we've seen a lot of rate increases in the reinsurance business. Has the...
Evan Greenberg: Sorry. Can you repeat that?
Paul Newsome: I said, we've seen a lot of rate increases in the reinsurance business. I was wondering if the changing market environment had changed your view on the fairly narrow approach you take in the reinsurance business overall.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. In the main, we're pretty steady about it. We buy reinsurance fundamentally to be able to provide limits of liability beyond what we're – what we want to expose our balance sheet to. We buy it for protection of volatility where it makes sense. We measure all reinsurance. So we do it for fundamental business purposes. And we buy reinsurance in a manner where we measure the risk/reward and the proper risk-adjusted pricing. That's what we're willing to pay for protection. And so those fundamental principles lead to a pretty steady approach. At the same time, obviously, when rates are not adequate to earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return, we shrink exposure as a company. When rates are adequate for – to earn a proper risk-adjusted return and may increase to a point where they justify greater volatility, we will increase our net exposures. And we do that alongside how we purchase reinsurance.
Paul Newsome: I am sorry. I was thinking more about the actual reinsurance business that you have and whether you might be interested in.
Evan Greenberg: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes, I got it. Yes, we are more active and – in our reinsurance business. It is a greater growth area for Chubb now. We have like our E&S business, particularly in London, where we have been disciplined and shrunk for a number of years because we weren't getting paid to take risk. We are getting paid more adequately to take risk in a number of classes, and that is growing by the quarter. And therefore, we're leaning into that. And our reinsurance business, from what we can tell today, will continue to expand as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Hi, good morning. Just FYI, Evan, there is a little bit of feedback that we're hearing throughout the call. So I'm not sure what's going on there, but it's – we're hearing it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I'm hearing it, too. And I hate it.
Greg Peters: Yes. We do, too. So it's mutual.
Evan Greenberg: Can you still hear the answers? Can you still hear well enough, though, to get the information?
Greg Peters: Yes, yes, yes. It's coming through. It's just there's a little feedback somewhere in the system. So in your prepared remarks, you offered to have some of the other executives provide some commentary around conditions, pricing, et cetera, in the respective segments of the business. And I was wondering if you could follow through with that offer.
Evan Greenberg: Love to. Thank you for asking. I'm going to start with John Lupica on major and specialty, and then I'm going to have Paul Krump do middle.
John Lupica: Sure. Thank you, Evan, and thank you, Greg. Let me give you a little more color on what we're seeing in major and specialty. I'll start really with rate and premium retention. And on our major portfolio, we're looking at over 16 points of pure rate increase. In Westchester, our E&S business, we're looking at 18 points of rate increase. And in Bermuda, our high excess business, as you know, we're looking at 48 points of rate increase. And when I break that down into just some segments on the retail side, our primary casualty risk management business is getting some of its best rate in the history of that organization at 8 points of rate and the adjusted premium retention ratio of 97.5% and I take into account one large front to trade. In our excess casualty book, we are getting 48 points of rate and achieving 111 points of premium retention. And as Evan noted, in our property business, we're getting 21 points of rate with 109 points of pure premium retention. And in our financial lines, again, another note in the retail business that Evan had noted, 18 points of rate and 103 points of premium retention. And we're seeing the same in our E&S lines of business. Our property business is getting 18 points of rate with 103 points of premium retention. Casualty book is getting 31 points of rate with 87 points of premium retention. And our financial lines is getting 17 points of rate. So as you can see, pretty healthy rate environment and premium retention inside of the retail and E&S marketplace.
Evan Greenberg: Paul Krump?
Paul Krump: Hi, Greg. Good morning. I’ll start out with amount of prop. Evan had mentioned getting over 18 points of rate there. Our retention in that line of business is 95%, so just excellent. As respect to package, we're getting 6 points of rate and 97% retention. In our excess umbrella, we're getting over 20 points of pure rate increase and 94% retention. Auto has got 11 points of rate on it in the last quarter, 99% retention in our professional lines, as Evan mentioned, is at 14.5% and there, we're getting 98 points of retention. As respect to terms and conditions, briefly I tell you that obviously, a lot of these rate increases were tightening terms and conditions, I'd say in particular, we're pleased with where deductibles are going and how much they've increased. We've also been able to trim down some of the sub-limits for the cat perils of flood and quake as well on excess umbrella, we've been working on attachment points and that's been going extremely well also.
Evan Greenberg: Here you go, Greg, more than you ever asked for.
Greg Peters: Well, it's never enough. So if you take the – all of those businesses that were just summarized with rather robust rates, what percentage of the total premium are we talking about, just to put this in perspective because not all of your business is getting these type of rate increases.
Evan Greenberg: When I add in the international areas that are achieving the – that are in a similar hard market condition, it's over 50% of our premiums globally. I mean all the business, not just commercial P&C inside of our total business.
Greg Peters: Okay. Thank you. And then obviously, it begs the question when we're hearing about the substantial rate increases. What's the commercial customer response to this because this is far exceeding inflation trends with the rest of their business and a lot of your commercial customers are experiencing pressures because of COVID and the economic slowdown or whatever you want to call it? I have to believe you're getting a lot of customer pushback, or maybe you could give us some perspective around that.
Evan Greenberg: We're not. We're actually – there is a lot of goodwill between us and customers. Look, why is this occurring? Because loss cost trends, even when they're benign, have far exceeded premium rates charged for a prolonged period of time. Rates have gone in one direction, while loss costs have continued to rise. And so industry results overall are severely elevated and many lines of business just were so inadequate in pricing, and it varied by company. If you were trying to gain market share at that time, well, you're – it's coming home to roost. And it will continue to come home to roost for a period of time. If you are more disciplined and shrunk exposure at that time, then it had less impact on you. But rates are now moving in a direction where over time, they'll achieve adequacy, and there are lines where adequacy is achieved. And there are lines where, given loss cost trends and then you have on top of that, things like social inflation that have exacerbated trends means that rates need to continue to move higher. Well, the other dynamic about all of that is that companies are pulling back and capacity is less available. Chubb is stepping up. We're offering capacity. We're consistent to our customers. We're there. We're not in and out. We've been consistently speaking to our customers that, "You know what, this is not going to last. The good times of rates going down or premiums going down is irrational and it's not going to last, and that we will remain consistent. It's the market that will wane and wax." Well, they understand and see that. And by the way, as we can get more adequately paid and as capacity is shrunk, we've actually stepped up with bigger lines and bigger solutions and more creative solutions to customers. And so we're consistent in that service in – during the shutdown period. There is no company that has been more available to dialogue and to be on the front line with customers and respond on a moment's notice globally than has Chubb. So I would actually say our reputation and our image and all of this in the goodwill with customers has been building. And yes, I understand the notion that insurance pricing is going up when all of this is going on with COVID. But that trend, which is very rational, was occurring before COVID ever began. And to deploy the capital, you've got to get paid adequately. And capital, risk capital is precious.
Greg Peters: Thank you for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our final question from David Motemaden with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick numbers question on the current action in your loss ratio ex-cat in North America commercial. Just in the past, you've talked about the impact that some of these large structured transactions have had on the loss ratio. I think in 2018, 2019, in those second quarters, it was around 100 basis points of an elevation in the loss ratio. Just wondering how I should think about that impact this quarter within North America commercial?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It had an impact on it. I can't give you an exact basis point number. It's one of those so we could probably take off-line with you. But it had on – it hadn't – we wrote LPTs fairly consistent in the neighborhood of what we wrote in aggregate last year. So we – and they have an elevated impact on it. That's all.
Phil Bancroft: Year-on-year, Evan, the impact was 70 basis points.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you, Phil.
David Motemaden: Great. Thanks Evan and Phil, that’s helpful. And then just a question. So the recent GOP stimulus, that includes some liability shields for businesses and health care providers. Just wondering how you're thinking about this. How important this is for you and the industry? And outside of this going through, just wondering what sort of underwriting actions you're taking to mitigate the future liability claims that you may be getting.
Evan Greenberg: I think that this kind of liability safe harbor that the Republicans are proposing as part of the bill is so important to our nation. We have – we right now confront such economic headwinds between – toggling between – trying to manage the health crisis and open up an economy. And the burden on business, all businesses throughout the United States today is extreme. To add on to them, the additional expense and burden of liability exposure when for those who are practicing the right protocols in protecting their employees and customers and then trying to open up the economy, to ascribe to them the burden of liability and cause them to be more cautious. We foist on them an additional economic expense and which ultimately benefits, frankly, one industry, and that is the legal profession, the trial bar, I think would be a travesty and a shame. And I think that is the wisdom to try to remove some of that and create certainty for business in an environment of tremendous uncertainty. And not only do we applaud it, we support it actively as a company and not for the benefit of the insurance industry, to the benefit of all of our society right now. We need to open up this economy. We need to control this health crisis better than we are and, my God, not believe that living at home and working from home is the normal – the new normal for America. That don't make any sense to me. With that, thank you very much.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And welcome to our March 31, 2020 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to Company performance and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic and other effects, pricing and business mix and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we’ll take your questions. Also, with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We’re in an unprecedented moment of historic proportions. None of us living today has experienced an event of this nature or magnitude. It is at once surreal and catastrophic. As a country, we will manage through and heal both our society and economy, and it will take time. The decisive heroic actions taken by our health professionals in combination with the support and leadership of our federal and state governments, and our vast private sector and civil society are powerful force to combat the virus, stabilize our financial markets, support our economy, which remains in a virtual coma, and set the stage for recovery. The most important thing we can do now to achieve stability and health while reopening the economy is to improve our tests, digital trace and isolate capability. The insurance industry plays an important role in our economic foundation. During this health and economic crisis, we are shouldering our responsibilities and carrying our share of the financial load. This event impacts both the liability and asset side of our industry balance sheet. With that, I’m going to divide my remarks into two parts: First, our quarterly results, which were very good; then, I’ll provide some perspective on the current environment and how we are operating. To begin, as you saw from the numbers, we reported core operating income in the first quarter of $2.68 per share. The quarter was marked by very strong premium revenue growth globally and excellent underwriting results on both the published in current accident year basis. The calendar year P&C combined ratio for the quarter was 89.1% versus 89.2% prior year with P&C underwriting income up over 9.5% in constant dollar. On a current accident year basis, excluding cat, the combined ratio was 87.5%, a full point improvement over prior year with current accident year underwriting income up over 18%. The major difference between calendar year and current accident year underwriting income growth was a reduced benefit from the runoff of the ‘19 crop insurance year. You’ll recall, ‘19 was a difficult year for agriculture, while ‘18 was an excellent one. Book and tangible book value per share decline 5.5% and 7.5% respectively for the quarter, and Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, cats and prior period development. Turning to growth and the rate environment. P&C net premiums grew 8.9% on a published or 9.3% in constant dollars. The commercial P&C pricing environment continued to firm across the globe. We secured greater market share as we achieved improved rate to exposure and more lines of business, and this unnecessary firming continued into April. Overall rates increased in North America commercial which includes both, major accounts and specialty, as well as middle market and small commercial by 10.5%. New business was up 27.5% in the quarter and renewal retention was 95% on a premium basis. Our North America commercial P&C business had a strong quarter with net premiums growth of over 10%. In major accounts and specialty commercial, excluding ag, premiums grew about 9.5% with major account retail growth of 7% and E&S wholesale growth of over 19%. In terms of rate increases, rates per major accounts were up 13%, and in Westchester and Bermuda, they were up 16% and 42%, respectively. Turning to our U.S. middle market and small commercial division. Premiums grew 11% overall with middle market up 9% and small commercial up over 40%. Renewal retention in our middle market business was 94.5%. Middle market pricing was up over 6.5% and excluding workers’ comp, it was up over 7%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written in the quarter were up 4.8% and retention remained very strong at 98% on a premium basis. In our international general insurance operations, growth remains strong with net premiums written up 10% in constant dollar and FX then had a negative impact of about 1.3 points. Net premiums for London wholesale business grew over 27%, while retail division was up over 8.5%. Growth in our international retail business was led by Latin America, which was up 13%, continental Europe and UK had growth of 9.7% and 9.1% respectively. And overall rates in our international retail business were up 8% and 18% in our London wholesale. Our international life insurance business had a strong quarter with net written premiums up nearly 30% in constant dollar. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Luis Ortega can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. But that’s ancient history and from another time. What’s important is to recognize the underlying strength and momentum of our Company, as we entered this moment. Turning to the current environment. The COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic crisis will of course impact Chubb. Our growth momentum, particularly in our commercial P&C business globally continued into April and we continue to experience improved rates to exposure. As we go forward, offsetting that will be a meaningful impact to growth from the health and economic crisis as exposures in important areas shrink for a time with the impact varying by country. This includes consumer-related lines. For example, travel insurance, A&H discretionary purchases, automobile insurance, commercial lines where exposures are reduced while businesses are closed or as they reopen and are diminished or simply go out of business. Small commercial businesses in aggregate will be more impacted than medium, which will be more impacted than large companies, but it will vary substantially by industry. For credit-related products such as trade, credit, surety, and other lines such as workers’ comp, premium revenue will be impacted by reduced exposures. As you know, we do not give forward guidance and in this case, the degree of revenue impact is simply unknowable. On the other hand, as I said, we are and will continue to benefit in terms of growth from improved technical conditions as many insurance companies take actions to reduce exposures or improve their rate to exposure to correct for inadequate underwriting. This will be an earnings event for Chubb. It will not threaten our balance sheet. Operating earnings will be impacted predominantly on the liability side of the balance sheet from increased insurance claims, though the asset side will likely be impacted as well from increased asset impairments. In addition, as I just mentioned, earnings will be impacted by a reduction in premium revenues for a period of time. In sum, from what we know now, this will be a manageable cat-like event. However, from an exposure, we really don’t discreetly price for. So, its impact is additive to our normal projected loss exposure. In a sense, it’s like what terrorism exposure was before 9/11. We have a very strong balance sheet. Our capital and liquidity position are robust and Chubb will continue to operate at a high level and emerge strong or stronger. Again, insurance has an important role to play in society and in the economy, and we’re shouldering our share of responsibility while doing our job to support our employees, our customers, and our business partners. We have been quite clear about our priorities and it shows in our response. First, to the extent possible, we have taken care of our 33,000 people around the world and endeavored to keep them safe through aggressive work from home protocols. We’ve provided them a degree of peace of mind knowing their jobs and benefits are secure during the health crisis with a no layoff pledge. Second, we have remained consistent in how we take care of our customers and distribution partners doing what we can to support their needs. In fact, we are operating around the globe as a normal company during abnormal times. I am so proud and absolutely grateful for how my colleagues are performing every day as a group. From the smallest to the largest unit, from the biggest to the smallest country, how each is focused on delivering on our mission from internal operations to underwriting, sales, claims, marketing and finance, it’s really quite remarkable. We’re extending payment terms to commercial customers, recognizing their cash flow pressures. We’re providing a premium credit for auto policyholders in the U.S., recognizing their reduced exposures. We’re supporting our U.S., small business clients with premium reductions for their reduced exposures, and we’re supporting our small commercial clients by providing health care workers, and first responders the gift cards redeemable at our customers’ businesses. Lastly, as a corporate citizen, we’re contributing to the immediate emergency response today while supporting the future tomorrow. Our commitment of $10 million to pandemic relief efforts globally is being directed to a range of organizations that provide essential resources immediately in areas that facing the most acute need. This includes providing emergency medical equipment and supplies to healthcare facilities and helping community food banks support those who are hungry and vulnerable, including so many who’ve become unemployed as a result of the pandemic. This is only the first chapter. As we move into the recovery phase, the Chubb Foundation will commit substantial additional funds. In sum, our Company is very strong. Our balance sheet is in good shape. We are operating well. While I see pressure on revenue and earnings in the short term, I see much opportunity for us in the future. Given all of our capabilities, I am confident Chubb will weather these difficult times and emerge stronger from this challenge. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil and then we’ll be back to take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. I want to begin with a few words on our financial position, which remains exceptionally strong. Our balance sheet includes a AA rated investment portfolio with a relatively short duration and conservative approach to our loss reserves. We have over $67 billion in total capital, which as we enter this period, is very strong, stemming from superior operating performance. Our access to liquidity on a global basis is excellent and unimpaired. Our operating cash flow remains quite strong and was $1.7 billion for the quarter. Net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter of $3.7 billion pretax included $2.2 billion from the investment portfolio, which resulted primarily from widening credit spreads in the investment grade and high yield bond portfolio through March 31st. Even after considering the valuation adjustments noted, our portfolio remains in an overall unrealized gain position through the quarter-end. Since that time, credit markets have recovered and liquidity has improved as a result of the extraordinary actions taken by the Fed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The portfolio mark has improved by approximately $1.7 billion pretax through this Monday. We also had a mark-to-market loss on a variable annuity reinsurance portfolio of $560 million. This was primarily due to negative equity returns and an increase in implied volatility. Again, this is purely a mark-to-market adjustment required because the transactions are deemed to be derivatives for accounting purposes and it does not indicate a reduction in cash flows from our reinsurance treaties for the quarter. The results are in line with our expectations, given these market conditions. Finally, realized-unrealized losses included $896 million after-tax losses from FX, related to our net asset exposure to foreign currency. These represent a point in time mark to market valuation adjustment and do not affect the capital position of our international operating units. As we noted in the press release, the marks are market price-driven based on the last day of the quarter and a moment in time. We believe they are largely transient and will accrete back to book value over time. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $893 million pretax and was within our guidance range. During March, we engaged on the margin in several tactical adjustments to the portfolio. We purchased a modest amount of high quality equities and modestly increased our exposure to investment grade corporate bonds. While there are number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, we expect our quarterly run-rate to remain in the range of $885 million to $895 million. Net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $237 million pretax or $199 million after-tax, including $224 million from global weather-related events and $13 million so far from COVID-19, which has been classified as an ongoing catastrophe. While there was no significant impact on core operating income in the first quarter related to COVID-19, the Company anticipates that this global catastrophe event will have an impact on revenue as well as net and core operating income in the second quarter and potentially future quarters as a result of an increase in insurance claims, due to both the pandemic and recessionary economic conditions. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves increased $363 million in the quarter and include the impact of catastrophe loss payments, favorable prior period development and crop insurance payments in the quarter. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 95%. After adjusting for the items noted above, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 88%. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $118 million pre-tax or $94 million after-tax. The favorable development is split approximately 28% in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2016 and prior, and 72% in short-tail lines. Last year’s favorable development of $204 million included $61 million of positive development from our agriculture segment resulting from stronger than expected results from the 2018 crop year. As we said at year-end, based on the difficult 2019 crop year, this level of development would not recur in the first quarter of 2020. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $666 million to shareholders, including $340 million in dividends and $326 million in share repurchases at an average price of $143.67 per share. Given the current economic environment and to preserve capital for both risk and opportunity, the Company has suspended further share repurchases indefinitely. Our annualized core operating ROE in the quarter was 9.4% and our core operating return on tangible equity was 15.1%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.3%. We continue to expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 16%. I’ll turn the call back to Evan -- I mean Karen. Sorry, excuse me. Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And with that we’ll take our first question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thanks, Evan for your comments. I guess, the first question is going to be on the future impact on the wealth side from COVID in the coming quarters. And obviously without giving numbers, but maybe just where you feel Chubb is most exposed to that from I guess a geographic and coverage perspective?
Evan Greenberg: I’m not going to give any specifics in that. There’ll be -- it’ll come from a variety of areas, as we imagine right now. And there’ll be a -- the reason we didn’t put up numbers in the first quarter is because we’re going to do it in a thoughtful way, based on claims that come in, that are analyzed and reported, and then, we’re able to have a framework to project the IBNR with that in a thoughtful way as well. But, claims will come from travel insurance and A&H. We’ll have business interruption losses where we purposely provided coverage as opposed to where we -- the vast majority where we did not provide coverage. We’ll have it through credit-related that is surety and trade credit and maybe political risk, who knows. Workers’ comp will produce losses, I’m sure. And so, it kind of gives you a sense. And it’ll be -- I think it’ll be pretty broad based because it’s created exposures for clients, for the industries and the economies broadly. And geography, well, over half our business is in the United States. So, I expect all things being equal, since our greatest exposure is in the U.S. by territory, the greatest amount of loss will come out of the U.S. And I hope that helps you.
Michael Phillips: Yes, it does. It does. Thank you very much. I know, Evan, you’ve been very actively involved in task force and things that are happening here in the U.S. And I guess, clearly all the pressure from states on BI and states on workers’ comp and big restaurants that are in bed with [indiscernible] and things like that, all these different pressures in the U.S. And I’m not really looking for one expectation, but just your thoughts on how this all kind of shakes out, given all the different scenarios on how the pressure on insurance kind of unfolds and what to expect maybe as this thing kind of shakes out?
Evan Greenberg: The insurance industry is an important part of the financial plumbing of our economy in the U.S. And frankly, it’s part of the financial plumbing, it’s critical globally. The insurance industry I think is performing quite well and I think will perform very well in meeting their obligations and our obligations. When it comes to business interruption, there is activity that I put into two categories. One is on the political side where there’s talk about retroactively imposing cover on insurers for something that they didn’t cover and didn’t charge a premium. That is retroactively changing contract and increasing our exposure. I think that that’s unnecessary harm and would do great damage. It would damage or destroy the insurance industry in a terrible way. It would simply take money from one to give to another. Who does that serve? And frankly, it’s unconstitutional. And we are a constitutional democracy and preservation of that and the certainty of that in such uncertain times is paramount. So, I’d start with that. Secondly, the insurance industry, for the most part, except for those customers who discreetly purchased it, BI insurance doesn’t cover COVID-19. It covers and requires direct physical loss to a property. And the regulators who’ve approved these forms, because we’re highly regulated, confirm that themselves that it’s not contemplated. Now, lawyers and the trial bar will attempt to torture the language on standard industry forms and try to prove something exists that actually doesn’t exist and try to twist the intent when the intent is very clear and the industry will fight this tooth and nail. We will pay what we owe. And finally, what I’d say is business interruption insurance, actually we should remember, is very good value for money because what it does cover, we pay out as an industry roughly from what we can estimate about $0.70 on the dollar and every business -- for every business interruption, dollar of premium we collect in claims. And that’s pretty good value for money. So, thank you for the question.
Operator: And we will take our next question form Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning, Evan. My first question I guess picks up on the BI conversation a little bit. So, internationally, does this policy language typically follow the standard language within the U.S.? I guess, you did mention that you could see some business interruption losses from COVID. But, should we think conceptually that the same excludes -- virus exclusions would imply internationally as well as you attributed to within the U.S.?
Even Greenberg: Yes. Elyse, two comments. First, internationally, it follows the same pattern generally, which is, it requires direct physical loss to property as a trigger for BI. Number one. And then, number two, the exceptions to that for Chubb are where we purposely extended cover for different clients and different industries and purposely took on the exposure. And in those cases, it’s clearly defined.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then, my second question, you guys suspended your buybacks indefinitely. And the language in the prepared remarks as well as your press release kind of attributed to seem like economic uncertainty as well as just having capital flexibility. We’ve obviously seen suppressed prices throughout the insurance space coming off of this COVID uncertainty. So, can you just kind of provide us little updates in terms of suspending the buybacks and how you think about just having more capital as well as the potential for some M&A here, given that valuations are much more attractive right now?
Even Greenberg: Elyse, when you look at the historic -- and let’s just look at this from a big picture perspective. We are in the worst economic event that we have faced as a nation and globally since The Great Depression. The economy is shut down. The opening of the economy is going to take time and it’s not going to happen in a smooth way, and no one knows for sure the shape or size or duration, no one knows with any certainty. And frankly, to be buying back stock at that time, to me is so clearly unwise. And the fiduciary responsibility is to our customers, our shareholders, our employees. And I think capital, strength of balance sheet, capital and liquidity are king in this environment. And those are attributes and strengths you can have enough of and very fundamental, very basic. And when there is visibility and there is certainty and we all have a better sense, then we will reassess.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks for the color.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call. So, first question, I was wondering if you could talk about how you might see a really fundamental change in the perception of risk. I think, it’s hard and soft, it’s happening because of underwriting, seeing risk change…
Evan Greenberg: I can’t really hear what you’re saying. Can you speak up, Paul and say clearly? Because we’re on a funny line right now. Yes.
Paul Newsome: My apologies. Hopefully that’s better. I was hoping you could talk about where you see the perception of risk changing in the insurance industry, given the current environment. Where do we see underwriters likely changing how they do underwriting and rethinking risk concentrations and such?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, we’re asking a question right now that is asking about what do you think of the results of the wildfire when we’re in the middle of the fire. This event is unfolding. And I would urge you to think that way. It’s not like it has occurred and now we’re looking back. We’re in the middle of it. And so, some of the implications, it’s too early to tell, don’t know. But, the one thing I will say, perception of risk, as always occurs when a new parallel rears its head from the more academic to the actual, it has a powerful impact, and impacts perception of risk. And in this case, the last time we had that was really terrorism. And now, in this case, we will go through in a similar exercise in some ways, underwriters will. It will vary by company, whether they actually had considered pandemic in their ERM modeling, which we do, or had not and really examine concentrations and how it impacts both sides of the balance sheet. And then, by the way how, we modeled and what the actual looks like, are always different. There is always basis risk. And reality is, it is always different than the laboratory. And this is no different. But, this is a peril that the industry really didn’t discreetly charge for. It’s a peril that has no bounds in terms of geography nor time. So, it’s a very different kind of cat, and that has in a practical sense, infinite tail. So, it will impact. By the way, no doubt in my mind, better underwriters had better control over the exposures. And underwriters who were maybe not as good will have many surprises that will emerge. And time will tell and we’ll see that as this event unfolds. I hope that helps.
Paul Newsome: That’s great. My second question, we’ve been focused very much on the business interruption issues, the political risks in the U.S. Could you speak to how that may differ outside the U.S.? I think just some of the basics. I think, sometimes you just don’t know how extensively it was included overseas and how the political situation may differ?
Evan Greenberg: Overseas, we’re not in any one country. Chubb is not a large middle market or small commercial writer. It’s a business we’re growing. And in most every jurisdiction, no different than the United States, small commercial and middle market customers have standard industry forms providing coverage in their country. They require direct physical loss. Most countries that I know of adhered that where there’s significant concentration of exposure to the industry, adhere to the rule of law and their forms are pretty darn clear. Large commercial customers, business interruption insurance is typically on a more manuscript basis. And so, each customer’s forms speak to a large degree for themselves. And in each jurisdiction, they’ll be adjudicated based on the wordings as they were drafted.
Paul Newsome: Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: And frankly, Paul, to-date, I feel more stability outside the United States on the regulatory and legal front than I do in the United States. The irony.
Paul Newsome: Absolutely.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: First question, do you feel the COVID losses will impact your reinsurance covering, you’ll get some help from your reinsurance partners?
Evan Greenberg: That’s specific to each reinsurance cover or it’s very fact-specific we’ll say.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. My next question, if I look at the North America commercial segments,, and I heard your commentary about exposure on pricing being a 10% I think plus. And I’m looking at gross written premiums and the segment growing up a lesser, 6%. Is exposure shrinking in the North America commercial segment, trying to understand the dynamics there?
Evan Greenberg: North America commercial grew like 9%.
Mike Zaremski: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: So, I don’t know what you’re saying…
Mike Zaremski: So, still less than…
Evan Greenberg: Mid and small group, you can see double-digit; large account grew a little slower. And last year, we wrote a one-off transaction related to or two one-off transactions related to wildfire last year that didn’t repeat this year.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. So, maybe some noise in there.
Evan Greenberg: But underlying that is -- it’s like really strong growth.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I’ll just speak one quick one. And given you announced the no layoff policy for your valued employees and there will be top line pressure, should we expect a material spike in the expense ratio in 2Q?
Evan Greenberg: No.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: That’s as far as I’ll go on forward guidance because I don’t give forward guidance, but no.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: So, on the call and in your press release, you reported $13 million of catastrophe losses related to COVID-19. Then, you made the statement saying this will be tracked as a separate ongoing catastrophic event. So, it is clear that there’s going to be losses and revenue. And I’m -- revenue hit and losses related to this. Is the tracking that you’re going to provide going to give us color on both? And then, maybe you can dovetail that into the accounting geography of your announced premium reduction programs in the interim U.S. small business to personal lines, et cetera.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I’m not going to give you much satisfaction on that question. But the -- nice try. The loss part will be tracked -- you're doing your job. The loss part will be tracked as part of cat. And that’s what we report as cat. The revenue reduction from exposures, et cetera, those will just come out in our published numbers. And we’ll give you as much color as we can around it as we understand it or know it. We don’t see it yet. But, we know it’s coming. You can’t have an -- I mean, it’s common sense. You can’t have an economy shutdown and exposures aren’t shrinking and premium is a function of rate to exposure. So, just pretty basic there. And that’ll just be on a published basis. But what we call as cat and assign to cat number is to corral the losses and distinguish them from this for the cat event from what we would think is the underlying sort of run rate at the time.
Greg Peters: Got it. I had to try…
Evan Greenberg: I gave you a framework. And I think that that’ll help you.
Greg Peters: I understand and I do appreciate it. So, I guess, my second question, the investment market has been clearly thrown into chaos. And so, I was curious, if you could comment, one -- and I know you guys did provide some color on the opening comments, but just some additional color around how your approach to investing is going to change? And then, maybe also dovetail in on the life insurance business, because a lot of that business is spread-based business. And with interest rates at near zero, I got to imagine that the outlook for those types of business is under a great deal of duress.
Evan Greenberg: Remember, I’ll just answer the life insurance part quickly for you. Our life business is not in the United States, it’s in Asia. It’s savings and protection related and very strongly protection related. And the interest rate environment is quite different. It’s -- and the minimum guarantees you provide are extremely low. And you can see we publish it to you, our earnings on the international life business are pretty good, grew nicely. On the investment portfolio, I’m going to ask Tim Boroughs, our Chief Investment Officer to give you a little more color. But fundamentally, the changes we are making in investment activity are tactical and not strategic and the fundamentals remain in place. Tim, you’re on?
Tim Boroughs: Yes, thanks. Maybe put a little context around this. As you watch the Fed, their response to the markets has been, I think very impressive. It’s been large and historic and it included the purchase of corporate bonds, both in the investment and the high yield sectors. So, I guess, one way, you might think about our portfolio is that the Fed is buying or supporting the financing over 80% of what we own. So, I think in that regard, we are in good shape. As Phil mentioned in his commentary, we have made a few tactical adjustments to our portfolio. I think this is advantage of the dislocations that occurred in March with liquidity, and that included corporate bonds and equities. And as Evan mentioned, overall, I think that there’s -- there remains too much uncertainty on how the virus will progress and how quickly the economy recover to make any significant moves off our current allocation.
Operator: And next, we will here from Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields: We’re hearing a lot of I think very legitimate opposition to changing definition of business interruption exposure. And it seems like a lot less concern over expanding presumptions of kind of feasibility within workers’ compensation. Is that a fair read? And should we expect that difference in attitude to persist?
Evan Greenberg: Say that again Meyer, the second part. Will you repeat the question for me?
Meyer Shields: Okay. There is a lot of I think completely appropriate opposition to retroactively changing the exposure on business interruption policies. But, I’m not hearing that much pushback from insurance companies about the fact that workers’ compensation, presumptions are changing a lot of states. And I understanding the sort of emotional component of that, but from an economic standpoint, how are you thinking about that change in exposure?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Meyer, a very right line decision that should not confuse anyone, business interruption insurance, not the regulatory, the political activity around it where there are those who are suggesting to retroactively change contract and add coverage that was never contemplated, nor charged for, is very different than the workers’ comp where I think you’re referring to healthcare workers and first responders where there is the notion of presumption that you got the virus on the job. That is not a change of contract. That is something perfectly within the purview, depending on the state of the regulators and the legislatures. And so, that’s within legal bounds to do that and so, very, very different. And I wouldn’t confuse the two. And by the way, it varies by jurisdiction. Some jurisdictions right now have all along said that that a medical worker, for instance who contracts an illness, it is presumed to have occurred on the job, whereas in other -- and for any other profession, it’s construed to be a general illness. You could have gotten anywhere. And so, it’s not job-related. So, workers’ comp is very different in that regard.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you. That really helps illustrate the difference.
Operator: And next, we’ll hear from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. Evan, so, just curious, understand the implications for exposures here going forward. Do you think any impact on pricing going forward, be it -- will companies lax up a little bit on pricing, given the economic strain or is it going to go the other way given potential increase in exposure?
Evan Greenberg: I think that the industry has woken up to rate to exposure in the last year in particular, last year and a half and understands generally the need to get paid for properly for the exposures take on. I don’t see that trend changing. And I think this event is very likely -- more than very likely, I think this event will be the largest event in insurance history when you add it all up, both asset side and liability side of the balance sheet. And I think that just raises the specter of risk and the notion of managing exposure. And I think, it will just put a point on getting the right rate to exposure. I think that absolutely continues.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then, second question, just on the business interruption. Is it possible to give us a percentage or number of your policies that actually carry a virus endorsement and maybe some perspective on what a typical kind of sublimit on that is? I know it’s typically pretty heavily sublimited.
Evan Greenberg: No. Brian, I’m not going into that level of detail. But, what’s very clear, the vast, vast majority of our policies require direct physical loss. And then, the sublimits vary by whether it’s in a major account or it’s in middle market or it’s a small commercial client. It really varies. And on both -- what we offered and what they bought, because we offer different options.
Operator: And next, we will here from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Evan, just hoping to get your outlook on D&O and other management liability lines amid COVID, and likely lawsuits alleging, misleading disclosures and other things related to the COVID. I mean, how big of an issue do you think this is for the industry and then for Chubb in particular?
Evan Greenberg: Who knows? So, I’m not going to overly speculate about that? And that’s just -- but out of every event, and every event creates trial bar, ambulance chasing, drive-by shooting where they get most of the money and the supposed aggrieved get very little. I have no doubt that there will be COVID-related D&O suits related to price drop and disclosure, et cetera. And frankly, it is frivolous. It is an unnecessary tax on business and society at this point. It is a waste of time in terms of both resource and time and money and Congress ought to grant immunity to business in some form against that kind of activity that is so counterproductive, enriches one industry at the expense of an economy that is trying to emerge. All stocks dropped broadly. The COVID-19 was no one’s fault. And foreseeability of it, no one is -- no one has that kind of vision. And so, there’s still the notion of buyer beware for basic thing. And in my mind, that’s something that we ought to deal with. And I’m glad you asked that question.
David Motemaden: And then, just also, you guys are obviously I think top five in the workers’ comp market. Just wondering, if you could give us a sense for the percentage of your book that is healthcare and other frontline responders, what sort of exposure you have there?
Evan Greenberg: It’s -- I won’t give you specifics. And only to say though, healthcare is not a meaningful part of our book of business.
Operator: The next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Just couple of questions. Heard a lot about cyber risk being greater in this environment with a lot of workers working from home…
Evan Greenberg: I can’t hear you. Can you speak more clearly? I’m sorry. 
Yaron Kinar: Can you hear me better now?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, now I can.
Yaron Kinar: So, my first question is around cyber. I know you guys have a large cyber practice. There has been speculation or talk about an increased cyber risk considering that a lot of employees working from home. Do you see that as a large issue? And if so, how can the industry address that?
Evan Greenberg: No, to-date, we’re not seeing a meaningful change in patterns.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then, the second question is a more philosophical question. But, I think you’ve seen several insurers as renewals come up, maybe articulate some of the exclusions around pandemic and around COVID-19 specifically and policies. Do you think that that actually could create an opening for the plaintiff’s bar to go after a prior language that was maybe less explicit in the exclusions?
Evan Greenberg: I can’t speak to what people’s manuscript forms look like and therefore whether they’re correcting weaknesses with that. I can’t speak to that. But generally, no, I think COVID-19 or pandemic-related exclusions are just belt and suspenders on policies -- on the basic policies that require direct physical loss.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. If I could sneak one other quick one and I think in response to Brian’s question, if we look at the vast majority of your business interruption policies have physical damage trigger requirements. Can you say anything about what -- how many of your policies have viral exclusions?
Evan Greenberg: No. It really -- no, it’s -- I’ll leave it at that. No. There is -- it’s -- where it’s appropriate, it does.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: I guess, I’ll try one more time on this business interruption. But I mean I guess one question I have is, should we -- is the real question in terms of the business interruption exposure, how many or is it how long business lockdown happen? What’s kind of more relevant in terms of sizing that loss?
Evan Greenberg: Say that again?
Ryan Tunis: Is the question more about the number of policies? Is that sort of what the questioning has been so far that what percentage might actively cover the virus? My question is, how dependent would that loss ultimately be on how long the lockdown is in place, or in other words, how are the caps and limits on that?
Evan Greenberg: There are caps and limits in all policies. And duration of shutdown, it’s just axiomatic in business interruption that length of shutdown can impact and does impact severity of loss pretty basic in any BI cover.
Ryan Tunis: And then, my other question, just taking a step back. I know you mentioned in the journal this morning that you think ultimately the industry will pay out tens of billions of dollars of claims. Is there any reason in your mind that you should think that Chubb’s market share of those claims should be more or less than what its global market share is currently as the global leader in P&C?
Evan Greenberg: I think, Chubb from everything I know, we’re pretty good underwriter. We’re pretty buttoned up disciplined shop. We have good controls within the organization. And I have no reason to believe that Chubb would produce something outsized. Look, this is a significant event for the industry and it’s going to be a significant event for Chubb as well. It’s an earnings event, not a balance sheet event, as I said. And I do think it will be the largest loss, single loss in industry history when you add up both sides of the balance sheet when look at the capital impact to the industry.
Operator: And our final question will come from Larry Greenberg with Janney. Go ahead.
Larry Greenberg: Thank you very much. I just want to be certain that I understand the accounting and the intent of how you’re going to recognize losses in the second quarter. So, should we assume that you will put up a catastrophe loss for what you expect will be your ultimate exposure from COVID, recognizing that so much is changing and there’s a lot of unknowns down the road, but is that your plan?
Evan Greenberg: We will let the facts speak to us. We will put up our loss based on the facts as we know them at the time, when we come to close the books on the second quarter. And I’m not going to speculate ahead right now. And we will then provide our perspective and color around that to help define it and give you a sense. But, I’m not going to speculate on where we’ll be by the end of the second quarter, to give you definitive color on the question you asked.
Larry Greenberg: Okay. And then…
Evan Greenberg: It’ll depend on what we know. Get used to being in a world with a lot of unknowns and a lot of uncertainty right now. And you’re requesting certainty when there’s a great deal of uncertainty. And a lot of that is for worksheet projection related, and I would caution against trying to over speculate on any of them.
Larry Greenberg: Yes. I’m really not asking for any level of certainty. Really just is the intent to put a number for what you -- given your level of information at that given point of time for what you can best estimate as your ultimate exposure.
Evan Greenberg: Exactly right. We will put up and we always do our best estimate of ultimate loss to an event. We always do that. And no different here, we’re consistent that way. So, you can expect that of us.
Larry Greenberg: Thank you. And then, just your -- curious on your thoughts on legislative proposals. That might be productive, probably just prospectively. But, is there any conceivable model where government involvement could be helpful on a retrospective basis?
Evan Greenberg: There is a -- I absolutely see a public private partnership prospectively. I don’t see the sense of one on some retrospective. So, there is -- and I’m going to give you both, very quickly. The retrospective one would say, well, why don’t you pay the BI losses and the government will backstop you 100%? Well, right now, the government’s current program to provide loans that then become grants, if you retain your employees, is a very efficient way versus now we create some BI way. And by the way, BI insurance to adjust the claim requires that you prove it’s an ascertain net loss. You have to prove what your expenses were and what -- and your loss of revenue and all of that. And that’s -- and the adjudication of that is messy and takes time, very -- it’s time consuming and it’s one at a time. And what matters right now is cash flow to small businesses. And so, it wouldn’t be an efficient way of dealing with the cash flow needs. The government’s already created a program. So, what problem are we trying to solve? On a prospective basis, I see it differently. Why doesn’t the industry underwrite pandemic, because of the size of the tail, as I say it as it’s an event that has no geographic or time limits. And so, the tail is so great, the industry has a finite balance sheet that can’t take infinite risk. If the government would take the tail risk and take the significant loss on -- in a pandemic event, the industry I believe could take a retention, and could be underwriting pandemic, a little -- very different but a little like, think about TRIA. And I can tell you, I’m in favor of a public private partnership in shouldering the burden in the future. And Chubb has put together its own proposal and we will be sharing that around shortly with the appropriate parties, both inside the industry and outside the industry.
Operator: And this concludes today’s question-and-answer session. And I would now like to turn the call back to Karen Beyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again. Have a nice day and stay well.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter Year-End 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Chubb's December 31st, 2019 fourth quarter year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance and growth opportunities, pricing and business mix and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now it's my pleasure to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, we'll then take your questions. Also with us to assist you with your questions are several members of our management team. And now I will turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we recorded core operating income in the fourth quarter of $2.28 per share, up 13% from prior year. The quarter was marked by excellent premium revenue growth globally, driven by an improved and improving pricing and underwriting environment, that is spreading to more lines of business and more territories. Our organic growth in the commercial lines underwriting environment were the best in over five years. We also experienced a fairly active quarter globally for weather-related and man-made catastrophes, including the impact of weather on our U.S. agriculture business. Core operating income was just over $1 billion. Our published P&C combined ratio for the quarter was 92.7%, about 0.5% point improvement over prior year, with P&C underwriting income up 12%. On the one hand, we benefited from lower year-over-year catastrophe losses. You may have noticed that half of our total CAT losses in the quarter was from one event at Tornado that destroyed a mile by 1.5 mile affluent neighborhood in the suburbs of Dallas, where Chubb had significant market share, what are the odds, but that's our business. On the other hand, as you saw from our pre-announcement, we reported an underwriting loss of $23 million for the quarter in our crop insurance business, attributable to yield shortfalls from difficult growing conditions compared with an underwriting gain of $161 million in last year's fourth quarter. As I pointed out before, by its nature, crop insurance is a business with CAT like exposures. After all, it's about moisture and temperature i.e., the weather. The risk-reward for crop insurance has been favorable for Chubb over the long, short and medium term. And after three exceptional years in '16 to '18, last year was below average. For the quarter, the global P&C combined ratio, which excludes agriculture was 91.9% compared with 95.2% prior year. And on a current accident year basis, excluding CATs, it was an outstanding, 88.6% versus 89.9% last year. To briefly recap the year, core operating earnings of $4.6 billion were up over 5%. The P&C underwriting income, up 4.5%. Global P&C underwriting income, which again excludes Ag, was up 18.5%. The Global P&C combined ratios both calendar and current accident year were simply excellent. The calendar year was down from the year before, and the current accident year, excluding CATs was flat with prior year. Booking tangible book value per share were up 11.7% and 18.6%, respectively for the year, driven by a combination of income and the mark from falling interest rates. Phil will have more to say about the investment income, book value, CATs and prior period development. Turning to growth and the rate environment. P&C premium revenue in the quarter in constant dollars was excellent. And as I noted a moment ago, the strongest organic premium revenue growth in over five years. Net premiums grew 9.8% before foreign exchange, which had less than 1 point of negative impact. The pricing environment continued to improve quarter-on-quarter with the rate of increase accelerating and spreading to more classes of business and risk types. Overall, prices increased in North America, commercial, which includes both major accounts and specialty, as well as middle market and small commercial by 8.3% on a written basis versus a current loss cost trend of about 4.5%. Renewal price change includes both rate of 9%, and a slight decline on exposure of about 0.5%. We continue to benefit from a flight to quality, more business continues to meet our underwriting standards and new and existing customers choose Chubb. New business was up nearly 10% in the quarter and renewal retention was excellent, 95.5% on a premium and 87% on a policy count basis. In major accounts and specialty commercial, excluding ag, premiums grew over 10.5%, with major accounts retail growth of 9% and E&S wholesale growth of 10%. In terms of rate increases: rates for major accounts were up 10.5%; with risk management, up 5.5%; excess casualty, up 27%; and property and short-tail lines, up 20%. Management liability rates increased 20%. In our Westchester, E&S wholesale business, rates were up 15%; property, up over 19%; casualty, up 15%; and financial lines, up nearly 12%, all well above third quarter's increases. Rates in our Chubb Bermuda business were up 33%. Turning to our U.S. middle market and small commercial division, premiums grew over 7.5%, and excluding workers comp, we grew 10%. Renewal retention in our middle market business was nearly 94%. Middle market pricing was up 5%, and excluding comp, it was up nearly 7%. Pricing for casualty ex. comp was up about 6%, while comp pricing was down about 4.5%. Package was up 6%; property, up 10.5%; and financial lines rates were up almost 8%. In our North America, personal lines business, net premiums in the quarter were up over 9%, but adjusted for additional reinsurance items, which negatively impacted prior year growth, we grew 4.5%. Retention remains strong at 97.5% on a premium basis, and over 89% on a policy basis. Homeowners pricing was up nearly 13% in the quarter. We are making great progress in reshaping the portfolio, the more closely focused on clients, who lead our risk profile. Turning to our international business, growth remains strong in our Overseas General Insurance operations with premiums written, up 9% in constant dollars and FX then had a negative impact about 2.5 percentage points. Net premiums for our London market wholesale business were up 22%, while our retail division was up almost 8% with growth broadly distributed across the globe. Growth in our international retail was led by Continental Europe, up nearly 10.5% and the best growth in many years, followed by Latin America and Asia Pac, up over 9% and 8%, respectively, and the U.K., up over 5.5%. Overall, rates in our international retail business were up 10%; property, up 11%; casualty, up 3%; and financial lines, up 17%. Rates in our London wholesale business were up 20%; property, up 21%; financial lines, up 16%; and aviation, up 27%. Our Asia-focused international Life Insurance business had a strong quarter with net premiums, up over 14% in constant dollar and a contribution to earnings of $36 million, up over 12% from prior year. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Luis Ortega can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In closing, it was a good quarter and year for Chubb. Premium revenue growth continued to accelerate as more business meets our underwriting standards and we achieve greater price adequacy and a rapidly improving underwriting environment. We have started the New Year in excellent shape with a lot of momentum. Our organization was built on a global scale to capitalize on market conditions, such as this. We have patiently waited and remain disciplined and true to our culture and the craft of underwriting excellence. We are now capitalizing on greater opportunity. At the same time, we are not taking our eye off the execution of our many important long-term strategic initiatives, that position us for future revenue and earnings growth, including our increasing ownership stake in Huatai Insurance Group, progress we are making with our digital efforts, our growing international consumer lines operation and our growth strategies for middle market and small commercial around the globe. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we'll be back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed the year with a very strong overall financial position. Businesses and investment performance produced positive cash flow of $1.4 billion for the quarter and $6.3 billion for the year. Our total capital grew to over $70 billion and our cash and invested assets grew $8.6 billion for the year, to $111 billion. In addition, as Evan mentioned our book and tangible book value per share were 11.7% and 18.6%, respectively. For the year, excluding unrealized gains from declining interest rates book and tangible book value per share grew 5.5% and 8.1%, respectively. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $650 million to shareholders, including $340 million in dividends and $310 million in share repurchases. For the year, we returned $2.9 billion to shareholders, including $1.4 billion in dividends and over $1.5 billion in share repurchases at an average price of $146.61 per share. In December, we issued $1.6 billion of five-year and 10-year debt in the European market at an average interest rate of 0.59%. For the year, we have issued $2.8 billion of euro debt and paid out of $500 million of debt that mature. This debt produced to fund certain future debt maturities and other corporate uses. Our annualized core operating ROE for the year was 9% and our core operating return on tangible equity was 14.6%. As previously announced in December, we increased our ownership stake in Huatai Insurance Group to 30.9% and agreed to purchase another 22.4% in two separate transactions, contingent on certain approvals and other conditions. We will hold a majority stake when we complete the second transaction. Until then, we continue to apply equity accounting to our Huatai ownership. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $893 million pretax and $3.6 billion pretax for the year. The investment income in the quarter was slightly below our previous guidance due to lower than expected private equity distributions. While there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, we now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $885 million to $895 million. After-tax net realized and unrealized gains were $268 million for the quarter and $3 billion for the year, primarily from a decline in interest rates in the fixed income portfolio. Net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $430 million pretax, or $350 million after-tax, as previously announced and are further detailed in the financial supplement. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $233 million pretax, or $199 million after-tax. This is net of $74 million adverse development from our legacy run off exposure principally related to asbestos. The remaining favorable development of $307 million is split approximately 67% in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2015 and prior and 33% in short-tail lines. The full year agriculture combined ratio was 95.1%, compared with 75.5% in the prior year, or a decline of $296 million in underwriting income from higher crop losses. Given this year's results, we do not expect the 2019 crop year to develop anywhere near as favorably in 2020, as the 2018 year developed in the first quarter of 2019. As a reminder, we had positive development of over $60 million in last year's first quarter. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves decreased $118 million in the quarter, reflecting the impact of catastrophe loss statements, favorable prior period development and crop insurance payments in the quarter. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 106%. After adjusting for the items noted above, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 98%. For the year, net loss reserves increased $514 million on a constant dollar basis. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio for the year was 99% and was 92% adjusted for the items noted above. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.2%, which is in line with our annual expected range, although, is there at the lower end of the range given the impact of catastrophe losses in the quarter. For the year, our core operating effective tax rate was 14.9%. For 2020, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to continue to be in the range of 14% to 16%. I'll turn the call back to - I mean, Karen, sorry.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. And at this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: I guess, first question, Evan, very high-level question and then kind of apologize in advance. It's kind of a generic question, but I really want to get your thoughts on this. Look, the industry is reacting to, I guess, listening to the past, if you will from pricing and its to the industry. You seem, we don't have to do those much because your prior year stuff was already strong. And so the question here is kind of more, how do you think about - the answer is really your account by account details of your underwriting, and which you guys do phenomenally well. But at a high-level, Evan, how do you steer the ship with thinking about just the trade-off between - you have a cushion that you could maybe not really worry about margin expansion as much because you got such great MBS margins. And think about the growth that you could possibly get even higher growth, if you give up a little bit more on the margin expansion. So, just kind of a high-level. How do you think about the tug-of-war between the pricing that you want to get the growth. Do you want rest of the margins that you had on that?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I don't think about it that way. And not how an underwriting organization really thinks about it. Your question is, in a sense, be simplistic. We quote the rates and prices and underwriting terms that we require in each line of business, to earn what we think is an adequate risk adjusted return as expressed by a combined ratio in that line of business. It then all mixes together in portfolio, which you then see as an overall published average combined ratio. And so you can't in the commercial P&C business, which runs higher than the average that you look at, as a whole company. You then dig down by line and there are lines of business that are - that we think are adequate now, or maybe a bit above the adequate in some cases, and there are lines of business that are below adequate, and we'll continue to drive for rate. Wherever we see adequacy and we like the risk-reward, we're hardly holding back on growth. And I think the question is a little ironic this quarter, when you're asking it in the backdrop of fundamentally a 10% growth rate on an organization of this size. I hope that helps you.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Yes, thanks. A little more detail than on the…
Evan Greenberg: I think you had a second question.
Michael Phillips: I did. Yes, thanks. This is more detail on Overseas General, it kind of nitpicky question here on your expense ratio, how to think about that in 2020? I mean, it looks like it's ticked up a bit throughout '19 more on the acquisition expense and what's behind that to the return 2020?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it's pretty - it's pretty simple. About one-third of it, as - of the increase is related to one-time items last year that, that benefited last year's expense ratio, from about one-third of it is, is mix of business, where it's business runs a lower loss ratio, higher expense ratio, and some of the partnerships we have will have that signature to them, because the mix of product is a lower loss ratio related. And the third is investments we've been making in certain businesses, particularly in Asia and to a degree in Latin America to grow - for future growth, and we'll grow into our sleeves there and the expense ratio will ameliorate and improve.
Operator: We'll now hear from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: I want to ask about North American casualty, the loss trend that you mentioned, because that seems to be a big topic of just how you might be accelerating. Could you a little talk about maybe what's going on there as well as, I would imagine, tell me if I'm wrong, there are pieces in there with some pretty high loss trends maybe D&O, professional liability? And then where are the offsets?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No. Yes, without going into too much detail, just to give the shape of that a little bit. First of all, I don't agree with your last comment. I think, it's - I don't - it's not how we see it. D&O is an old story. We've been talking about it for a while. Frequency and severity both moved up, but that was a couple of years ago. And we've seen it pretty steady at that elevated level. We don't see that continuing to deteriorate overall, and that's all classes that we've mixed together in there. There are some classes, individual classes, sub-classes that, that have an increasing frequency, but overall. In primary casualty, we're seeing severity stable. We haven't - in the risk transfer primary casualty area, we haven't noticed a deterioration. In workers comp, in the risk transfer comp business through the year, we've seen an increase of severity, particularly on the '18 and '19 years. And by the way, so all of our loss cost trends, we're comfortable with our OpEx. And we're constantly looking at updated data. And the trends we see are reflected in our loss cost fix for the year, for the back years and inform us as we go forward into the '20 year. I hope that helps you.
Paul Newsome: No, no. I think it makes sense. And then secondly, I just want to make sure, and I think, I have a good guess at this, but that the Asian exposure to all this virus, just the economic turmoil that's resulting there. I would imagine, and tell me if I'm wrong that you've got fairly minimal exposures through losses, but there might be some sales disruption just because people will not be able to get out. Is that a kind of a good way to think about it, or is there something else I should be thinking about. I don't expect…
Evan Greenberg: We're experienced, we're informed in our underwriting from past pandemics and/or potential pandemics. SARs was a good run at this. And given our underwriting position, and how we think about supply chains, and how we think about property in the perils we cover, et cetera. We see very minimal loss exposure on this. We have a very small, almost non-exist and accident and health business in China. And we don't see - we imagine modest impact from everything we can tell, from economic slowdown or economic activity. But time will tell in that regard. We don't know the true infection rate likely and we don't know when this is going to peak. And so that's what I can give you based on what we know today.
Paul Newsome: Obviously, keeping our fingers crossed there. So thank you very much.
Operator: Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo has the next question.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Evan, in your prepared remarks you talked about strongest growth you guys have seen in five years. You also painted a picture of a lot of price going through your book that you said continued into 2020. So, as we think about 2020, do you see price and growth picking up as we move throughout the year. And I guess how long, do you have a line of sight in terms of how long do you think the upward pricing momentum might last?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You're asking me a bunch of questions that you know, I'm not going to answer much, Elyse, but I admire you for asking. Look, I can't - I'm not going to prognosticate the balance of the year. I mean, the only thing I'll tell you is this, I think growth, we ran about 7% in '19, and I think that will be in the range, if not better in the '20 underwriting year is my sense of it, but no guarantees and there's always a little volatility quarter-to-quarter given some seasonality and mix of business. So, you never see it in just some steady way. On pricing, I think, it endures. The fundamentals speak to it. And so the environment we see is the environment I imagine and will continue for some time, it's rational. And there are many reasons for it. And there is nothing that I see that tells me the momentum will slow. If anything, it's picked up, and it is spreading more broadly. Industry needs rate and needs it in quite a number of classes and across the globe. And then you're in a low interest rate environment and you can hardly rely on investment income to bail you out. And the industry needs rate because rate has just not kept pace with loss cost trends for quite a number of years. The math is so simple. People seem to over intellectualize this. And then on the other side of the coin, in the numerator, there are a few discrete classes where the loss environment is more hostile, and that is out there. That is understood. That is known and you either recognized it and reflected it in your reserves and in your loss picks and pricing in the past come, or it's something that you're doing with currently and is in front of you. But I think that just varies by organization.
Elyse Greenspan: And then secondly on - we've heard a lot in the reinsurance market about prices going up at January 1, and I think there are some expectations. We'll see that continuing throughout the year. Does Chubb, have any thoughts of changing their reinsurance program in a significant degree for what you had placed in 2019, your outbound program?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not - that is a treaty-by-treaty book of business by book of business decision. We make rational decisions around all of that. And so I'm not going to make any general statements about that.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last question. In the past, you guys have given us your excess capital, in terms of the drag on your ROE. Could you let us know about where that will sit after you make the next investment within the Huatai. Have you increased your stake over the next couple of deals?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Go ahead, Philip.
Philip Bancroft: 5% to 7%, drag on the ROE. I'm sorry, 5% to 7%.
Evan Greenberg: Oh, it's not 5%, it's 0.5%.
Philip Bancroft: I'm sorry, 50 basis points to 70 basis points.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, what we said is 50 basis points to 75 basis points of drag on ROE.
Operator: And our next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Evan, I think in response to previous question, you had said that, you'd seen the D&O option started to deteriorate at least two years ago or about two years ago. Just curious what happened, six months ago, four months ago, when rates started to really move up? Why was there kind of year-and-a-half lag there?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, sure. And by the way, we saw it, two years or three years ago, it's three years we've been talking about it, because it was the '17 year, '17, '18, '19. So, sorry, even longer. You know, look, you get notices. Notices turn into - you get notices of circumstance. You get - you then get notices of claim. You get those turning into incurs. And then ultimately they move to cash flow. And those who have large books of this, teach and play both the primary and the excess they see it and they play. First, layer excess they see it earlier and have a sense of it, have the data, have the experience to know, which cases are going to turn into which - what kind of loss. And what is a realistic loss amount around that case? They have the data and understanding to see it law firm behavior. And by the way, the nature of the type of claims that are changing and how they're being made. And so you get a sense of all of that early if you're in the position and which we are, and we're a market leader that way. And we see it on a global basis. We could look at it early. There are others who just - they arrive at it late and they arrive at it when it turns into incurred and paid losses. And you get an education, but you pay a tuition for it.
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question not really related, North America Personal. I think that delta between adjusted net premiums written and our growth in net premiums growth had been positive for the last four quarters and then this quarter it turn negative. Just trying to understand that the dynamic there. I know that you guys have added a quota share insurance - reinsurance policy for California. But just trying to understand what happened that quarter?
Evan Greenberg: I think you are - I think you're confused - I'm sorry, maybe we're looking at different numbers for you confused. We grew, first of all, on a published basis at 9%. When you adjust for the California reinsurance, which we placed last year and it had a bigger impact last year than this year because we made a premium transfer to them of unearned premium. If you understand how that works. And therefore the adjusted real growth rate is 4.5%. If you look back on previous quarters, is our best growth in premium terms and the year. And it has a combination of rate and a reasonable level of retention as we also shape the portfolio, and there are areas where we're eliminating exposure and by the way we got 13 points of price change in the quarter.
Operator: Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse has the next question.
Mike Zaremski: First question maybe sticking on personal lines. Yeah, the pricing in personal lines seems to have accelerated and I know you've talked about reshaping the portfolio. And I also believe in past quarters, you've been cited as saying loss costs in personal lines is as high as the high-single digits. Maybe you can kind of talk about why loss costs inflation is at that level and some other of your competitors don't speak to it being that high and maybe you can talk about probably about the reshaping and what where you are in that reshaping? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, sure. First of all, I don't know who you're thinking of as a competitor, but we don't write general market homeowners. We write only affluent. And the share of market we have in there is - and our reach, our national reach on that business is just five-fold. The loss costs in the homeowners business are running in that 8% range. They have been for some time. Cost of materials, cost of labor, and there is a labor shortage and materials particularly at the high end, are very expensive. Business interruption, business interruption, homeowners out of their homes, interrupted an extra living expense is up, because there is more remediation work in a claim than there was in the past more around mold and other conditions that people are more concerned about and that are focused on and get attention. And then frequency of loss as contributed particularly in non-weather water-related, which we've talked about for some time and others have the same issues. So, when you add all that up, those are the main contributing factors to loss costs trend. I don't see it ameliorating by the way, not much.
Mike Zaremski: And lastly, thanks for the color on loss expense trend. I'm curious, when you talked about the trend in North America. Does that take into account some of the state changes in terms of the statutes of limitations, some reviver statutes? So maybe you could comment on that. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It takes into account everything we know in our portfolio. So, I'm not leaving anything out. However, on the reviver statute changes only - there's notices. There is notice activity and filing of claims. Like there is very little information at this moment to respond to. And that's going to be in my judgment quite a while developing. And I don't - there is not much to respond to at this point. Just take New York for example, all of the cases are being consolidated with one court and judge, who's going to just figure out how to move forward with these in a structured way. So the rules and the process by which these will be adjudicated is yet to be determined. So you can't take discovery. You can't get information. You can't do anything right now. And that's the plaintiff and the defendant, let alone then the insurer that is a derivative of all of this. So it's going to evolve over a period of time, but right now, anything we know where it's - where it can be estimated is in our numbers.
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous.
Ryan Tunis: Evan, just in North America commercial, I was hoping you could give us some color on how you'd characterize the accident year loss ratio improvement, 64 versus 66 a year ago, 1.5 point of improvement sequentially. How - is that mostly we earned premium and excessive trend, was a benign attritional activity? I'm just trying to think about what's going on from a margin standpoint there?
Evan Greenberg: How would I characterize it? I'd characterize it as darn good. There you go. And look last year we did take some reserve charge, you will recall. So think about it, for a short-tail that did not repeat. And we've recognized a higher loss pick for that. And the improvement is a combination of earned rate underwriting, which frankly is more powerful than the earned rate and actions we take in that regard. And that's about it, because we had seen a lot of change in loss environment.
Ryan Tunis: To add one for Phil and then one more for Evan. But Phil, on the Huatai consolidation, how should we think about the impact that might have on either - on book value per share, tangible book value per share, if you do go over that 50% threshold?
Philip Bancroft: Yes. It's way too early for that. We're evaluating it. We'll continue to evaluate it, but I'm not ready to give you an impact on tangible at this point.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then, I guess keeping on these legacy issues we're having. For Chubb, and I guess the industry in general, how are you thinking about with the opioid litigation going on how that might manifest as an Insurance liability?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And I don't think of that as legacy. I think of that is current. It's like other mass story that exists. So I don't see legacy in that. It's - when it comes to opioid, you got to make - we don't cover - insurance doesn't cover financial loss. We cover a loss due to bodily injury property damage. And you have to have that clear linkage in liabilities. You got approved liability. And you got to prove in liability that have resulted in bodily injury and property damage, and/or property damage. And the cases that are brought against pharma right now, are brought for financial loss, because the municipalities and society had a big financial penalty as a result of the overuse of opioids. That's what's alleged. Then making the case to Insurance. Well, you've got - there's plenty of - you got to leap the hurdle, I just said in that regard. You got to be able to demonstrate that you didn't know that you weren't aware when you bought insurance that these things were going on and other defenses. And so right now as far as coverage and what exist, we look at our portfolio through that lens and through those eyes and that we see an estimated liability. We reflected in our records - in our books and records and therefore, our reserves.
Ryan Tunis: And I guess, my one follow there would be - is this something that the insureds understand the difference between BI and financial, or is just a type of - in other words, this is something you're able to sort out with your clients, or is this something that ultimately is going to have to be resolved, insurance-related disputes policy wording like that sort of thing?
Evan Greenberg: You know what Ryan, welcome to the insurance business. It varies by insured and a) both intellectually and their own character of do they - do you understand the spirit of intent. And then versus let's go torture the language and see what we can get. And so it's all over the lot, always all over.
Operator: We'll now hear from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Evan, in your opening comments you noted that there was a small headwinds to premium growth from exposure as opposed to last quarter's small increase. I was wondering, whether there's anything significant in that change?
Evan Greenberg: No. And what I gave you, Meyer, was simply, which is kind of an over simplistic way of doing it. What I said to you was that pricing was up 8.5 in North America, all the businesses rolled up. And when that it was made up of 9 in rate and the half and exposure. That - negative exposure. That exposure change is just - we have businesses with positive exposure change in - more in the middle market and small commercial and then it jumps all over the lot in the large account business. And so, I wouldn't - there is - it's got puts and calls in it. There is no general theme to read into that whatsoever.
Meyer Shields: And then in the two North America, non-agriculture segment, so it was a bigger year-over-year increase in admin expenses than we've seen year-to-date through September. And I was hoping you could add some color to what's driving that?
Evan Greenberg: In which one are you looking at North America?
Meyer Shields: Commercial and personal, right, the admin expenses.
Evan Greenberg: I'm sorry.
Meyer Shields: The administrative expenses.
Evan Greenberg: Did you say North America, though?
Meyer Shields: Oh, I'm sorry, yeah. North America, commercial; North America, personal.
Evan Greenberg: North America, personal. There was nothing. Go ahead, Phil.
Philip Bancroft: There were a couple of items in the prior year related to pension and other benefits that benefited this last year. And so it makes it look like an increase this year.
Evan Greenberg: Pension adjustment expense.
Meyer Shields: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Evan Greenberg: It can bounce around a little bit year-by-year. You don't know, it will depend on interest rate levels and all that at the end of this year, how it will look versus the year before.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Two here for you. And then just a quick follow up on Meyer's question about the exposure. I'm just curious, are you guys picking up market share right now and kind of what is the unit kind of growth in North America, commercial, as well as in overseas, or is this not the time for you guys to pick up market share?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think we're picking up market share, but as far as unit, I think the numbers are trying to demonstrate that, but unit growth, we don't have a unit growth number for you.
Brian Meredith: Okay. But - I got you. But I guess…
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No, we're picking up market share.
Brian Meredith: You're picking up market share. So I guess - the question I guess, Meyer was asking, the 8.5% pricing in North America, right? You said a little bit exposure. I would have thought that would be even higher…
Evan Greenberg: You're missing it. No, you're missing how to define exposure.
Brian Meredith: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: We are growing - that's not how insurance companies, when they say exposure growth give it to you. So we're growing exposure by writing more clients. That 0.5% that goes into pricing happens to do with how clients - clients have a rate against exposure to determine their premium. That's their own payroll. That's their own receipts, et cetera. And they then report that to you and that goes into their actual premium price. Do you what I mean?
Brian Meredith: Right. Yes, yes. Absolute…
Evan Greenberg: That's very different than - that's very different than is Chubb in its written premium growing exposure or we're growing exposure.
Brian Meredith: And then my second question. I'm just curious, on your Global A&H business, growth has been fairly muted for a little while. Is that just a function of just economic activity globally, or is there something else to read into that?
Evan Greenberg: No. Latin America is growing quite well. Europe grows at an unexciting sort of steady rate, low single digit. It's Asia Pac, where the underlying activity is very good and it's growing well, but we lost a client, Siam Commercial Bank earlier in the year and we talked about that and that has impacted that growth rate year-on-year. And what you'll see as the year goes along that A&H growth will pickup.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now hear from David Motemaden from Evercore.
David Motemaden: Just a quick numbers one for Evan and maybe Phil. Just on the civil unrest losses that we saw, the $33 million, is any of that spilling over into 1Q especially in Chile, just given the protests are still going on there?
Evan Greenberg: No, not that we see, de minimis.
David Motemaden: And then, just - I saw in the December slides, Evan, you had laid out around 45% of your business is exposed to a hardening rate environment. Just wondering what that percentage is today. Just given that it's spreading into other lines in other geographies?
Evan Greenberg: That's up. It's up - it's not up dramatically. We have an updated the number yet.
David Motemaden: And then with the Huatai investment or the increased stake, just wondering why you guys chose to increase your share there as opposed to maybe applying to get a fully owned license there like some of your peers have?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we do. We have a fully-owned, and Chubb Insurance is a wholly owned, completely 100% foreign invested. And if you want to go in that direction, that's the 100-year plan or more. We have with Huatai 600 offices around the country. We have most all provinces. It's a life insurance company that - and foreigners have just been allowed to now own majority in life insurance. But it has a life insurance company that we built and help to build that is doing, closing on $1 billion revenue. It's got P&C company doing that $1.5 billion or so. Got a retail mutual fund license. Good luck getting one of those. It's got so much capability that it gives us to build from. And if you go simply as a foreigner entering China, de novo to build it is very hot style both the regulatory and the business environment. And very difficult to get it done. You have to do it province-by-province. You got to go city-by-city. And not simply you get it at a national level, it's not how it works in China. So this is a very precious asset, if we execute well in recognizing the future value of that asset.
David Motemaden: Yes, understood. And I guess just thinking about in terms of the number of Board seats you there. I guess, how much control do you have over wide time? And obviously that will increase as you buy up your stake? And just some of those benefits that you had mentioned in terms of having the local expertise, which Pru U.K. has mentioned as well with their relationship with CITIC. Do you see any risk, once you guys go up to wholly ownership, or maybe even up to like 100% that, that becomes a headwind?
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't. And you know, I've been doing business there for almost 30 years. So I know something about the environment there. And approach it with my eyes open and from a perspective that I'm going to - that's the perspective with which I'm going to give you the next comment. When we have majority. We have very clear control. Right now we have substantial influence and control to do more things in there. But obviously, with the majority is when you have clear control, that will happen relatively near-term. And secondly, China is like doing business anywhere. If you're a builder of business versus an investor, then you understand it not in some sterile way and that is that every territory, every country. China in particular are complicated and they have a risk around them. There is no guarantees. But the opportunity, if you execute well, and the opportunity in China is simply dramatic. It's a country of a lot of talented people. Our ability to source talent, ability to recognize leadership, our ability to use talent that we have around the region and around the world, including Chinese, we have those tools and those advantages. And we've got it's a country of relationships. We have a lot of them. And so it is again not without risk, but given the reward and the potential, and that it is the largest and what will be the largest economy in the world and it's the second largest now, well, I'll tell you what. It's not a hard decision to make that the long-term potential value creation for this organization. And that's what it's about long-term value creation.
David Motemaden: Yes, I totally agree. Thanks for the thoughts. Appreciate it.
Operator: Looks like we have time for one more question. And that question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Thank you for fitting me in. I mean, I just had one question. I guess, it sort of dovetails with this long-term value creation comment you just made. If I look in your earnings press releases, you always include both core operating, return on equity results. And then you include a core operating return on equity on tangible equity results. So, I'm not trying to be argumentative, but could you remind me of the thought process behind that tangible reference? I assume, the goodwill from Chubb and other acquisitions continues to be valuable. So just looking for clarification there.
Evan Greenberg: Sure, it is. I am - first of all, I think tangible is your most constraining factor, when you are - when you in a balance sheet risk business. You can only pay claims against tangible. Can only grow your revenue and exposure to the extent of your tangible wherewithal. You can only borrow and you can only make acquisition to the extent of tangible, to your most constraining factor. Tangible is also the purest. Book, straight book has accounting, what I'd say is, more accounting related within it's more subjective than objective. When I look at the return on equity versus tangible return on equity, tangible is the one I have my eye on more for value creation. When I look at equity and return on equity, the Chubb, I look at it over a long-term. And you said it right to me, depends on, it varies by company and you have to able to assess that. The goodwill, I think is an appreciating asset in this company, not a - hardly a depreciating or a stagnant. It opened the path to such future value creation of the organization that is occurring over time and will occur over time. And the goodwill you grow into that goodwill and because it's an appreciating asset, the Chubb and ACE combination that created most of that, created that value that way. So that's how we see it. And I think it's the right balance and how we think about value creation. So, thanks for the question, I didn't take it as argumentative.
Greg Peters: Thanks for fitting me in.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back to your host for closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to seeing you again next quarter. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: With that, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 10:26:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Chubb's September 30, 2019 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance and growth opportunities, pricing and business mix, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our Web site at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now it's my pleasure to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll then take your questions. Also with us to assist you with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, I'll turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a strong third quarter with core operating earnings up double digit and excellent premium revenue growth globally. Growth benefitted from a continuously improving pricing and underwriting environment where insurance rates and terms continued to firm quarter-over-quarter in major areas of our business. Our growth is also benefitting from our many product, customer and distribution-related growth initiatives around the globe, particularly in the U.S., Asia and Latin America. Core operating income was $2.70 per share, up 12%. The balance of our earnings between underwriting and investment income was very good with underwriting income of 754 million, up 12.5% and adjusted net investment income of 910 million, up 3%. Global P&C underwriting income, which excludes agriculture, was up 27.7%. The combined ratio was 90.2 and benefitted from lower year-on-year CATs offset partially by higher crop losses, another CAT-like risk. On a current accident year basis, excluding CAT, the combined ratio was 89.5% and excluding ag it was 88.3%, up modestly like four-tenths of a percent from prior year. Book and tangible book value per share were up 2% and 3.3%, respectively, in the quarter and were up 9.8% and 15.7% since December 31, driven by a combination of strong income and the mark from falling interest rates. While benefiting temporarily our company's book value growth, prolonged low interest rates, a result of overreliance on monetary policy, have penalized savers and led to misallocation of capital and overvaluation of assets without substantially supporting business investments and economic growth. Annualized core operating return on equity for the quarter was 9.5%. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, CATs and prior period development.  Turning to growth and the rate environment, P&C premium revenue in the quarter in constant dollars was quite strong. Net premiums grew 7.2% and then foreign exchange had a 1 point negative impact. As I noted at the beginning, the pricing environment continued to improve quarter-on-quarter with the rate of increase accelerating and spreading to more classes of business and risk type. More perspective, rate increases in both our North America commercial lines and in our London wholesale businesses this quarter were double those of the first quarter, 6.4% versus 3.2% and 17% versus 8%, respectively. In the U.S., rates continued to firm in major accounts; E&S wholesale specialty and the middle market. In our international operations, we continued to observe firming conditions in the London wholesale market and in Australia, while rates began to increase in the UK retail market and parts of the continent, particularly for large risk. The market is responding to the fact that rates have not kept pace with loss cost over a number of years, which has put pressure on margins and ultimately on reserves. Rates have gone down while loss cost have risen, very simple math. However, as we have been saying for some time, the frequency of severity in certain long-tail and short-tail classes has been worsening while at the same time in other classes it has remained subdued or declined. For the sake of simplicity, let’s divide long-tail loss into three buckets. Bucket one, generally speaking in the attritional loss layers, severity has been increasing at a relatively modest pace and frequency has been steady, though there are exceptions. In the second bucket, in excess claims settlements has been increasing and putting pressure on rate adequacy, a consequence of so-called social inflation but also casualty attachment points not moving for years. A $1 million attachment point for casualty excess 10 years ago is worth a fraction of the amount today. And finally the third bucket, there has been an increase in class actions, large to mega, everything from securities and anti-trust related to science-based, for example, chemical, pharma and physical trauma-related. And there are casualty CAT type events such as molestation-related reviver statute legislative actions. I have spoken about all this for some time now. In my judgment, given the simple math, the risk environment and a reset of risk appetite on the part of many, the current market conditions are sustainable. Returning to the quarter. Overall prices increased in North America commercial on a written basis by 6.8% versus a loss cost trend of about 4.5%. Renewal price change 0.4% and exposure change of 0.4%. As I noted last quarter, we are also benefiting from a flight to quality, particularly in large account and specialty as more business meets our underwriting standards. Given the choice, many potential customers prefer Chubb. New business in North America commercial lines was up 18.5% in the quarter with major accounts and specialty up over 23%. And middle market and small commercial up over 9.5%. Retention of our customers remained very strong across all of our North America commercial and personal P&C businesses with renewal retention as measured by premium of 96.6%. In major accounts and specialty commercial, excluding agriculture, premiums were up 9.5% with major accounts retail up about 5.5% and E&S wholesale up over 18%. Rates for major accounts were up over 8% with risk management up 4.5%, excess casualty up 17.5% and property up over 29%. Public D&O rates increased over 17.5%. In our E&S wholesale business, rates were up about 7.5% with property up 17% and financial lines up 8.5%. Turning to our middle market and small commercial business. Premiums overall were up 5.6% and renewal retention in our middle market business was 92%. Middle market pricing was up over 6%; and excluding workers’ comp, up about 6.5%. Pricing for primary casualty was up 7.7%, property up 7.3%, excess umbrella up 7% and public D&O rates up 32%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written in the quarter were up 2.7%. But adjusting for the expanded reinsurance, net premiums written were up almost 4%, our best quarter of the year. Retention remains strong at 97% on a premium basis and steady at over 90% on a policy basis. Homeowners pricing was up 10.7% in the quarter. Turning to our international business. Growth accelerated in our overseas general insurance operations with net premiums written up about 11% in constant dollar and FX then had a negative impact of about 3.5 percentage points. Net premiums for our London market wholesale business were up 29%, while our retail division was up over 9.5% with growth broadly distributed across the globe. Growth in our international retail business was led by Latin America and Asia Pacific, up circa 10% and 9%, respectively, with UK retail in the continent up over 8% and 6%, a very good result. Overall, rates in our London wholesale business were up 17%. Our Asia-focused international life insurance business had a strong quarter with net written premiums up over 20% in constant dollar and a contribution to earnings of 40 million, up over 43% from prior year. John Keogh, John Lupica and Paul Krump can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In closing, this was a very good quarter for Chubb. Premium revenue growth continued to accelerate as more business met our underwriting standards and we continued to achieve greater price adequacy in an improving underwriting environment. At the same time, long-term growth initiatives around the globe, our organization is firing on all cylinders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil and then will come back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We ended the quarter with a very strong overall financial position. Our businesses and investment performance produced positive cash flow in the quarter of 2.2 billion. We grew our assets to 175 billion, excluding cash and invested assets of 109 billion, which generated strong investment income and we grew total capital to over 68 billion. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned 819 million to shareholders including 341 million in dividends and 478 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date through yesterday, we have repurchased over 1.3 billion new shares at an average price of $145.70 per share. Our annualized core operating return on tangible equity was 15.6%. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter of 910 million pre-tax was higher than our estimated range and benefited from higher private equity distributions and increased corporate bond core activities. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were 263 million after tax. There was a gain of 503 million in the investment portfolio from a decline in interest rates, partially offset by a loss of 112 million from our variable annuity portfolio and a loss of 116 million from FX. Although market yields have declined significantly in recent months, we will remain conservative in our investment strategy and do not contemplate any significant shift in asset allocation. Despite the negative impact of lower interest rates, we expect our growth in invested assets and strong cash flow will support current investment income levels. We now expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income run rate to be approximately 900 million. Catastrophe losses in the quarter were 232 million with about 90% from U.S. weather-related events, including Hurricane Dorian and the balance from international events, primarily in Japan. In addition, agriculture underwriting income was adversely impacted by weather conditions resulting in underwriting income of 1 million compared to 79 million in the prior year. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of 167 million pre-tax or 112 million after tax. This included 27 million pre-tax adverse development related to legacy environmental exposures. The remaining favorable development of 194 million comprises 279 million favorable development from long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2015 and prior and in short-tail lines principally from non-CAT large losses from commercial property lines. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves decreased 137 million reflecting the impact of favorable prior period development and catastrophe losses. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 103% for the quarter. After adjusting for the items I discussed, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 96%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 15.1%, which is in line with our annual expected range of 14% to 16%. Through the nine months, our core operating effective tax rate was 15%. As a clarification to a point in the press release relating to North America commercial, we had a 2 point increase in our loss ratio; 1 point is property related. Year-to-date losses were higher than our selected loss ratio. The other point is long-tail related, simply higher loss fix this year than last and in line with previous quarters, no change. I’ll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question from Paul Newsome, Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was hoping you could touch a little bit more on your comments on the TOD environment, which I found very interesting. And specifically I’m curious if the buckets and descriptions you’re using are just attributed to the U.S. or given your international focus is also something we can think about having similar issues in or developments in the international markets?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, that’s a good question and good morning, Paul. The securities related and we don’t see it in general casualty. General casualty is behaving in a steady way. We don’t see the same factors that we see in the U.S. However, in securities related, so in D&O, the UK, Germany which has always been the troubled environment and Australia, there you see the same trends and in a place like Australia it’s even more acute. But that’s been for some time and I’ve been talking about it for a while because it’s the same – we’ve observed the trends for the last couple of years. The UK has worsened over the last two years, maybe three. Australia has been – it began deteriorating about four years ago and accelerated and it’s just a stupid environment now. And Germany given their insured versus insured – and the fact that they have – you have two boards in a company has been a difficult environment for a long time. But that’s about – the other markets around the world are kind of minor.
Paul Newsome: Great. And then separately just a more topical comment on the California wildfires and the exposures, is there anything about Chubb’s exposures out there that would be different from the last couple of years just from a pure written exposure from a reinsurance perspective?
Evan Greenberg: Well, let’s take the last couple of years, we do have a quota of share that we did not have before and that would be the one major difference. Over the last year, in particular, though it began two years ago but really it’s been the last year, we’ve been reshaping the portfolio. Given the underwriting environment and the level of rate we can charge, we have aggressively pursued more rate increase. So that earns into the portfolio and has a benefit and we’ve reshaped the portfolio around the margin and that continues, particularly in extreme wildfire zones.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. My first question, Evan, going back also to some of your comments on inflation, in North America commercial you guys pointed to consolidated trend about 4.5, which is in line with what you guys have been saying in the past couple of quarters. So just given the whole environment and what you see out there in terms of class action lawsuits, et cetera, picking up, do you view that as kind of the right base as we think about where trends would be over the next 12 months?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, our trend reflects everything we know. And we have – and it’s the overall portfolio, so that’s everything; long and short tail. We have classes in long and short tail with the loss cost trend as benign. And we have in both long and short-tail classes where it is less benign and I specifically spiked out [ph] to talk about the casualty – and I’m using casualty in the broad sense, including professional lines. The areas where we for some time have been talking about that loss cost trends or like loss cost trends, the loss environment has been worsening or becoming more hostile. That’s all baked into that 4.5%. Our selected trend factors by line reflect everything we know that we can mathematically calculate and substantiate is in our loss PIKs. Now, we can’t speak about the future because we don't know the future. We only know what we can observe today in the trends as we see them today and we have reflective all of that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that’s helpful. In terms of North America commercial, the prior year developments slowed. I believe it’s all due to what Phil pointed out in terms of the non-CAT losses in commercial property. I just wanted to clarify. So did all – away from just non-CAT property, did all their lines within commercial developed favorably in the quarter, if we can just get a little bit more color on that, were there releases within that business?
Evan Greenberg: In the current accident year – you’re speaking to current accident year?
Elyse Greenspan: No. I was talking about the prior year development, so the 109 this year versus North America commercial.
Evan Greenberg: We had releases and we had – we took reserve charges, as we told you. And when you say lines, it’s the lines that we study in the quarter. We don’t do a deep dive study on all lines every quarter. And as we’ve described numerous times, we have a schedule for that. And so of the lines studied in the quarter, those would be the long-tail ones that had releases. And by the way it’s many sub-lines and so some have some increases, some have decreases, but the aggregate that we gave you was a decrease.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Evan Greenberg: Sure.
Operator: Next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James, please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning. I have one question and a follow up. Evan, in your prepared remarks and I’m not trying to put words in your mouth, but I believe you suggested that assets might be overvalued due to the lower interest rate environment and I’m curious how you want your investors to view those comments in the context of your investment portfolio.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, what I was really relating to more than anything in my mind is I look at the prices people are paying to buy assets, all kinds of assets. And in my mind, in particular, I think about is we purchase insurance companies and we look at those assets and I find the market knows to be tremendously overvalued. And when I look at prices being paid and so much private equity and in IT related and technology related, the asset values are tremendously inflated and really making the comment that investors are chasing absolute yield, not risk-adjusted yield. When I come to our own investment portfolio, we’re very careful about how we invest the risk-adjusted return, not absolute yield, and that’s why Phil made the comment that there won’t be and you won’t see a change in our investment philosophy and strategy, because we’re disciplined and we’re not just going to chase the highest yield, for example, in high-yield bonds where we’re active. We know what we think the right risk-adjusted price is. I’m looking at historic default trends, et cetera. We’re not going to chase and that’s what my comments were related to.
Greg Peters: Excellent. Thanks for the clarification. I want to pivot and at the outset, I just want you to realize I’m not trying to get you to criticize your distribution partners, but if I consider the stock market performance as a measure of success, the insurance brokers have outperformed the underwriters on a one, three and five-year basis. And I was wondering if you could just update us on your views about the symbiotic relationship with your insurance brokers and/or if it’s changed?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. That bounces around and we’re in the risk-taking business. Brokerage is in the intermediation business only. And I realize we’re both in the advisory business that way. That they have done well, it’s not a zero-sum game. They have done well, I applaud them for it. I reflect they’ve done a good job and congratulations. And we’ll run our own race. And I’m not concerned with Chubb’s ability to outperform over reasonable periods of time and that particularly in comparison to those who were like us, risk takers. Secondly, has the relationship changed? No, it’s fundamentally the same relationship it has been for years. It changes based on tools and capabilities, change. But beyond that, the relationship is – the foundation of it hasn’t changed and that is a broker is in the business of representing their client and their client’s interest and helping them to select – advising them and helping them to select the right coverages, the right insurers and put together the right program. They intermediate that. And our relationship is – brokerage is an ambivalent relationship. You work in partnership together and you also work – you work for each of your respective interest.
Greg Peters: Thanks for the answers. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hi. Good morning. First question, Evan, when you’re talking about the competitive environment in your prepared remarks, I think you used the term reset of risk appetite on the part of some competitors. Do you feel that that reset is causing maybe pricing to move well in excess of loss trend and low interest rate pressures in certain lines? I guess what I’m trying to get at is that I think we all know that there’s a number of competitors kind of resetting and that gives us confidence and you confidence if the rate environment stays – is moving in the right direction. But I guess a lot of investors ask us whether Chubb’s margins can maybe eventually benefit more so than peers if the environment persists?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, I can only speak about what I know, not what I don’t know. There are lines of business – there are numerous lines of business where rate is exceeding loss cost trend and that is – it’s healing margins and therefore it is naturally ameliorating and benefitting margins. And then there are other lines and some of that, it’s actually improving the underwriting margin and in some areas it needs to go further because it’s still not adequate to earn under a positive underwriting margin. So it’s all over the lot. As far as Chubb’s margin goes, I’m not going to prognosticate about the future. The trends as we see them are positive, they’re good and all things being equal it benefits margin. However, I can’t speak to the future loss cost environment and future trends that way. So that’s why I never predict the future when it comes to that. We’re in the risk business.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, that’s helpful. And lastly just kind of a follow up to the previous questions, Evan you said that broadly speaking asset values are inflated and I think you alluded to also the M&A environment, but you can correct me if I’m wrong. So does that imply that there’s maybe less M&A opportunities today than I guess – well, there hasn’t been much M&A for you guys in recent years and maybe Phil can also remind us of the drag excess capital is having on your ROE? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. In the environment, sure, you’ve seen us quiet and you observe the prices for assets yourselves. I assume you come to the same conclusion I do. Phil, on ROE?
Philip Bancroft: The drag on the ROE it’s in the range of 0.7% to 1%.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. Evan, this is probably just me not at full capacity after a busy night, so I apologize in advance. But there is something I don’t quite understand – I’m sorry.
Evan Greenberg: Did you drink too much?
Yaron Kinar: I drank a lot of insurance [ph].
Evan Greenberg: That’s intoxicating.
Yaron Kinar: Yes. So overall loss trend remains stable at 4.5%, which incorporates lines that are deteriorating; others that are benign. But if it remains stable, why are we seeing Chubb and peers increase only vocalizing concerns over the loss trend deterioration? And why are rates as a whole firming?
Evan Greenberg: Because the loss environment in those troubled lines, you do see trends and you do see it showing up in overall loss PIKs that you’ve seen loss ratios in casualty rising and – I’m using casualty broadly, I’m using the term to include professional lines and general casualty. And taking our workers’ comp, it varies by line but you’ve been hearing about it and seeing it in commercial auto. You’ve been hearing about it and you’ve seen it in D&O and medical malpractice and excess liability. And so that has focus and attention from – underwriters see it and the investing community sees it. So there’s dialogue about that. And I do think that it is the loss cost environment there has not been benign. I’ve been talking about it for a while. Our own loss PIKs in those areas have been increasing. It does have an impact on our overall loss ratios, because it gets blended in there and it has. And so you need to be aware of it and focus on it and it is a trend right now. It has been and is. Am I making sense to you?
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Yes. And is this the way it means though that even for a long-term loss remains stable, there’s a certain reset of a base given the recent experience?
Evan Greenberg: Not a reset of a base, but remember we’re talking loss ratios and that’s calendar year that can include prior period reserves, that includes current accident year. So naturally you’ve seen very strong rate and with more benign loss years releasing reserves – industry releasing reserves into earnings when I take prior period. And you know as you get to more recent years, rates have been going down, loss cost trends have been rising and you’ve seen underneath the surface of these loss cost trends some of these ones that I just talked about and have been talking about that are more troubling and they show up. And then in the current – that all then rolls forward to the current accident year loss PIKs where you raise your expectations based on what you see today and as it has trended from the recent and past years.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my follow-up question is --
Evan Greenberg: Am I being clear for you?
Yaron Kinar: I think so. I may follow up offline, but I think I got the general gist. And then my second question is just around, you mentioned the three buckets; attrition loss for each layers, excess and large to mega. Can you offer maybe a broad distribution of those premiums for Chubb by those buckets?
Evan Greenberg: No.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome. I don’t have those to discuss.
Operator: We’ll go next to Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Phillips: Thank you. Good morning. I guess and I appreciate, Evan, your comments on not wanting to kind of go and predict the future. I guess I would ask then on your North America commercial, you had 90 bps of deterioration in the core. And you call out the commercial property. Can you say how much that 90 bps would have been without that commercial property loss?
Evan Greenberg: We said that – I’m a little lost. The 90 bps is in the combined ratio.
Mike Phillips: That’s correct, yes.
Evan Greenberg: The loss ratio in North America commercial was 2 points. We told you 1 point was year-to-date property were losses outside the loss PIK and we said the other 1 point was casualty related. That’s casualty long-tail lines, which is casualty broadly, and that was in line with our loss PIKs all year, no change. That’s just rate and trend.
Mike Phillips: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Phil gave you that.
Mike Phillips: No, perfect. Thanks. And then I guess on those three buckets again that was just asked, do you have any concerns on what you see in that second layer kind of filtering back down into the first layer that you talked about, the first bucket?
Evan Greenberg: No. We’re not seeing it that way. And think about it a little bit. The average loss always it increases by the normal trend factor in the primary layer. Frequency has been pretty steady. It’s always jittery a little bit, but steady. And the severity has risen at a kind of a normal loss cost trend. But what it does is when attachment points and that’s what I was trying to say in excess don’t change over years and years and years, the more losses bleed into that layer. Do you get it? And that’s separate from the larger one-offs that large excess losses that I talked about. I broke bucket two down into two pieces for you. And so to answer your question, no, I don’t see that. Actually, it’s the opposite.
Mike Phillips: Thank you, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Ryan Tunis: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Evan, I wanted to go back to your comment in your prepared remarks where you said that conditions are sustainable. I was just a little bit confused on what in particular is sustainable? Is it the pricing environment, is it where you view the loss trend environment, just I guess maybe a little more specificity on that please?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, buddy, you’re over thinking it. I was talking about the underwriting and pricing environment only.
Ryan Tunis: Got it, so broadly speaking. I guess my follow up --
Evan Greenberg: The trend we see in pricing and underwriting, we see – in the areas that this is impacting, we see it continuing.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then I guess my follow up is keeping it on this discussion about – it sounds like – and I might be wrong on this, but it sounds like there might be a difference between the conversation about loss trend and the conversation about loss PIKs. Like for instance, Phil mentioned that – sorry, Evan --
Evan Greenberg: Go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: So Phil’s comment that because of casualty lines in North America, your loss ratio deteriorated a point. That’s similar to previous quarters but in previous quarters you seemingly didn’t have quite as much rate. So is it such that there’s an uncertain enough loss environment that you’re observing a certain level of trend but maybe you’re saying we should – out of abundance of conservatism just continue to set loss PIKs a little bit higher and that’s why that’s perhaps staying at a point or was it more simple than that and I just have that wrong.
Evan Greenberg: It’s more simple than that. I’m trying to understand what your – how you’re thinking about it. But remember, the loss ratio is based on earned rate not written rate. And it’s earned rate over – the loss PIK you have, the earned rate goes into. Again, you trend losses forward. We have an overall loss trend factor of 4.5. We had an earned rate of whatever it was in those long-tail areas. That went into us imagining a loss PIK for the year in those casualty areas of X and that has remained steady. We have not changed the loss ratios we have selected in any of our casualty areas.
Ryan Tunis: So if more of that earned rate comes in, we would expect that point of deterioration to moderate?
Evan Greenberg: Then the earned premium grows, then you look at the loss cost trend for each line and you decide does it remain the same or does it go up or go down?
Ryan Tunis: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Best I can give, Ryan. That’s why I’m not prognosticating future, I go back to that, but based on what I see right now, I got a 4.5 loss cost trend and I’ve got – and that is blend of all lines of business and we’ve got rate that exceeds loss cost trend in North America on a written basis.
Operator: Next is Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. Evan, I’m just curious. Are you getting tightening terms and conditions and enough to maybe ameliorate some of this loss cost trend going forward, or should we not think about it that way?
Evan Greenberg: Are we getting changes in terms and conditions?
Brian Meredith: Yes, tightening enough to maybe – the 4.5% that you’re seeing are some of the social inflation?
Evan Greenberg: In some – and I don’t want to overstate it, so I don’t – you can’t take it in, in the overall. But we are getting more changes in deductibles, we’re getting changes in sub-limits, we’re getting changes in attachment points, in casualty excess and those things are all part and are ameliorating and we put values on those.
Brian Meredith: And that’s not in your – when you give us your price increases, that’s not included in that, is it?
Evan Greenberg: In some lines, it is, because where we can actually measure it, it is an exposure adjustment and then we take rate against exposure and we determine – where we can determine mathematically, that is the same thing as rate. So we consider it.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my follow-up question, Evan, I’m curious. PG&E I know it’s been talked about a little bit. There’s some nice subrogation that should be coming through there. What are your kind of thoughts on that subrogation? When could you potentially see some of that come through?
Evan Greenberg: I’m not going to speculate on that. But we don’t see any material or substantial future subrogation opportunity for Chubb from PG&E.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. I actually didn’t have another one, but I guess I’ll ask on agriculture. I think I asked last quarter on this as well. No, I don’t think anyone got to it. But, yes, I guess there was a little bit of a higher loss PIK there. I guess first of all, what does that incorporate? How much development can we potentially expect on that in the fourth quarter? And what are you still thinking a good combiner is to use for that business as we look out to 2020, or I guess in normalized annual combined ratio for the overall crop segment?
Evan Greenberg: I’ll just take that last part. We’ve run in the high 80s to 90 historically and we don’t see a change to that. And by the way, looking at the last number of years we had excellent results, the last few years in that business. It has a natural volatility. It’s crops. It has both a nutritional and a CAT-like nature to it. And this year we’re going to have a less than average year for that business. And let me turn it over to John Lupica for a minute to give you a little more color on that.
John Lupica: Yes. Thanks, Evan. Ryan, so we certainly adjusted the year-to-date numbers in the quarter based on what we know today. And we still have to capture all the yields from the field before we can really put a final number. The nice part about the yield is prices are pretty much at base prices. We finish out the October harvest price schedule. So due to the delay in [indiscernible], the harvest period has been pushed out five or six weeks. So I think by the end of the year we’ll obviously have a better sense of the year. And as Evan noted, we don’t see any change off our expectations. We certainly expect it to be in that low 90s area.
Evan Greenberg: Low 90s combined for the fourth quarter would be about where we would imagine if nothing changes from what we know now. But God, there’s a lot of unknowns out there. We have no idea right now about yields. We just don’t know.
Ryan Tunis: Perfect. And I guess I’ll ask one more. Workers’ comp, Evan, obviously there’s been some rate pressure. How are you seeing absolute levels of profitability there? Are – there are few opportunities at one point. What’s the outlook right now on workers’ comp?
Evan Greenberg: For Chubb that’s not a growth area at this time. It has – loss cost trends have been quite benign. And the industry has responded with a lot of competition and lowering the prices, some of it rational, some of it to us, just beginning to overshoot that mark. And the benign loss cost environment it’s questionable whether that will remain. And so we have been – as rates have been coming down, we have been exerting more discipline in that area. It has not been a growth area for us. And I’m speaking about first-dollar primary risk transfer business. In our risk management business, that’s a whole different book and that’s where the – that’s a large account where it’s self insured or self funded on some basis and we provide all kinds of services and we provide excess coverage. And there that’s an area that we’re quite active and probably the largest writer of that in the United States and we have a lot of knowledge and capability. And that’s where the client has skin in the game, and so that we treat different.
Ryan Tunis: It makes sense. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Good morning. I know it’s early days with regard to other catastrophe loss potential in 4Q, but any initial perspective on Typhoon Hagibis and the California wildfires and looking at that relative to what was a pretty heavy catastrophe loss a year ago in the fourth quarter, around 8 points of catastrophe losses on the combined ratio, how should we think about that?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you should think that this is the end of October, so we’re one-third through the movie. And I can’t tell you how the movie ends. I didn’t see it before. So I don’t know. We’re in the risk business and part of being in the risk business, we take catastrophe exposure. And so I don’t wring my hands about having catastrophe losses. I’m just concerned that we measured the exposure correctly and did we charge a proper price for taking the risk. Other than that, I’m going to have that volatility, so I’m not wringing my hands. On the Japan typhoon, so far from everything we know, it is not a significant event for Chubb. On the California wildfires there were ongoing right now. The only thing we know is the Tick Fire is the one that’s out and on that one, we didn’t have any losses. And on the other two, it’s just very early days and I’d rather not predict. And I don’t know what the outcomes will be at this moment. Our losses are very minor.
Jay Gelb: Right, understood. And then on a separate issue, I just wanted to follow up on the North America commercial. The gross rate in premium in the third quarter was up 10% year-over-year. Was there any one-timers in there that would have influenced that or was that kind of a true perspective on the growth rate that you’re now seeing in that business given improving market conditions?
Evan Greenberg: We didn’t have anything mega in the quarter, but we write large accounts there. And so we won a number of new large accounts and that’s what just gets baked into that, but nothing in particular that stands out to us.
Jay Gelb: So a strong acceleration in the core business.
Evan Greenberg: It was a strong growth quarter. We won a number of new large accounts in the quarter. But remember, it’s lumpy business. So I can’t tell you the next quarter is going to be the same. It bounces around a bit, but it was very good.
Jay Gelb: Understood. That’s great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: We liked everything we saw about how the market behaved and moved towards us in terms of rates and terms.
Jay Gelb: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hi. Good morning. Just had a question – and I appreciate the color on the three buckets. Just wanted to get a little bit more detail on when you really saw or have seen an acceleration in the loss trends in the last two buckets? And specifically if you’ve seen any increase over the last couple of quarters that you’d note?
Evan Greenberg: Nothing over the last couple of quarters that we’d note. I’ve been talking about this. If you go back into shareholder letters, into quarterly commentaries, we’ve been talking about this for two years.
David Motemaden: Got it. So no meaningful acceleration beyond what you’ve been mentioning, okay, that’s helpful. And then just on the PPD in North America commercial, the [indiscernible] obviously went into effect this quarter. Just wondering any early indications you got on your exposure there and if that was an element that led to the lower year-over-year PPD?
Evan Greenberg: No, zero, number one. Number two, I think you’re referring to New York. California went into effect, I believe the governor signed it last week and there are a number of other states that are in the middle of passing reviver statute now. We have no way at this point of estimating the exposure and ultimately loss to Chubb in that. And so you’re at the very beginning, it’s way too early.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we’ll take our final question from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks very much. Evan, I was wondering if there’s any way of quantifying broadly how much of the current insurance market is adequately priced compared to a year ago.
Evan Greenberg: Meyer, we haven’t done – we haven’t added it up that way or thought about it that way. And when you say the market, that’s asking – I cannot tell you the adequacy of the ocean overall. So, no.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough. The second question, given – I don’t know whether it’s external – whether issues with the underlying chronological changes. Is there any way of assessing what loss trend is for North America property lines?
Evan Greenberg: There’s no way for you to assess that, but we can assess that.
Meyer Shields: Can you tell us what you’ve come up with?
Evan Greenberg: And it will vary – Meyer, I’m not disclosing it, but it will vary – we’re not going into sub-lines, but it will vary – we have a number of property portfolio. We have first-dollar property that is admitted risk, we have first-dollar property that is E&S and they behave differently. We have excess property. And we have other coverages that go along with them and then we have large account property. And it all behaves a little bit differently.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: This does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the call back over to today’s presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Chubb's June 30, 2019 second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance and growth opportunities, pricing and business mix, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. See our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll then take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, I'll turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we had a very good second quarter highlighted by excellent underwriting and strong premium revenue growth globally in constant dollars that is benefitting from favorable underwriting conditions and our various growth initiatives. In fact, the positive pricing in underwriting environment continued to improve through the quarter and spread to more classes and segments of business. Core operating income was $1.2 billion with $2.60 per share down 3% due to modestly higher year-on-year CAT losses. Book and tangible book value per share were up 3.2% and 4.7% respectively in the quarter, they’re now up 7.7% and nearly 12% for the year. Combination of income and the mark derived from falling interest rates. Our combined ratio of 90.1%, included 3.8 points of CAT losses, and 2.6 points of favorable prior period reserve development. So, on a current accident year basis, excluding CAT, the combined ratio was 88.9%. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, CAT and prior period development. Turning to growth, P&C premium revenue in the quarter, in constant dollars was quite strong. Net premiums return grew 6% with foreign exchange having a negative impact of 1.8 percentage points. The pricing environment continued to firm through the quarter and we took advantage of some of the best pricing we’ve seen in years. The rate of increase of prices accelerated while at the same time it spread to more classes of business and more classes of risk. Rates continue to firm in the U.S. for major accounts in E&S specialty to the middle market. We continued to observe favorable conditions in the London wholesale market and in Australia with their early signs, firming conditions are spreading to the U.K. company market and to certain classes of risk on the continent and Europe and Southeast Asia. Overall, where rates are moving, they’re firming broadly to varying degrees in most all short and long-tail classes. Accompanying price increases, terms and conditions are tightening in certain classes. In my judgment given some of the market dislocation we’ve observed including a reset of risk appetite on the part of some, this firming trend is sustainable and will likely continue to accelerate and spread. It is income and loss reserve driven, not capital driven. Overall prices increased in North America commercial on a written basis by about 7% in the quarter versus a loss cost trend in aggregate of just 4.5%. Renewal price change includes both rate and exposure; the rate was up 6.3 and exposure a half a point. Pricing improved throughout the quarter in many property and casualty related areas including general casualty, both primary and excess, D&O and professional lines. As more business comes into our underwriting appetite and price range and other carriers take corrective actions, we are benefiting from a flight to quality. All things being equal many buyers prefer Chubb. New business in our North America commercial lines was up over a 11% in the quarter with major accounts and specialty up nearly 15%. Retention of our customers remained strong across all of our North America Commercial and Personal P&C businesses with renewal retention as measured by premium of 93.5%. In major accounts and specialty commercial, excluding agriculture, premiums were up 7% with major up 5.5 and Westchester E&S up over 9%. Renewal price change for major accounts was 8.5% with risk management pricing up 6.3%, excess casualty up almost 10%, and property up nearly 18.5%. Public D&O rates increased to 11%. In our Westchester business renewal pricing was up over 9.5%. Turning to our middle market and small commercial business, premiums overall were up over 4.5%. Renewal retention in our middle market business was 92%. Middle market pricing was up over 4.5% and if you exclude workers' comp, it was up nearly 5%. Again, this is the best we've seen in a number of years. The middle market pricing for primary casualty was up 4.5%, property 6.5%, excess umbrella up over 6% and public D&O rates were up 18%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums in the quarter were down 2%, but adjusting for the expanded reinsurance that we have discussed in the past and an accounting change that impacted growth prior year, net premiums written were up about 2.5. Retention remained strong at 96% and for homeowners pricing was up nearly 10% in the quarter.
[: In our London wholesale business, we continued to see a reduction in capacity and rates firming across multiple lines of business. We are also seeing a significant increase in submissions to Chubb, as brokers worry about the continuity of markets as they look to us as a preferred carrier of choice. Overall rates in our London open market business were up over 9%, property was up 23.5%, marine cargo almost 7.5%, aviation was up 12 and onshore energy was up 15%. D&O rates in the London wholesale market were up 20%. Our life insurance business had a strong quarter and half year with a contribution to earnings of 76 million year-to-date. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter including current market conditions and pricing trends. In closing this was a good quarter for Chubb. We have momentum from affirming market, flight to quality and our various global growth initiatives. We're achieving rate which is supporting margins and helping ameliorate exposures we observe on the loss side. In some we have some wind in our sails and we're taking advantage of it. Our organization is focused, energized and hungry. With that I'll turn the call over to Phil.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remain quite strong. We have a $107 billion portfolio, cash and high quality investments that is well rated and liquid and we are generating substantial capital, a significant positive cash flow. Cash flow in the quarter was $1.4 billion. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $720 million to shareholders including $344 million in dividends and $376 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date through yesterday, we have repurchased over 800 million in shares at an average price of $140 per share. In June, we paid off $500 million of debt that matured and issued $1.3 billion of 8 and 12 year debt in the European market. The net proceeds will be used to repay our $1.3 billion senior debt at maturity in November 2020. The debt was issued at an average rate of 1.14%. We grew tangible book value per share by 4.7% in the quarter and 11.9% year-to-date. Since the close of the Chubb acquisition in 2016, tangible book value per share has fully recovered from the initial 29% dilution even excluding the favorable impact of unrealized gains. Our annualized core operating ROE in the quarter was 9.3% and our annualized core operating return on tangible equity was 15.2%. As a reminder, Chubb records a change in the fair value mark on its private equity funds as realized gain. So therefore, it is not included in core operating income. Other companies record the impact of the mark as part of their investment income. This quarter we had after-tax realized gains of $237 million which would increase our core operating EPS by $0.51 and our annualized core operating ROE to 11.1%. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $902 million pre-tax which was higher than our estimated range and benefited from a one-off accrual adjustment of $9 million and increased corporate bond fall activity. During the quarter, interest rates continued to decline as financial markets anticipated a shift in Fed policy towards monetary easing. This favorably impacted our portfolio mark-to-market resulting in an after-tax unrealized gain of $1 billion. Although market yields have declined significantly in recent months, we will remain conservative in our investment strategy and do not contemplate any significant shift in asset allocation. Our investment income going forward will continue to benefit from growth in our invested assets and will be impacted by the level of market interest rates. Despite the negative impact of lower rates, we expect net investment income to grow moderately due to our growth in invested assets and strong cash flow. We now expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income run rate to be in the range of $890 million to $900 million going forward. Adjusted interest expense was $145 million pre-tax in the quarter. Factoring in the debt to mature and the new Euro debt issue in June, we expect our quarterly adjusted interest expense to remain the same for the balance of the year. Pre-tax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $275 million principally from U.S. weather-related events. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of a $188 million pre-tax or $152 million after tax. This included $48 million of pre-tax adverse development on prior year catastrophe losses principally for hurricane Irma and typhoon JV primarily in our assumed reinsurance operation and $25 million pre-tax adverse development related to our runoff non-A&E casualty exposures. The remaining favorable development of $261 million is split approximately 90% from long-tail lines principally from accident years 2015 and prior and 10% from short-tail lines. Foreign currency movement adversely impacted core operating income by $23 million in the quarter. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves increased $831 million reflecting catastrophe losses in the quarter and the seasonal increase in our crop reserve offset by favorable prior period development. A paid-to-incurred ratio was 87%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 15.3% which is in line with our annual expected range of 14% to 16%. Through six months, our core operating effective tax rate was 15%. I'll turn the call back to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mike Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mike Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. First question on Evan on your comments of what's driving the rate activity. I believe you said something like its income and reserve driven not capital driven. So, I guess want to know if you can expand upon that kind of implies there's going to be some timing of reserve issues and maybe what you've seen and why you mentioned are reserve driven?
Evan Greenberg: Well, just simply the rate has not kept pace with loss cost trend and that puts pressure on income and it puts pressure ultimately on reserves. You're either I think that it just imply, it shows what it implies the balance sheets over time, and have less redundancy in them. And for some are adequate, for others and become negative for others. And you have a loss cost environment that in many ways in the headlines is stable. But you have areas of casualty and catastrophe's and other areas within the business where there is volatility. And there is trend pressure. And so, my comments meant to imply all of that. What I was saying to you is income and balance sheet not capital driven that there was a dearth of capital. There is plenty of capital around and but it is more disciplined at this moment and it comes to its deployed with the rate and terms are more adequate.
Mike Phillips: Okay. Well, thank you, that's helpful. I guess if I could turn specifically to North America commercial lines, where I guess dependent on what you use for 2Q '18 with your comments from last year, the structure settlement term had some impact there. So, the core loss ratio deteriorated about a 70 bips or a 170 bips dependent on how you adjust for that. Our set looks like kind one of the highest core loss ratios that's seen in a while. We heard Trevor just now talk about non- CAT weather, I'm not sure if any of that came into play here for that segment for you or what else truly uptick and maybe has your view of loss trends and that segment -- since last quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Let look at North America commercial P&C that's looking on a current accident year ex-CAT. Last year ran an 80 74 combined ratio. This year ran an 80 79 combined ratio. I mean, simply outstanding world class and in the 80s. So, let's have that perspective. We wrote the same volume of LPTs this year that we did last year and so no impact from that. It was simply rate and trend naturally, not a non-CAT weather or any of that, just simply rate and trend something I've been saying for many quarters. Thanks for the question.
Mike Phillips: Alright, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Evan, is also just going back I guess to some of your comments to the previous question on just what you're seeing with loss trend. You guys seeing any trend changes and that TOD environment. And I know there is a lot of different classes that went together but that 4.5% of trend that you said in the book for North America commercial. Can you give us some perspective on how that would compare and maybe it's not number, it's just for qualitatively to what you're seeing in some recent quarters?
Evan Greenberg: Sure, Elyse. In the aggregate in the round, it's a loss cost trend is stable; we haven’t seen a change in it. As you rightfully note though within that, it varies by class of business and area of business, we've talked for a number of quarters for quite some time now about professional lines D&A in particular and I won't repeat or go into what we've talked about. But simply about the increase of frequency and in some areas severity in that. In the TOD environment, generally there has been less of an increase of frequency but and in there had been headlines of increase in severity during of what's paces in here, see it from commercial lot owed to products liability that is chemical related. And then, the trend from of TOD from #MeToo and molestation and the specter in the future of the reviver statutes which is unknowable at the time. There is and then the Australian market behaves a certain and TOD and the London market U.K. where D&O had deteriorated. So, you have it varies by area and by class of business, comp on the other hand behaved very well. General liability behaves in a steady way, reasonably steady. So, I hope that helps you.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes, that's helpful. And then, on you said kind of and talking to the core margin within North America commercial that the delta between this Q2 and last Q2 is really just to rate versus trend. You see, in on your comments this quarter and also last quarter pretty bullish on pricing and the fact that you would think it would continue. So, do you think where reaching the point where obviously it takes a while to earn in the rate but if you keep getting this rate and accelerates, do you think as we get into 2020 you can think about that being an environment where there will be come core margin improvement?
Evan Greenberg: We're in the risk business, so I can project the numerator reasonably well to you. I can't reject and prognosticate the denominator. The denominator I can project, I can't quite project the numerator the same way to you because we are in a risk business. And so, look rate exceeding trend is a simple statement, it's an ameliorating factor and that's a good thing. We'll see what its impact is on margin in the future.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And the, one last quick numbers question. You guys mentioned you've added a little bit to your Debby last in the quarter. What are you guys taking that as for ensure loss for the overall industry right now?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t have a number in my head, my colleagues around the table don’t but will we'll take it offline with you, we'll give you a number.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Going with the North America commercial, so Evan, you're talking about world class margins there and loss trends that are stable. I guess, do you need more rate in that segment today or is this maybe an opportunity to try and take market share or others are still pushing free?
Evan Greenberg: It varies by class of business and there is no general statement. Some classes are adequately priced, some classes need rate and terms and conditions changes and some classes need substantial rate. And so, it varies, it's there is no other simple box for that. But as I think you can see our new business is up, our renewal retention is high or in a more favorable underwriting environment and where it make sense to us and we've got a lot of data and a lot of experience, we're leaning right into it.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you. And then, I guess if I shift to the investment portfolio. So, it sounds like apart from comments that you're not really looking for any change in direction here even with the change in monitory policy. One thing I did notice was an increase in duration sequentially. Is there a strategic move or was that just of normal quarterly noise or movement?
Philip Bancroft: It was simply tactical, at the end of last year we had a decrease to duration because we were getting paid to take duration risk. And with the course of this year it's drifted up slightly but to the extent it's within half a point or half a year or four years, we don’t think there's any material impact on our investment income.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So, you're not necessarily looking to extend duration here?
Philip Bancroft: We're not.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you.
Philip Bancroft: Welcome.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hi thanks, good morning. So, clearly in terms and conditions, rate have accelerated improved throughout the year. Evan, would you say on the other side that loss trend today is it' some more challenging environment in over six months ago?
Evan Greenberg: No. Let's say its if I compare six months ago to today, it's stable.
Ryan Tunis: Fair enough. And then, I guess I'll be the annoying one to ask about the crop but just curious what the thought process was in and how you're thinking about the planting, so it didn’t look like you put up a loss taking agriculture, I'm not sure if you did but just in your thoughts there.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Let me make just a couple of comments about that. And it's not an annoying, I would be surprised if when you didn’t ask about it. First of all, we did put up the loss ratio about 2.5 points this quarter. So, but what you have to recognize it's on a low earned premium base at this time of year. And it is not signaling at this point what you should imagine for third quarter or for fourth quarter at all. Given the weather conditions this spring and potential impact on prevented planting or delayed planting along with the volatility that in commodity prices, impact by trade and other factors, its natural the questions raised about what kind of year we're anticipating for crop. So, in a word it's "unknowable." Our modals under various scenarios moving toward roughly average year. However, the actually tally or prevented planting claims, the summer growing season conditions and therefore the result in quality of the crop commodity prices and then the full harvest weather conditions are rolled to play out all of that's in front of us. So, we simply raised our loss ratio modestly in the second quarter as a naturally conservative action very little bit that we can say.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: But it's unknowable when if you know, then I'll tell you what but and we're going to make a lot of money in hedging in commodities. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Congrats in the quarter. I want to ask, if I make my own assumption about where we are from pricing versus loss cost spread. Is there anything in either the North America commercial or the overseas more business mix and that this is exchange, they would affect though that sort of simple calculation for me?
Evan Greenberg: You have to explain. I'm not really sure what you're asking me Paul.
Paul Newsome: So what I'm asking is, is the natural business mix all things being equal going to be for a business that has lower or higher combined ratios because I think we're all making an assumption of whether or not Chubb hit a point where the earnings or the price increases are above claim costs inflation that gives us an estimate of where we think we're going to see the inflexion margins. But that calculation assumes basically that the business mix is the same in the various segments?
Evan Greenberg: The business mix within the segments is reasonably steady. There's a big book of business. So there is not big shift taking place. There's always, every quarter it changes is jittery, but in the round at some, the mix is quite steady.
Paul Newsome: And then, I'm sorry I'm going to beat on crop a little bit, but is there a chance that given the delay in the harvest, we could see a change in the premium recognition from mainly in third to more in the fourth?
Evan Greenberg: No. 
Paul Newsome: Okay, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: It's formulaic. So, no.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple here for you. First, I'm just curious in the overseas area Evan, reserve releases kind of really slowed down on year-over-year basis, were there any kind of one-timers there that was going on?
Evan Greenberg: No, there was not.
Brian Meredith: And then, the growth you're seeing. No, one timers, got you. And the growth you're seeing in that overseas where's it coming from? Is that some of these new distribution relationships you have, other things going on?
Philip Bancroft : Brian this is one on dry day. The growth is actually pretty broad based as Evan said in his opening remarks, we certainly are seeing a pretty good growth coming out of our London wholesale market operation as we see the market continuing to firm and we see contraction and capacity there. But underlying all of that and particularly for our retail businesses, it's really our strategies continuing to gain traction and I'm talking about our strategies in the small commercial, the middle market, accident and health personal lines on a global basis. The distribution agreements are certainly doing well. We are getting good traction on all of that so I would say it's really a combination of our organic strategies in addition to the right that we're continuing to see now.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Thank you and good morning. Given the ongoing shifts we're seeing and tightening in the commercial property casualty insurance market, Evan I'm wondering if in this environment it might shift your thinking on mergers and acquisitions at all?
Evan Greenberg: No. Steady and it doesn't shift with the times that way. So we know, I've been very consistent in when I ask this for many years now. We are builders and we're a company of builders and we have a strategy to grow our company organically. And acquisitions complement that strategy. They help to advance it or improve upon it in any and the strategy is product segment of customer distribution and territory oriented. And when we identify the right target or partner and financials and we judge it to advance our strategy and in a positive way and will be accretive to our shareholders, their capital then we know our minds and we will pull that trigger.
Jay Gelb: That's helpful, thank you. Just a follow-up on that with the potential for acquisitions to complement organic growth, is that imply you're more focused on bolt-on acquisitions as opposed to something larger or transformational?
Evan Greenberg: We're agnostic.
Jay Gelb: Understood, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: I am sorry, there's not really more to say there.
Operator: We will take our final question from Meyer Shields of KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, good morning. And I was hoping you could talk about what you're seeing in reinsurance. We're getting a lot of commentary that's very positive especially on the CAT fee side, didn't see tremendous amount of growth in global reinsurance this quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The reinsurance market is, I think modestly tightening. I think for the most part reinsures are riding on the backs of primary riders and if they feel pressure in their own income or balance sheet statements then they're more taking action by seasons they select and they're banking on seasons to get better rates and terms that ultimately feed into their results. It's more unusual than we've seen in the past typically we would have seen a change in market pricing cycles more reinsurance led that doesn't happen. And I think in many cases reinsures their results are inferior due that of insurers’ results and other than Chubb, I'm surprised they don't take more action in their underwriting positions on reinsurance. And that they don't drive higher pricing, better terms themselves. I can't prognosticate the future, but so far I see it's relatively modest, the changes, the terms and conditions and pricing in the reinsurance market.
Meyer Shields: That's very helpful, thanks. And second, Chubb came out with a fairly strong statement on climate change in the context of which entity you're willing to underwrite. Has that changed, I guess loss trend assumptions for property risk?
Evan Greenberg: No. You're referring to the decision we took on coal.
Meyer Shields: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: And it's a de-minimis portion of our writings.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect, thanks so much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we will take our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing my question. Evan in the past you've commented on the impact of the tariffs and trade wars that seemed to be evolving from quarter-to-quarter and I wanted to give you an opportunity to give us an update on how you think the current environment has affected your business and what we should be thinking about in our calculus about the results going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We grew our overseas business by 9% in the quarter and you see it broad based. So I don't see a linkage between tariffs and the health of Chubb's business and our business is more idiosyncratic. They are active in local markets around the world where you're impacted by their local economic plus their trade and their trade related economic invention. So, yes both. Look when it comes to, I'm not in favor of tariffs as a strategy and I'm not in favor of putting the walls up and bring in your supply chains home. This is a globalized world in terms of trade and world led by a vision, America's vision of global trade. I continue to stand behind that and think that's the best path to peace and prosperity for the citizens of our nation. And so, I hope that we will engage more in reaching conclusions to trade agreements than imposing further tariffs. Obviously, the degree that the tariffs and other actions, other protectionist actions taken slow down economic growth around the world, this country is not immune and the insurance industry is then not immune because we grow, we're exposure driven, not about premium, premium is a proxy for exposure, we grow based on growth of exposure globally. An economic activity grows or contracts exposure.
Greg Peters: Speaking about industries, one of the themes that has emerged for I guess, a couple of years now is pricing, price increases in commercial auto and I'm trying to reconcile the desire by the insurance market to raise prices on the trucking industry with the news it seems like every other week we're hearing about troubles in the trucking industry whether it's LME or Timmerman Starlite. And so, I'm curious what your perspective is on the balance between rate and fiscal survival of an industry?
Evan Greenberg: We are not responsible for the fiscal survival of any industry except our own and I know from my perspective, I'm a fiduciary of shareholder capital that expects a reasonable return if we deploy that capital towards the trucking industry to take insurance risk. I can tell you that Chubb writes a fair amount of trucking related long, medium and short haul exposure. We work with clients who are embracing modern technology and that exists today and they've got strong balance sheets to lower their loss costs, to reduce their exposures, to police driver behavior and that results in amelioration of lost costs rises and therefore the premiums we charge, it's a pretty rational circle of life there. And for those who simply operate in a less professional manner and can't police their loss cost will be to buy insurance the price is going to be reflected, that's it.
Greg Peters: I'm not trying to suggest that you have financial responsibility for the trucking industry. I just realized that everyone wants to raise prices on long-haul trucking, etcetera and yet it seems like a lot of the long-haul truckers are having a lot of headwinds and their survival is in question. So there's a balance to be had exposed between charging higher prices and actually not being able to have a customer insure at all?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but if it was and I understand what you're saying. If it was to raise prices to earn unreasonable margins were to earn any margin. I mean, right now the trucking business is not, that's never been an easy business and to make any money in trucking. So is it better if you can't make any money to just say then I won't insure it at all. They are uninsurable. They can't buy insurance. Now you go out of business instantly versus you're going to work with those who can work with themselves and help to reduce loss costs and ameliorate price and so I tell you there's not a one-size-fits-all in trucking. There are those who are quite professional and we work with them and they have far more modest price increases than say those who don't have the wherewithal or capability or desire to embrace technologies that will help to ameliorate that rise in their loss cost. The best they can do for you.
Greg Peters: Okay, great, thanks for your answers.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And this does conclude today's question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Karen Beyer for additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to seeing you again next quarter. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over Karen Beyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Chubb's March 31, 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance and growth opportunities, pricing and business mix, and economic and market conditions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. See our recent SEC filings, earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll then take your questions. Also with us today to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, I'll turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. We had a very good first quarter, highlighted by good underwriting results, strong premium revenue growth globally, and the best pricing environment in U.S. and London wholesale market in maybe 5 years. Core operating income of $2.54 per share was up 8.5% from prior year. Book and tangible book value per share were up 4.3% and about 7% respectively in the quarter. We reported a P&C combined ratio of 89.2%, which included 3.8 points of CAT losses, and favorable prior period reserve development of 3.1 points, to $104 million pre-tax. On a current accident year basis, excluding CAT, the P&C combined ratio was 88.5%, simply world class. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, CAT, prior period reserve development. P&C premium revenue growth in the quarter, in constant dollars was quite strong, and frankly, better than we anticipated in our plans for the quarter. Net premiums grew just over 5%. Our foreign exchange given the strength of the dollar then had a negative impact of 2.2 percentage points. During the quarter and through April, the pricing environment continued to improve with overall price change in North America on a written basis equaled the loss cost trend. In addition to property, pricing improved throughout the quarter in many casualty related areas including general casualty, both primary and excess, and D&O and professional lines. Renewal price change, which includes both rate and exposure, was up over 5%. Retention of our customers remained strong across all of our North America Commercial and Personal P&C businesses, with renewal retention as measured by premium of over 94%. In major accounts in specialty commercial, excluding agriculture, premiums were up 4%. Renewal price change for major accounts was 4.8%, with risk management pricing up 5%, excess casualty up 7% and property up nearly 9%. Public D&O rates increased 5.5%. In our Westchester E&S business, renewal pricing was up 8%. Turning to our middle market and small commercial business in North America, premiums overall were up about 6.5%, our strongest quarter in terms of growth since the merger. New business was up 13% and renewal retention in our middle market business was over 91%. Middle market pricing was up 3%. And excluding workers' comp, it was up 4.2%, again, that's the best we've seen in a number of years. The middle market pricing for primary casualty, pricing was up about 7%. Excess umbrella was up 4.3%, and D&O was up 9%. In our U.S. small commercial business, premium revenue continued its positive growth momentum, with net premiums up over 40%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written in the quarter were up 1%, adjusted for the expanded quota share session we discussed last quarter, net premiums were up about 2.5%. Retention remained quite strong at over 96%, with homeowners pricing was up over 8% in the quarter. Turning to Overseas General Insurance operations, we had reasonable growth, which we expect to accelerate as the year moves along, particularly in Asia. Net premiums written for our international retail division were up 5.7% in constant dollar. And FX then had a negative impact of 5.8 percentage points. Growth was led by Latin America, premiums up almost 13%, while premiums in Europe were up 4.2%, and Asia was up 4% or 8% adjusting for a onetime positive item last year. International growth in the quarter was driven by both commercial and consumer lines. Consumer lines were up 6%, personal lines were up 5% and driven by Latin America growth of 17.5% and A&H was up 5%, driven by double-digit growth in both Latin America and Japan. Net premiums for our London market wholesale business were up nearly 15% in the quarter in constant dollar. As I noted last quarter, this business is growing again on the back of improved pricing after several years of shrinking. Pricing conditions in our international retail and London wholesale businesses vary by line and by country. Overall rates in our retail were up 2%, while rates in London wholesale open market business were up over 8%. Property up over 8%, financial lines up 13% and marine up about 6.5%, and finally aviation up 18%. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. Since the beginning of the year, we've completed a couple of important transactions that represent important opportunities, which will feed growth in the future. In January, we entered into a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with Banco de Chile. The largest bank based in that country. We will distribute life and general insurance products to their customers throughout their branches, telemarketing and digital channels. Banco de Chile has a long track record, it successfully marketing insurance to its more than 2 million banking customers. In March, we received approval to increase our ownership in Huatai Insurance Group, a holding company of P&C, life and asset management subsidiaries. Huatai Group's insurance operations have more than 600 branches and 11 million customers. With our increased stake, Huatai Group became the first domestic Chinese financial services holding company to convert to a foreign invested joint venture. Our increased ownership is an important milestone towards our future goal of majority ownership. In closing, we're off to a good start to the year. We're achieving increased growth in many of our businesses globally and momentum continues to build, a benefit of our broadly diversified presence and capabilities. We are experiencing continued and even accelerated pricing increases. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil numbering back and take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We are starting out the year in an exceptionally strong financial position. We have a very strong balance sheet to support our business activities with total capital exceeding $65 billion. We also have a $105 billion portfolio of cash and investments, it's highly rated in liquid and we generated operating cash flow of $1.3 billion in the quarter. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we've returned $702 million to shareholders, including $335 million in dividends and $367 million in share repurchases. Though yesterday, we repurchased shares for over $435 million and an average price of $134.17 per share. Since the Chubb acquisition, we have reduced our dilution on tangible book value per share from 29% to about 2.5%. Our annualized core operating ROE was 9.2% and our annualized core operating return on tangible equity was 15.1%. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $1.6 billion after-tax. There was a gain of $1.4 billion in the investment portfolio due to decline in interest rates and $50 million gain from our variable annuity portfolio, primarily from the improvement in the equity markets. We also had a gain of $150 million from FX. The current quarter investment income of $882 million was within our previously communicated range. We continue to expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income run rate to be in the range of $880 million to $890 million. As a remainder, as we discussed previously, we reduced the utilization of our cash liquidity program. On a basis of utilization comparable to last year's first quarter, our investment income would have been $902 million, $20 million higher than reported this quarter. And our interest expense would have been $165 million, also $20 million higher than reported in the quarter. Pre-tax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $250 million, 90% from weather-related events in the U.S. and the balance from international events, primarily in Australia. The catastrophe losses were about 20% higher than we expected, which was worth about $0.06 on our EPS. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $240 million - $204 million pre-tax or $161 million after-tax, which included $61 million pre-tax related to the 2018 crop year loss estimates. The remaining favorable development is split approximately 60% from short-tail lines and 40% long-tail, primarily from accident years 2014 and prior. Net loss reserves increased $39 million or decrease $63 million on a constant dollar basis, reflecting the impact of prior period development and catastrophe and crop insurance payments in the quarter. Underlying reserves increased about $560 million. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 98% for the quarter. After adjusting for the items noted previously, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 86%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.7%, which is in line with our expected range of 14% to 16%. I'll turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good - thank you. Good morning. My first question just, Evan, going back to some of your pricing and loss cost commentary from your prepared remarks, in North America specifically you said that written rate is now equal to loss trend. In your annual letter that recently came out, you did say that pricing in the U.S. and some other market is not keeping pace with loss trend. So is that something that we saw change towards the end of the quarter and into April? If you could just expand on that and then give us your view for the rate versus trend that you see over the balance of this year.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. First of all, I'll answer your last part. I hardly - if I had that insight, I wouldn't be doing this job if I could read the future that way, Elyse, I would probably be in Vegas. But when I wrote my shareholder letter, it was about 2018 year, and it wasn't about the first quarter of 2019. And in 2019, in fact, in the first quarter, in total, all lines aggregated, rate on a written basis equaled loss cost trend and that is a change. The rate of increase is accelerating in short-tail and long-tail lines in the United States and in London wholesale in particular.
Elyse Greenspan: Does this feel like a market, where when you think, obviously, you don't want to project going forward? But does this feel like we're starting to get into a market where we can think about seeing some underlying margin improvement given that you made a point of saying that things really improved as we got into April?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I didn't say they really improved. I said, they continue to improve. And I don't want to prognosticate the future. Frankly, Chubb runs a world-class combined ratio. And if we can continue to achieve rate that equals loss cost trend in areas that are adequately priced, that's brilliant. If we can achieve rate in excess of loss cost trend in those areas that need rate, because margin is not adequate, that too is the objective, and we'll how it plays out and whether it continues to accelerate. I like the tone of the market. I like what I see and what I feel. It's rational and I see what appears to be continued forward momentum.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks, and then a couple of just quick numbers questions.
Evan Greenberg: And that's particularly in large account and in E&S business. Middle market, I would make the same comment, but it is not at the same rate of change that I observe in large account and E&S and that is wholesome as I think I can be with you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. That's very helpful. And then a couple of quick numbers questions for Phil. Can we get the FX impact on EPS in the quarter?
Philip Bancroft: Well, it was $23 million.
Evan Greenberg: We gave it on the first page of the press release.
Philip Bancroft: Yeah.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great.
Philip Bancroft: $23 million was the - that's on core operating income and it was about $18 million on underwriting.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great.
Evan Greenberg: And the percentage points are right on the first page of the press release.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, my last question, Phil, you said that net investment income and interest expense kind of had offsetting impacts of the $20 million. Is the Q1 interest expense the right way to think about using that number as a run rate?
Philip Bancroft: Yes, I would say that, I would use the netted number, right. So the - I would take $20 million out of the number that I gave for both investment income and for interest expense.
Evan Greenberg: You would add it to investment income. You'd take it away from interest expense.
Philip Bancroft: Interest income will down to the range of [80 to 890] [ph].
Evan Greenberg: Yes.
Philip Bancroft: And I take it out of interest expense.
Evan Greenberg: Correct.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Thanks. Thank you and good morning. For the Chubb team, there's been a number of fairly significant aircrafts, terrorism and likely ongoing cyber claims in the industry. Can you talk about how you manage those exposures and maybe your typical net risk after reinsurance protection on those types of risks?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you're talking about a variety of classes and we don't talk about - I'm not sure we're going to answer much of your question. We don't talk about individual losses. And the net limits we retain per risk really vary by risk and by class of business. And that's not something we really disclose and talk much about. But it's all - it is all rolled up. All the experience related to loss events are all rolled up in that combined ratio you're looking at.
Jay Gelb: It would be fair to say though, Evan, right, that it's - reinsurance is probably a significant risk mitigation factor in those type of exposures?
Evan Greenberg: Not necessarily. You don't know what risks we're on. And so, you're referring right now Boeing and then certain cyber events. And those are just individual insureds. And we're not - and some of them we're on and some of them we have modest exposures, some we have more exposure. It varies a whole lot.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Fair enough.
Evan Greenberg: But I have to say this. There is nothing we see in losses occurring in the industry that gives us any pause about Chubb's underwriting of any of those risks.
Jay Gelb: Understood, okay. And then…
Evan Greenberg: We do - we're underwriters, so we do post-claim underwriting reviews, when we see losses come in and we're in the business of losses. And what we really look for is are we proud of the underwriting, do we think the judgments and the appetite were correct, and the pricing was and the terms and conditions, and there's nothing in what we've seen that gives us pause.
Jay Gelb: I see. Okay. The broader question I had was, clearly, there is some favorable momentum in primarily commercial lines. If 2019 is not a major CAT year like we saw in the past two years, which I believe was the largest ever two-year period for the industry in terms of catastrophe experience. Do you believe that this positive price momentum can persist, if it is not a big CAT year, this year?
Evan Greenberg: I do. Because - look, time will tell. But I frankly do, because this is becoming casualty driven. And remember casualty entails insurance companies, not short-tail property. And casualty, you just all casualty related, so I'm using the term in a broad way with the exception of one or two classes, rate and loss cost trends have been going in the opposite direction. And loss cost trend depending on the class and the jurisdiction have worsened in some cases, because there is more pressure, because of the things that we know. And the industry has experienced in that. And I think many are just waking up to the results that are emerging for behaviors that have occurred over a number of years. So I think this is a rational reaction and I imagine it to continue.
Jay Gelb: Thank you, Evan. Does that mean that for maybe some of your weaker position competitors that they haven't trued up with their underwriting reserve position might be, if it's going to be the casualty-driven term?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you have to ask them. I'm not - I really can't speculate on that, because I don't know what they know and don't know.
Jay Gelb: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: If they all want to share their books with me, I'll tell you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. A couple of questions here for you. First one, I just notice North America, a big increase in the amount of ceded reinsurance. Did you change reinsurance buying habits this year?
Evan Greenberg: No. We didn't change. So that would just be idiosyncratic to the business in the quarter.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Just allocation and stuff like that…
Evan Greenberg: No. Risk management or crop insurance adjustments or any of that.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Okay. Excellent. And then, Evan, my second question…
Evan Greenberg: And then you do know though on personal lines we increased the quota share.
Brian Meredith: Right. Right. I was looking more…
Evan Greenberg: We [expanding] [ph] the quota share, as we told you last quarter that has an impact on that line of business. It's not that material to the overall North America.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Got you. I was looking more into your North America commercial operations. It was like 18.5% increase in ceded premium?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Not just - that's just the timing quarter-to-quarter.
Brian Meredith: Great. Great. And then I'm just curious, you're making a lot of contingent investments in emerging growth areas, China, et cetera. What are the margins on that business like versus your - kind of overall business? Is it better or worse? How should we think about that potentially over the long-term impacting your business?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I think, when you look at the - it varies. When you look at something like Banco de Chile or Banamex or some of the major bank related distribution agreements we have made. Those are at the kind of business that produces is at the lower end of our combined ratio of range. By the nature of the business, its consumer business and small commercial and accident and health, et cetera. China - and we're not consolidating China now, I hope that will occur in the medium-term, when we cross the majority ownership market. We're in the midst of our activity in front of us is to acquire more ownership. We're engaged in that activity though I can't give a precise timing. The life business is a fast growing business, and it is generating. It is now turning the corner and beginning to generate positive GAAP earnings, and I believe the biggest opportunity in China is Life Insurance.
Brian Meredith: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Just given them to macro. And we've got licenses, Huatai Life has licenses in all - in fundamentally, all the provinces. And the majority of those offices of 600 or life-related got 43,000 agents. Though, for China, that's small. I can imagine a company with 250,000. It would be years from now. The P&C business will run a combined ratio that will produce an underwriting profit. And it will - it won't be Chubb's average combined - the average of Chubb's combined ratio. It will be at the higher-end spectrum likely for a while. But that has - that too has very good potential. And I think, when I think of it in the early days right now. As we - when I say early days, the next few years. I imagine that when we consolidate, it will be at least neutral to our ROE.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And does that also go for the PICC relationship we have.
Evan Greenberg: Well, the PICC relationship is different. That's a venture to where we're like really the international arm of the PICC. Our Chinese business, it's overseas. And we do with the underwriting and the servicing and they do the marketing and relationship and sales side of it, and we share the business together.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Philips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning. I kind of want to touch this. A lot of comments on the rates and how they changed now or at the point where as you say were equal to loss cost trend. And it kind of a follow-up, I guess, to Jay Gelb's question a second ago. Maybe you could spend a little more time talking - help us understand the other side of equation, the loss cost trends. You said it worsened this year. It's casualty driven. And the rates and loss cost are moving in the opposite direction, and now it's not the case. But can you talk a little bit more about what you see in the loss cost? Where are they worsened, and maybe just more to the extent that they are worse this year versus last year?
Evan Greenberg: I did not say they're worse this year than last year. So please listen to what…
Michael Phillips: No. Right. Loss cost trends, it worsened, I heard you said them. Okay.
Evan Greenberg: No. No. I did not say they worsened. So again, please, you'll read the transcript and the question, I didn't say that. I said the overall - overall loss cost is behaving. We haven't seen a deterioration in overall loss cost trend. I was speaking about there are specific classes and that it's a mixed bag of some behaving, some not. And when you rapid altogether, I don't see a deterioration in the overall. But I did say these rates have not kept pace with loss cost in a number of years. And that naturally from the math is pretty simple as to what that equals. It equals margin pressure. And if you don't have margin pressure then I guarantee you've got reserve pressure. And that the industry is response to that, right now, I think, is rational. And I see it having legs based on all I know right now.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you for that clarification. I appreciate it. I guess, just a quick numbers question on the reserve side. Do you have any exposure to what - I guess, what [Travers had mentioned for that] [ph] Child Victims Act in New York, and so were there any reserves because of that?
Evan Greenberg: No. Mike, you want to…
Michael Smith: Sure. Evan, you'll recall, we recorded additional IBNR in the fourth quarter response to the difficult environment around molestation and abuse. That was not specifically related to the Child Victims Act, but it was in part a response to the trend in certain states to introduce revival legislation. By the way, I should also remind you a large number of states don't constitutionally allow for such legislation. At the New York, specifically, it's a fluid situation, it's too early predict the outcomes of any claims since the statue doesn't even take effect until August. So therefore, it's really premature to talk about in the potential impact.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Yeah, just a quick one on the Overseas General business, the - there was the - the development was very minimal in the quarter. I just didn't know if you had any exposure to spillover from events that occurred in 2018?
Evan Greenberg: No. We did not, Jay. We don't actually review much in the way of reserves in Overseas General in the first quarter. It's a couple of regions, there are short-tail business that we review in the quarter. And so you see that sometime just bounce around a bit. But nothing - there was no development in the quarter and we had no [jebby] [ph] development. By the way, which is what everyone's trying to talk about.
Jay Cohen: Exactly. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. First question is around the normalized CAT load. So I think you said that CATs were about $20 million in excess of your expectations. I think that gets about 3.5% CAT load…
Evan Greenberg: It was 20% more than our expectation.
Yaron Kinar: Oh, 20%.
Evan Greenberg: Right.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I missed that. Okay. That's helpful. And is there a reason that you stopped offering the normalized CAT load in the supplement?
Evan Greenberg: The normalized - oh, the ROE normalized CAT load? John?
John Keogh: We decided to put it into the commentary. There was no conscious…
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, there was nothing - yeah, there was no signal there that we - yeah.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Okay.
Evan Greenberg: There was nothing like we were - we had some change of philosophy or this or that. It wasn't - it was an item that we put in, particularly when we saw - when there was elevated CATs of significance, where it was a real CAT event quarter. And we just didn't see it this quarter is that. That's all.
Yaron Kinar: Fair. And given this quarter was ratably benign quarter from an industry perspective from a CAT load perspective. I guess, I was just a little bit surprised to see the CAT load being kind of close to 4% for the quarter. Are you still comfortable with your longer-term guidance or targets of under 4% for the year?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I - we are - we really are and when you think about how we do, which we've been quite transparent and we think that The Street's estimate are a pretty good proxy for what is our own work on expected CAT. And the way it's done. We model, obviously, the perils that have good models, hurricane and earthquake have reasonable models and we model our exposure based on that. And then, on non-model, tornado activity and flood and the like we look at long-term averages. We trend them, we adjust for our exposure. We adjust for reinsurance. And when you bake all that in, The Street's summary is pretty good. When I look at the number over our quote on quote expected. And expected is a quarter. In a quarter, you're just going to have volatility around that. And by the way on any annual basis, of course, you're going to have volatility. You're never - it's so hard that you're going to hit the actual expected. You're either going to be under it a little bit, you're going to be over it a little bit. I mean, that's just real world. And in any quarter, you're going to have a little volatility. Some of that was international related, because we had Australia. And I don't think - I'm not sure how you guys think about all that. And then, the balance was just in the homeowners' line and the winter storms that occurred and that's about it. So it didn't fuss us at all as we looked at it. And it didn't have us re-imagine CAT losses on an expected basis.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. That's helpful. And then when I look at the expense ratio and overseas general and global reinsurance, it seems to go up a little bit. Is that just business mix shift? Is there an FX impact there? Could you maybe walk us through what drove the increase?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, in overseas general, very simple, last year we had onetime items that benefited, and they were all around pension and compensation. And they were one time. And that we had over-accrual and that came down. And you normalize for that and the expense ratio is flat.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, and in global reinsurance?
Evan Greenberg: Global reinsurance is a mix of business question.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. Good morning. When we're in an environment where rate increases are matching loss trends, is there an internal expectation that various underwriting efforts should translate into margin expansion, because the external catalysts are neutral?
Evan Greenberg: Very line specific, where lines of business are more stressed or don't meet our combined ratio standards, then there we drive for more rate. We drive for change in terms and we reshape portfolio. And that is actively going on, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's all I had. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just following up on the question Meyer had, I mean, there is clearly some lines, we're seeing a lot of rate - excess casualty. And you said, plus 7, the middle market was just plus 3. I mean, I don't know, I guess, I'm curious, is there [8] [ph] in the pricing even a good indicator of - on a line-by-line basis of what's happening with margins? Like for instance, are the lines that are getting plus 7 likely to see more margin improvement than the lines that are only getting plus 3 or is that really just based on relative need?
Evan Greenberg: It's all based on relative need. You can't translate it. We can, but we don't - we're not disclosing that and we don't go there.
Ryan Tunis: So what are some areas, where you think that loss trend is - I'm sorry, the rate is below loss trend, what are some lines that jump out to you?
Evan Greenberg: Where rate remains below loss trend? A lot of E&S casualty, it varies by line of business. But rate continues and not below loss trend, it's actually above loss trend. I shouldn't say that, let me take that back. But it needs more rate, because you look at the - you look at the combined ratio starting point in those lines. I see this - I see stressed lines right now. And the better way of saying it, because I'm not going to give it to you by line, in real specific detail, but I see stressed lines getting above loss cost trend. And it need to, which helps to begin to improve the margin in that area. Now, in many of those areas we shrank and shrank substantially, because that you could see it in our numbers. We talked about it. Go back in how we talked about shrinking our Westchester business, our London E&S business, our reinsurance business, as examples, because of the competitive environment. And in those areas, some of them have classes where we see growth opportunity right now, because rate is exceeding loss cost trend and it presents opportunity. Some rate is exceeding loss cost trend. We right a modest portfolio, and we're - but it's still not adequate enough where we want to grow that business.
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. And then, Evan, I know you don't want to prognosticate…
Evan Greenberg: I believe there are some lines - there are some lines where rate frankly is still not adequate relative to loss cost trend. And they're coming up, but they're still not there yet.
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And again, I know you don't want to prognosticate on pricing. But I am curious, how much - how important is - what's going on with reinsurance pricing do you think in terms of - how much primary pricing can continue to improve? Is it such that - as we understand in what happens there, you can tell most of this story or is it still a situation where you have a primary company or [lease are inadequate] [ph] and you think you could continue to have [lease firming in] [ph] primary while reinsurance stays sort of not so spectacular?
Evan Greenberg: Right now, this is primary insurer driven. It's not reinsurance market driven.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Mark Dwelle from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah, good morning. Just a question related to the agriculture business with the various flooding and other events that we've seen so far. Does that likely to have any impact on either the premium or potentially how you might think about losses this year?
Evan Greenberg: Frankly, the - let's take it in two pieces. The wet season and how people think about late plantings and all of that. The planting season right now and the pace of it is really the same as last year. And you know how last year turned out. So it's very early days and - but right now planting conditions are pretty good and improving. And then, on the loss side from flooding, most of the flood - most of that flooding occurred in flood plain areas. And from a loss point of view, therefore it's - when we look at our portfolio, it's really about late planting question. And as I said, we see the conditions of that equal to last year.
Mark Dwelle: That's helpful. Thanks very much. That's my only question.
Operator: And I'd like to now turn the call back over to Ms. Karen Beyer for any additional or closing remarks.
Karen Beyer: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Chubb Ltd. Fourth Quarter Year-End 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of today's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Karen Beyer, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Beyer: Thank you and welcome to our December 31, 2018 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to Company's performance and growth, pricing and business mix, and economic market conditions which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, it’s my pleasure to introduce our speakers this morning. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll then take your questions. Also with us today to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, I will turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we reported core operating income in the fourth quarter of $2.02 per share. The quarter was marked by greater volatility from elevated natural catastrophes around the world from a variety of perils and from increased property loss activity in the U.S. On the other hand, we had strong premium revenue growth, enjoyed improved commercial P&C pricing globally, and produced record net investment income. Core operating income was $935 million and included $506 million of after-tax CAT losses, compared with a $1.5 billion income last year, which included a tax benefit of $450 million and tax of $331 million. Simply, to give you a sense of underlying strength, excluding CATs and the tax benefit, core operating income per share in the quarter was up 6.5% over prior. Our published P&C combined ratio was 93.1% and included 8.5 points of CATs on the combined. On a current accident year basis, excluding CATs, the combined was 88.3% versus 86.4% prior year. The accident year was impacted in the quarter by elevated large loss activity in our U.S commercial property portfolio in both our major account and E&S businesses, as well as in our middle-market division. And this added about 1.4 points to our combined ratio. From what we can see, this is simply volatility or variability in a short period result, not a trend. We also continued to experience elevated losses in our U.S. homeowners’ book, which we have discussed in some detail with you. We are on track with the pricing, product and underwriting strategies that we outlined on last quarter's call. Given, the state-by-state regulatory nature of this business, it’ll take some time to show through in the results on a run rate basis. On the plus side of short-tail activity, our combined ratio in the quarter included a strong contribution from our crop insurance business as well as positive pretax prior period reserve development, which benefited by $130 million from a one-time reinsurance settlement in our legacy A&E runoff liabilities. Premium revenue growth in the quarter was 5.8% in constant dollars and FX then had a negative impact of 1.6 points, bringing the published growth to over 4%. The pricing environment overall improved over the third quarter in a number of our businesses. And this momentum continued into January with much better tone in actual rate movements compared to the fourth quarter prior year. In fact, in terms of price movement, globally, this was the best and most broad-based quarter of the year and the best in several years. We are also seeing more dislocation in certain markets and that means opportunity. For the full-year, our growth was 4.4%. Geo-economic environment notwithstanding, I expect we will at a minimum, maintain that range in constant dollars and with some variability quarter-to-quarter. There is a great deal of optimism and positive energy across the company. Net investment come in the quarter was $903 million, was up about 3.5% and contributed to net investment income for the year of $3.6 billion, both were records. Our results are being driven by strong positive cash flow and higher reinvestment rates that now exceed our current book yield and are beginning to benefit from an improving interest rate environment. Core operating income for the year was $4.4 billion or $9.44 per share, up 18% on a per share basis from ‘17. Earnings were split between P&C underwriting income of $2.6 billion and adjusted pretax investment income of $3.6 billion. For your information, pretax CAT losses for the year were $1.6 billion, about $700 million more than we planned for when calculating our expecting CAT amount. Our earnings led to a core operating ROE of 8.7% for the year or 9.8% on an expected CAT basis. For the year, the P&C combined ratio was 90.6% compared to 94.7% prior. And on a current accident year basis, excluding CATs, the combined ratio for the year was 88% versus 87.6% prior year. Book value per share was down about 0.5%, and tangible book per share was flat, unfavorably impacted by the mark-to-market effect of rising interest rates and foreign exchange. Adjusting for the mark, book and tangible per share were up 2.7% and 5.8%, respectively. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value CATs and prior very development. Turning to growth and market conditions. Commercial P&C pricing and underwriting for the business we wrote in the quarter, was as good or better than what we saw in the third quarter and overall for the year, and materially better than this time last year. The industry and Chubb is no exception, is experiencing margin pressure in numerous classes and an improving rate environment, particularly in the U.S. and the London wholesale market is important. I hope it continues to improve and spread because rate is needed in other markets. I mentioned at the opening that we began to see some signs of dislocation on the margin in the market as some carriers curved their appetite for certain lines of business by reduced line sizes or exiting from markets altogether. That's another marker of affirming or market correction. In North America, the positive pricing trends in the third quarter continued, in fact improved in several areas, particularly in our major accounts, retail and E&S wholesale divisions. Overall, rates in North America were up about 2.5%, the same as last quarter, while renewal price change, which includes exposure, was up 4%. Retention of our customers remained strong across all of our North America commercial and personal P&C businesses. Renewal retention is measured by premium of nearly 92%. In major accounts in specialty which doesn't include agriculture, premiums were up 5%. Rates for major accounts were up over 3 with risk management at rates of less than 1%, while excess casualty rates were up 10%, property was up 12% and public D&O was up 8.5%. In our Westchester specialty business, rates were up 4.5%. In our North American middle-market and small commercial, premiums overall were up over 4.5% the quarter, our best growth in many quarters. New business was up almost 14% with a meaningful percentage of that coming from growth initiatives. Renewal retention in our middle-market business was 90%, middle-market pricing which includes rate and exposure change was up 2.5%. In our U.S. small commercial business, premium revenue continued its positive growth momentum with net premiums up almost 30%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums in the quarter declined 2.5%. In the quarter, we added California to our existing homeowners quota share treaty, effective 10/1. And this impacted growth by 4.2 points. Excluding premiums paid to reinsurers, premiums were up 2.3%. Retention remained very-strong at about 96%. Homeowners pricing was up 7.5% in the quarter, which included again, both rate and exposure change. Our North American agriculture business had a very good year, highlighted by a full-year combined ratio of 75.5%, which is about flat with prior of 74%. Our crop insurance business is a great franchise and we are the clearly leaders. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, a $10 billion business. As I mentioned, we experienced excellent growth this quarter in our international P&C division. Net premiums written for our international retail division were up 8% in constant dollars and FX then had a negative impact of 4.5 points. This compared favorably to year-to-date constant dollar growth of about 6%. Growth was broad-based. Asia-Pacific and the Latin America grew 10% and 8.5% respectively, while the Continent was up over 5%, UK-Ireland was up 4%. We benefited from our growth initiatives and improved price environment, in certain markets, particularly London and Australia. Net premiums for our commercial P&C lines overall, international retail were up 8.5% in the quarter with strong growth in particular coming from our middle-market and small commercial initiatives. Net premiums for our London market wholesale business were up 12% in the quarter in constant dollars. This business is growing again, on the back of improved pricing after several years of shrinking. It’s an excellent example of how Chubb is nimble and can quickly take advantage of changing and dynamic market conditions. As for pricing conditions outside the U.S., rates in our international retail and London wholesale business vary by line and by country. Overall, rates in our retail were up 4%, the best in some time, though concentrated in a few countries and lines of business. For example, property was up 5% and professional lines were up 7%. Rates in our London wholesale business were up 10%. International personal lines premiums were up 8.5% in constant dollar, driven again by Asia and Latin America with growth of 19.5% and 9.5%, respectively. And finally, our Asia life insurance business had an excellent year with premium revenue of $2.4 billion and earnings of over $100 million. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, Juan Andrade and Ed Clancy can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, Chubb performed quite well, despite a quarter of greater short-tail volatility. We have a good momentum and it’s continuing to build in terms of executing on our growth initiatives and taking advantage of an improving pricing and underwriting environment in the U.S., London a few important territories. Our organization is optimistic about the year ahead, and we are off to a good start. With that, I'll turn over to Phil and then we’re going to come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed the year with a strong balance sheet and an excellent overall financial position with total capital of over $63 billion. Even with significant catastrophe loss payments, our operating cash flow was quite strong at $1.6 billion for the quarter and $5.5 billion for the year. During the quarter, we returned $654 million to shareholders including $336 million in dividends and $318 million in share repurchases. For the year, we returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders, equaling 54% of our earnings, including over $1.3 billion in dividends and over $1 billion in share repurchases. Also, during the year, we issued $2.2 billion of debt in the European markets, paid off $1 billion of debt that matured throughout the year, and redeemed $1 billion of hybrid securities, which together, reduced our annual interest expense run rate by approximately $47 million. Net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter were $958 million after-tax, which included $383 million of losses in the investment portfolio, reflecting the widening of credit spreads on corporate fixed income securities late in the quarter, partially offset by declining interest rates. Since December 31st, the mark-to-market gain on the portfolio is in excess of $900 million. We also had unrealized losses of $205 million related to the annual review of our retirement benefit plans and mark to market loss of $263 million on our variable annuity portfolio, principally driven by a decline in the equity markets, and $95 million loss from FX. Since December 31st, the mark on VA portfolio is a gain on $65 million. Since the Chubb acquisition, we have reduced our dilution on tangible book value per share from 29% to 9%, an improvement of 20 percentage points. Since December 31st, the dilution improved to 6%, based on market movements in the portfolio. If we had included the fair value mark on our private equity portfolio in our operating income as others do, core operating ROE for the year would have been 9.5% compared to the reported 8.7%. Our adjusted net investment income for the quarter was above our expected range due principally to higher private equity distributions and higher reinvestment rates. While there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, including interest rates and private equity distributions, we now expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to be in the range of $880 million to $890 million. We had a favorable prior period development in the quarter of $253 million pretax or $202 million after-tax. This includes pretax favorable prior period development from our legacy runoff exposures of $22 million, comprising adverse development of $108 million, principally related to asbestos, offset by a favorable reinsurance settlement of $130 million. The remaining favorable development of $231 million was split approximately 60% from long-tail lines, principally accident years 2013 and prior, and 40% from short-tail lines. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves decreased $661 million for the year, reflecting the impact of catastrophe loss payments and the impact of favorable prior period development. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 102% for the year. After adjusting for the items noted above, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 93%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.1%, driven in part by catastrophe losses, which were incurred in lower tax jurisdictions, as previously disclosed. Our full-year operating effective tax rate was 14.4%, in line with our range of 13% to 15%. For 2019, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 16%. There has been a report that the tax deductibility of our intercompany debt will be affected by the provisions of the tax law that impact hybrid debt. That is not true. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Karen Beyer: Thank you. At this point we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. Evan, you mentioned that the larger property loss in commercial line, you considered one-off. Can you give a little bit more details, what gives you confidence it’s one-off rather than a trend?
Evan Greenberg: There is just variability -- there was a variability of frequency in North America larger losses in a very short period of time. I mean, it’s just a deviation, and it wasn't a huge number of losses but it has an impact. And, there is nothing we see in the underwriting that leads us to believe, and there is nothing we see in data that leads us to believe that’s trend. It’s just you can have quarter-to-quarter volatility, and we had more volatility. So, that’s what I can tell you. And beyond that, we've been -- short-tail lines need rate. And we have been achieving rate full year, actually began in ‘17, and that continues into the first quarter and that too has an ameliorating impact. And in fact, we are achieving rate that achieves or exceeds trend. So, that’s all beneficial.
Kai Pan: My second question on the catastrophe losses. You mentioned that without catastrophe, your ROE would have been 9.8% for the year versus 8.7%. So, my calculation points to probably -- implies 4 points of normal CAT load. I just want to make sure my math is right. And also, given the elevated losses last few years, do you think that that’s still a good run rate going forward? Are you taking any actions in terms of reinsurance coverage potentially could mitigate the CAT exposure?
Evan Greenberg: We’re constantly managing our portfolio and it’s dynamic in terms of how we protect. And so, I’m not going to give any forward-looking on that. But, that’s something that we constantly are engaged in Kai. And as far as what to expect, look, we work on longer range period than just a couple of years and looking at what's expected CAT. So, the last two years have been elevated. People have short memories. I'll remind you that the four or five years prior to that, had far lower CATs. And yet we don’t adjust the number of expected down to that; you're using a longer-term average, 10 to 15 years. The most recent years become a part of that average. And so, they reflect that experience for both modeled, and the way you project non-modeled and put a factor on that as well. And so, that's what informs how we look at CAT loss over a longer period. And so, it has more stability to the expected number. It’s just editorialize one step further to imagine that well, the last two years, now climate change has arrived and boy, this is the new normal. Well, what would you have said about the four or five years prior to that? I think, it’s simplistic thinking to imagine on that basis. I think, longer term averages have a bit more stability to them. It’s sort of like the same as looking at quarterly result variability in short-tail versus looking at the annual current accident number, which is a far more credible number.
Operator: We will hear next from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks. Good morning. A follow-up to the question on the CAT load. Given, there was a merger that took place, do you know -- could you tell us what your 10 to 15-year average has been? Because the math that some of us have done here points to the 10 to 15-year average being 30% or so above what your expectation was in 2018 in terms of the CAT load?
Phil Bancroft: Well, I don't know what your math is; I can't comment on that. I only know how we do our own math and to imagine modeled and non-modeled loss. So, what I can’t do is on this call engage in here is my math versus your math. But, you are free to call us and tell us about your math. And while some of this we disclose, some we don't, we’ll discuss it with you.
Mike Zaremski: And so, my next question is regarding relationship of commercial P&C pricing versus loss trends. We always appreciate your insights…
Phil Bancroft: By the way, I’m confident in my math. I just thought I’d put that out to you. But, go ahead. 
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That’s fair. So, yes, regarding pricing versus loss trend on the commercial side, we’re always trying to parse whether you feel the -- clearly improving rate environment is largely due to just the industry reacting to higher loss trends or do you feel that Chubb could potentially see some margin improvement, if commercial rate environment hovers around the current levels?
Evan Greenberg: No, I don’t see an improvement.
Mike Zaremski: That’s simple answer. And maybe one quick follow-up to that, some -- is number of [multiple speakers]. That’s fair. One more in, a lot of management teams including yourself have talked about a more legal -- active legal bar, and some teams have also talked about the rise of third-party capital backing lawsuits, some people call litigation finance or finding. Do you think that having -- that asset class is having impact on the insurance industry’s loss trends?
Evan Greenberg: On the margin, I think only on the margin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will hear from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is going back to where Kai was asking about the higher non-CAT property losses in commercial lines. I know you made the comment that it seemed just due to the variability to be a one-off quarter. Did you see non-CAT property elevated in any of the other quarters of ‘18? And then, could you also give us a sense -- I know it’s only one month and we’re just into February. Do you have a sense that the level of losses reverted back to normal in January?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The answer on January is, yes. But Jesus, it’s one month and hardly a credible period. And to answer your other question, it was basically fourth quarter. We saw little bit in late third quarter occur, and then it was fourth quarter. And January, sure -- but that's a fool's game. And by the way, Elyse, you’re really -- when you’re looking at something like property, and let’s keep in prospective, we write -- what, in North America about $4 billion -- sorry, about $2.4 billion of property business. So, a very large portfolio, we have a lot of experience with it. The variability quarter-to-quarter is not that unusual. Obviously, it's a short period of time. It's not that credible. The annual period is far more credible. Anyway, I think I’ve answered your questions. And please don't take one month of January, better as well; it was -- it’s a month.
Elyse Greenspan: I get that. That was helpful. And then, in terms of homeowners, you pointed during your prepared remarks, it takes time for with the states to get the rates into the system. Would you expect to start to see the margin improve in the first quarter or is that something that we should start to think about seeing more of the underlying margin improvement coming later in 2019.
Phil Bancroft: We were pretty clear when we talked about it in the third quarter to you that it would be something in the latter part of ‘19, we should begin to see it come through on a run rate basis, all things being equal.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, my last numbers question, you guys bought more reinsurance timely for in California this year, at the start of the quarter. Can you give us a sense of your gross losses for the California fires? And then, how did the gross loss in 2018 compared to the gross losses that you guys saw from the fires in 2017?
Evan Greenberg: We didn’t -- and it was really a miscommunication in here. We didn't publish a CAT page but we are going to give you a CAT page and put one out to you, so you can see by CAT how it breaks down, and we're giving you the net. The gross number is not applicable really to an investor's view of the company, and that is what impacts our balance sheet and financial statement. And so, we will give you what you need for that.
Operator: We’ll hear next from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could maybe just add on to the high net worth environment. We still seem to have -- personal lines front -- we seem to have still a large number of new entrants into that market. I’m just interested if there's been any really change in that competitive environment, seeing how it does feel like there is a lot of folks that are announcing new efforts?
Evan Greenberg: I’ll ask Paul Krump to comment on that. From my point of view, we don't see a change of any consequence in the competitive environment over the last year. It’s pretty stable that way. You get new entrants who come in and they are particularly in the mass affluent category, not the true high net worth. They don't have the coverages and the services and the capabilities to really manage that market. And when they come in, they got one thing to offer in a segment of the market that is I would say, in some ways -- it’s the price-sensitive end of the market. And in there where coverage matters or service matters less, on that one way and that’s to under price the business. But we’ve seen that for a while and it’s on the margin. But, Paul, do you want…
Paul Krump: Evan, I agree with everything you just said. Just to try to put some more color around it. Our retention in the homeowners and PRS space is 96%, it’s actually even better on the high net worth, the real wealthy homes, what will recall premier and signature. So, we do lose a couple of customers through that, and we’re trying to figure out how to stop that but can’t. So, I can’t -- maybe on two hands I could count the number of accounts that we lost to any new entrants in the last 12 months. They are definitely going after the low-end of the market. And if you look at the writings, I think you'd be shocked that how little traction they are getting in new market. It really is a service game and agents and brokers are very conscious of that. It’s not just one-off fire loss they worry about, they worry about what happens in the big capitals and then there are hundreds if not thousands of claims to handle.
Evan Greenberg: And I would say this. We don’t -- we're not arrogant about it, we’re not at rest about it. It’s like everything else in the world. Service has to constantly improve; your standards of service must constantly improve. Coverages have to be constantly improved. You’ve to be able to offer more choice to customers. Some who want to buy a full boat of coverage and some who want to buy something a little later. And you’ve got to be able to do this in a digital world where the customer service and experience represents that. And the same thing with marketing and sales. And we’re continuing to iterate and crank up our capabilities in all of those areas because we think there is -- and remains a large opportunity in this marketplace.
Paul Newsome: And second, I wanted to ask about the accident health business. We haven't talked about that in quite some time. At one point it was a huge focus for the old Chubb to have it, I think as much as 25% of the revenue…
Evan Greenberg: I think you mean…
Paul Newsome: You’re right. And I was curious is that -- is it still an idea to have or a goal to have that kind of high percentage of the -- in each business in the new combined entity?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. When you look at -- which I know you did, our investor deck and you look at growth lines, and I believe from memory, 31% on pie chart that would grow high single to double digit, you saw the accident health business as one of those areas of business. And in Asia and Latin America and in North America, in particular, the growth rate is improving in that business and will continue to improve in ‘19. And a lot of the distribution that we have, deals that we have made over the last year, including what we just announced as Banco de Chile, will directly benefit that accident and health business. And so, it is a growth area for the Company. And our objective is to increase because if it is growing at high single to double-digit, it will increase -- continue to increase as a percentage of our total business. Because it’s a specialty and a capability of ours; it’s deep in our DNA. And by the way, whether it is in the combined, in the U.S. where we reinvented in our growing, our worksite benefits businesses, it’s now $150 million premium from nothing that’s growing at serious double-digit to serving the lower middle income with -- to grab, which is the largest -- which is the Uber of Southeast Asia or DBS’s customer or Banamex’s customers or Banco de Chile or many other sponsors that we have on a direct marketing and digital basis, it’s the full boat.
Operator: Moving next to Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Two questions on North America commercial. So, the first, I just want to confirm that the 1.4% impact from adverse property claims experience or loss experience, that’s consolidated, right?
Evan Greenberg: Consolidated?
Phil Bancroft: On total P&C.
Yaron Kinar: Total P&C, sorry. 
Evan Greenberg: Sorry. Yes on total P&C. Yes, we did post the number.
Yaron Kinar: So, if my math is correct, it would suggest that the accident year loss ratio excluding the elevated property office actually improved year-over-year. And if that is correct, could you maybe talk about what's led to that improvement? Is it earned rates, is it something else that’s driving that?
Evan Greenberg: Are you saying the accident loss ratio on the total business?
Yaron Kinar: No, on North America commercial, excluding the property deterioration.
Evan Greenberg: Excluding the property deterioration, and are you looking at the combined ratio or the loss ratio?
Yaron Kinar: No. The accident year loss ratio for North America commercial.
Evan Greenberg: We will take that offline with you and go through that with you. I'm not sure I'm completely relating to that number, the way you’re saying it. And it would be very modest and it would be likely mixed related. But before I jump to that we’ll take that off line with you.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. And then, my second question on North America commercial, Evan, in your comments, you talked about the rate increases. It sounds to me like you may be actually leading the rate increases here, maybe a little bit above industry here. And if that is the case, would you expect that to impact the growth -- the top line growth over the next few quarters as maybe the industry tries to catch up?
Evan Greenberg: A couple of things. One, the industry -- I would glue it together this way. You saw the fourth quarter growth rate. And in January, our growth relative to our own plans was good. And we were on or over or exceeded our plan in the first -- in the month of January. You don’t know our plan and we don’t disclose it. And, we got better rate in January or the same rate; it varied by line that we -- particularly in North America and in our wholesale business that we saw in the fourth quarter. And our renewal retention is good. So that implies to me the industry environment is improving as well. And you have a couple of things going on. You have not just driving for rate but you companies reacting to the loss environment, to the pressure by reducing limits in areas or competitors depends on the area withdrawing from a line of business. That starts to -- that plays with the supply-demand part of the dynamic of the market. Okay? So, you’re only thinking just in terms of rate. And that’s why it is trying to signal that there is more than that going on. But, you see our retention rates, you see our business, and yet we’re pressing for rate adequacy. Anyway, I think, that's the best way I can explain it to you.
Operator: Jay Gelb from Barclays, your line is open.
Jay Gelb: Based on the commentary that Chubb is off to a good start in 2019, and if I look back over the past three years, there is remarkably stable underlying accident year combined ratio. Given the pricing is improving, should we expect that trend on the accident year combined to be the same in 2019, the same or better as 2018?
Evan Greenberg: I wouldn't look for an improvement. What I have said is that remarkably stable. Remarkably stable rate on some of the business, particularly in short-tail is achieving or exceeding trend, which it needs to do, which is beneficial. In long-tail lines, it varies. There are many classes where rate is not keeping pace with loss cost trend. We constantly are exercising portfolio management, used reinsurance and mix, and so therefore mix of business to balance it. But, this is a risk business. And I wouldn't imagine -- and I don't imagine that you just pick a combined ratio and that's a static number. It has variability around it. And so, I would say, what you see is what you get within a reasonable range of deviation. That’s all.
Jay Gelb: Right, of course, okay. And then, separately, given the strong operating cash flow for full-year 2018, I believe you said around $5.5 billion, what would you quantify as Chubb’s excess capital position as of year-end? 
Phil Bancroft: What we have said is that the impact of the excess capital on a full-year basis would strip about 0.5 point off of our ROE. So, you can do the math.
Jay Gelb: I hope so.
Phil Bancroft: I trust you buddy.
Operator: We’ll hear next from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: Just first one, Phil, I’m just curios, tax rate guidance; it looks like it’s actually up a little bit on year-over-year basis. Is there anything to that; is it just mix business, something else going on geographically?
Phil Bancroft: There is two things. One is, in the past two years, we’ve had some compensated related deductions, and we don't expect them -- compensation related deductions that we don’t expect to recur. And we’re going to have lower tax exempt income. We’ve sold about $4.4 billion of our municipal bond portfolio. And as we look at the after-tax yields, we would expect that some of that will continue. Remember, that doesn’t take away from our income because our after-tax yield is going to be higher based on the judgment to sell the munies.
Brian Meredith: Got it, makes sense. And then, I noticed that administrative expenses on a year-over-year basis were actually down this quarter. Was that FX-driven, was there anything else going on?
Phil Bancroft: It’s principally just timing, as we look at it. There is nothing specific that I would point to, it’s just going to be variable and it’s a timing issue.
Brian Meredith: And just lastly, Evan, on the small commercial property thing. If I take a look at your North American commercial, your underlying combined ratio for the year was pretty much flat to down modestly. Is that the way we should kind of think about how the business is going to perform? And you’ll have some ups and downs every quarter, I assume.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You should think about it and you can see it, if you look at past years. There is a variability -- there is a little more in this quarter than it is in the recent quarters. But, you’ll have some variability by the nature of the business. It’s a risk business. So, that can just happen. Of course, we’re underwriters. And when we see a spike in something, we take a pretty close look. We want to know what an early -- what that’s telling us and is it -- is there something that is changed in our business or is it just a natural variability that you continue. But we more judge then on a longer period and at an annual period of time it’s a more stable measure obviously than one three-month period. And so, again when we look at this, we judge it from everything we can see as just a deviation around the mean, and the annual was more stable period. Look, I expect and it doesn't surprise me, given the nature of the business. It’s a risk business that you see some variability.
Brian Meredith: I just want to make sure because if you strip out that…
Evan Greenberg: Casualty? I got to tell you, I have a whole different view [multiple speakers] one-off large loss of some kind. But, if I saw a frequency or casualty, that’s a whole different story.
Brian Meredith: That makes sense, because you strip out that large loss all of a sudden, your underlying combined ratio in North America looks way down on a year-over-year basis. And I just want to make sure, that’s not kind of way to model off of.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I don’t think that’s the right way. And we will take it offline and do some work with you about those.
Operator: We will hear next from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: I just wanted to follow up on Brian’s question, we saw particularly lower admin expenses year-over-year in North America commercial and personal. Is that also just randomness or is there some connection to the elevated losses?
Evan Greenberg: No, no connection to the elevated losses. It is a randomness, quarter-to-quarter. 
Meyer Shields: And Evan, I was hoping you could take us through the thought process of buying more quota share protection in California homeowners over excess?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we -- it benefited the Company. Look, we wanted to reduce our exposure and balance our exposure in California where we have a lot of concentration in both CAT and non- CAT modeled and non-modeled CAT. We did -- the quarter share was initially purchased for the New England states and the Northeast where we had -- we have an usual amount of concentration. We weren’t simply trying to balance CAT but the exposures of non-modeled CAT is well like, just frequency of winter losses that you had in the Northeast and the impact it could have on the total book when we put all these books together. So, it was really looking for to spread the risk of the ground up concentration, not simply a single event concentration, or the losses produced because of the concentration from a single event. And that was the reason for purchasing the Northeast quota share. And it made sense to us to extend that then to California as well. And we gave the reinsurers a better balance; they were concentrated in just one territory.
Operator: Larry Greenberg from Janney Montgomery Scott, your line is now open. 
Larry Greenberg: My question also is on the underlying and commercial North America, and you’ve probably given me enough to answer it. But I’m going to still ask... 
Evan Greenberg: Then, why you’re asking me, Larry.
Larry Greenberg: Because I’m not sure if I know the answer. But, let me just ask it this way. The underlying loss ratio deteriorated by about 60 bps for the year. And over the course of the year, you've called out some things, you actually called out some things last year as well. But, would you say the 60 bps is fairly representative of the price versus lost trends in the business?
Evan Greenberg: Perfect, perfect.
Larry Greenberg: Okay, thanks.
Evan Greenberg: There is gravity. Yes.
Larry Greenberg: Okay. And then, the expense ratio improved more this year than at least I was thinking. And I would say, maybe you guys had indicated coming out of last year. And is that just kind of operating leverage in the business, are there any other explanations to discuss there?
Evan Greenberg: Larry, there is -- I’m going to give you three answers. Number one, we had the runoff, if you will, of all the projects we have put in place since the merger. And those had some runoff final benefits that emerged in the year. We have a constant expense control in here. And yes, there is one-off items that benefit the expense ratio during the year. But, every year we have one-off items. They vary by quarter and that sort of thing. But, there always seems to be a number of them; it’s just the nature of the business. So, but the first two I gave you are really the enduring drivers of it. Expense ratio is part of strategy.
Operator: And at this time, we do have time for one final question and that final question will come from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Just a couple for Evan. I guess, first of all, thinking about casualty line in North America commercial, how do you feel about loss trend today versus maybe a year ago? Do you feel like there is more pressure, is the pressure alleviated some?
Evan Greenberg: It’s about stable. We haven't seen -- over the last year, we haven't seen a change in loss trend from...
Ryan Tunis: Is it still mostly limited to the management liability lines or have you seen it creep at all into excess casualty or...
Evan Greenberg: No, not -- the way you’re asking it, I want to make sure we have clarity here. What you're asking about change in loss trend, and I'm responding to change in loss trend but -- and that’s stable. But, there is a loss trend to every line of casualty. I mean, I could tell you that middle-market, our comp business, the frequency is stable, so is the loss -- the severity trend but it has a trend of calling our book of over 5 points -- 5%. So, it’s real. Excess casualty, excess casualty has a loss trend to it, whether it's major account or it’s middle-market, all casualty does. And so, loss costs go up every year. But, the trend is stable.
Ryan Tunis: The trend is stable. Got you. And on the personal line side, I appreciate it’s going to take some time for your rate increases to earn in. But, would you say the loss activity has -- is that still getting worse at this point and you’re still kind of trying to pin that down...
Evan Greenberg: No. I would say and we were just looking at it yesterday, looking month by month actuals versus expected. The frequency and severity, average severities by cause of loss, we believe they have stabilized; we’re seeing it stabilized. We're not still trying to get a handle on it. It has stabilized, we see it. And it is a clear trend we have seen for a period of time. And so, we know the target we’re shooting at.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to your host, Karen Beyer. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Karen Beyer: Thank you all for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd. Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd. Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd. Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd. Paul O’Connell - Chubb Ltd. John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd. John Joseph Lupica - Chubb Ltd. Juan C. Andrade - Chubb Ltd.
Analysts: Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Group AG Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Chubb Ltd. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you and welcome to our September 30, 2018, third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company's performance and growth, pricing and business mix, and economic and market conditions which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please see our most recent SEC filings, earnings release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Good morning. As a global insurer we experienced an active quarter for natural catastrophes around the world, but hardly on the same scale as the industry's record-breaking CAT events from the prior-year quarter. As you saw from the numbers, Chubb reported core operating income of $2.41 per share; excluding CATs and prior reserve development, we earned $2.82 per share, which compares to $2.68 prior year on the same basis, up over 5%. Overall, it was a good quarter for the company, highlighted by excellent underwriting results and strong investment income. Premium revenue growth was good in U.S. commercial P&C and particularly strong in our international P&C business, personal and commercial, as we benefited from a number of our growth initiatives. On the other hand, growth in our U.S. personal lines business was impacted by the onetime accounting action we described last quarter, which distorts the year-over-year comparison. P&C underwriting income of $669 million benefited from contributions from current accident year results and positive prior-year reserve releases. Our published P&C combined ratio was 90.9% which included 6 points of CAT. On a current accident year basis, excluding CAT, the combined ratio was 88.2% versus 88.5% prior year; simply world-class. For your information, the current accident year combined ratio with an expected level of CATs was 92.8% versus 93% prior year. Net investment income of $883 million was driven by strong positive cash flow and higher reinvestment rates, which are beginning to benefit from an improving interest rate environment. Book and tangible book value per share were up about 0.5% and 1.3%, respectively, and were unfavorably impacted by FX. Phil will have more to say about book value, investment income, CATs, and prior-period development. Turning to growth and market conditions; for the company overall, Global P&C net premium revenue, which excludes agriculture, was 4% for the quarter in constant dollars. Foreign exchange had a negative impact on growth of about 0.5%. Excluding merger-related actions, growth was actually 4.5% in constant dollars. Merger-related actions are virtually behind us now. Commercial P&C pricing for the business we wrote overall was similar to what we saw in the second quarter, and in fact better in many lines. As a general statement, pricing in the U.S. in particular was not keeping pace with loss cost trends in a number of important longer tail classes. All things being equal, this puts pressure on margins and serves as a natural governor on growth. For our company, this pressure is ameliorated to some degree in those lines by our ongoing underwriting portfolio actions and, overall, by our mix of business, i.e., we're emphasizing growth in other areas. In North America, rates overall were up about 2.5%, down marginally from last quarter's 3%. The difference was almost entirely a result of mix of business. At the same time, retention of our customers remained strong across all of our North America Commercial and Personal P&C businesses, with the renewal retention as measured by premium, over 90%. Beginning with our major account retail and E&S wholesale division, premiums were up over 3.5%. Excluding merger-related underwriting actions, which are concentrated in this division, net premiums were up about 5.5%. Again, merger-related actions are now behind us with only about $20 million left for the fourth quarter. For major accounts, our renewal retention, as measured by premium in the quarter, was 92.7%. And for the business we wrote in major, rates overall were up 2%. The rate of increase for several important long-tail lines was higher than prior quarter, including casualty, management liability, and risk management; while the rate of increase for property was lower than the last few quarters. In our North America middle market and small commercial business, premiums overall were up over 3.5% in the quarter. Excluding financial lines, where growth was essentially flat due to underwriting actions, premiums were up nearly 5%. New business was up almost 14%, with a quarter of that coming from growth initiatives. Renewal retention in our middle market business was 90%. Middle market P&C rates, excluding comp, were up 2%, the strongest quarter again in several years and continuing a positive trend; while exposure growth added an additional 1%. In our U.S. small commercial business, premium revenue continued to accelerate in the quarter, with net premiums up 30%. Over 3,700 Chubb agents are now actively using our small business platform and took advantage of our broadening appetite to submit over 34,000 opportunities to us in the quarter. Over time, this will become an important business. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums were up 2% in the quarter. Growth was 2.7%, and in line with our expectations and the prior quarter's after adjusting for onetime accounting actions which we discussed on last quarter's call. Retention remains very strong at 96%. Of note, the personal lines loss ratio was up due to elevated loss cost both non-CAT weather and non-weather-related water and fire losses. Pricing was up 2.7% in the quarter, the strongest rate increase quarter for homeowners in a number of years. We are taking and will continue to take underwriting and pricing actions which, over a reasonable period of time, will bring our loss ratio back in line. In our North America agriculture business, yields for the crop year look very good based on what we know today. We cannot yet predict prices, but they appear to be in the range of deductibles. Our crop insurance business is a great franchise where we are the clear leaders. Crop insurance is a part of the agriculture economy and farmers need this coverage and buy it every year; the same as other businesses buy insurance. Our ability to select and underwrite risk, pay claims, and service customers year after year through our nationwide network of offices is simply unrivaled. We have 5,600 agents and 450 employees producing this business. Turning to our Overseas General Insurance operations; as I mentioned at the opening, we experienced excellent growth this quarter in our international P&C business. Net premiums written for our international retail division were up over 8% in constant dollar. And FX then had a negative impact of 1.8 points. This compares favorably to growth of 6% last quarter and year-to-date growth of 5%. So we are experiencing good momentum. Asia Pacific and Latin America contributed growth of 11.5% and 10%, respectively, while the Continent was up over 3.5%, and UK/Ireland was up about 1.5%. Net premiums for our commercial P&C lines overall in international retail were up over 11% in the quarter; while premiums for middle market and small commercial, another growth initiative we have been discussing, grew 13% in the quarter, led by Asia and Latin America, the key focus regions for us where net premiums were up 19%. Net premiums for our London market wholesale business were up about 6% in the quarter. International personal lines premiums were up over 7.5% in constant dollar driven by double-digit growth, again in both Latin America and Asia. As for pricing conditions outside the U.S., rates in our international retail and London wholesale business is varied by line and region, and by country within region. We have so many classes and so many territories. Overall rate increases were in line with last quarter, up 3% in our retail division, and up 4% in our wholesale business. Our global A&H division in total had a reasonable quarter with premiums up 4.5% in constant dollar. In our international A&H business, premiums were up 4%, led by Asia Pacific with growth of 8.5%; while premiums in North America grew 6.5%. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, Juan Andrade, and Ed Clancy can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, it was a good quarter for Chubb. Business activity is brisk. We have received over 1 million new business submissions year-to-date in the U.S., a record for our company, and up 12% over last year. Our people are optimistic and focused on serving their customers and distribution partners. The compelling nature of our franchise, our broad product lineup, our distinguished service reputation, our expansive distribution capabilities, and our geographic presence gives us great confidence in our future earning power and our ability to outperform. As our industry-leading combined ratios clearly illustrate, we are trading some growth for underwriting profitability. At the same time, because of our global presence and the expanded capabilities of Chubb today, we have many areas of opportunity to take advantage of without sacrificing underwriting discipline from our unrivaled large account franchise to our small commercial and middle market businesses globally, our international personal lines, global A&H and Asia-based life insurance businesses, all of which are growing more rapidly and are not subject to current commercial P&C pricing conditions, varies by area. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil. And then, we'll be back to take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong with total capital of $64 billion. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $1.7 billion. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $716 million to shareholders, including $337 million in dividends and $379 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date, through October 23rd, we have returned $1.8 billion to shareholders, including $1 billion in dividends and $760 million in repurchases. We also paid off $100 million of debt that matured in the quarter. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $883 million, compared to $893 million in last year's quarter. Last year included a one-off gain of $44 million. Given the rising interest rate environment and in anticipation of a steepening yield curve, we have shortened the duration of our fixed income portfolio from 4.2 to 3.9 years. This in effect helps immunize the portfolio against the mark-to-market impact from rising interest rates. In addition, as rates rise, we will reinvest the portfolio at a faster rate. To that point, as you saw in the supplement, our portfolio's reinvestment rate has increased year-to-date from 2.9% at December 31st to 3.5% at September 30th. Our current book yield is 3.5% and, therefore, the increased yield will eliminate downward pressure on investment income. To improve the efficiency of our global cash management, we maintain a cash pooling program. Our local legal entities around the world deposit excess cash into this pool or borrow cash from the pool to minimize our global cash balances and to avoid disturbing local investment portfolio. The cost of borrowing is included in interest expense, and the interest earned on deposits is included in investment income. The use of this program will be reduced during the fourth quarter based on current needs, resulting in offsetting declines in both interest income and corresponding interest expense of approximately $10 million to $15 million. As a result, we now expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income run rate to be in the range of $875 million to $885 million, which reflects this reduction in interest. We also have investment activity that's included in other income from our private equity funds where we own greater than 3%. These returns have some variability quarter to quarter. This quarter, other income included $21 million pre-tax related to these investments. We expect our run rate on these investments to be $10 million pre-tax, again, as part of other income. So putting everything together, we should add to the investment income range the estimated $10 million in other income from private equity returns and $10 million in lower interest expense, for total income to the company from investment-related activities of $895 million to $905 million. Turning to book value, in the quarter, book and tangible book value per share increased 0.4% and 1.3%, respectively. Both were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange losses of $425 million after-tax; $252 million of which impacted the tangible net assets. As a result of our shorter duration and the diversified nature of the portfolio, there was no significant change to book value this quarter for mark-to-market changes in the investment portfolio. The mark-to-market on our fixed income portfolio was an unrealized loss of $135 million after-tax, offset by other realized gains of $154 million after-tax, principally related to the valuation of the underlying investments in our private equity funds. For the year, rising interest rates have resulted in realized and unrealized losses of $1.3 billion after-tax. Excluding the mark on investments, book and tangible book value per share increased 3.3% and 6.9%, respectively, reflecting strong underlying results, strong net investment income and positive cash flow. Our annualized core operating ROE in the quarter was 8.7%. As a reminder, Chubb records the change in the fair value mark on its private equity funds as realized gains. So, therefore, it is not included in core operating income. Other companies record the impact of the mark as part of their investment income. This quarter, we had after-tax gains of $144 million, which would increase our core operating EPS by $0.31 per share and our annualized core operating ROE to 9.8%. For the year, after-tax gains of $269 million would increase our core operating EPS by $0.57 per share and our annualized core operating ROE to 9.8%, compared to the reported ROE of 9.1%. Net catastrophe losses for quarter were $450 million pre-tax or $372 million after-tax as previously announced and as are further detailed in the financial supplement. We had positive prior-period development in the quarter of $243 million pre-tax. This included $65 million of net adverse development related to the homeowners' lines where losses trended higher than expected; and $54 million of adverse development related to our legacy environmental exposure. The remaining favorable development of $362 million comprises 85% long-tail lines, principally from accident years prior to 2014 and 15% short-tail lines. Net loss reserves increased $269 million in the quarter, adjusting for foreign exchange. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 93% in the quarter. Adjusting for PPD and CAT losses, the ratio was 86%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.1%. As we continued to evaluate the impact of U.S. tax reform, the final amount of the provisional tax benefit recognized may increase or decrease, as new regulations are set to be issued in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 13% to 15%. With that, I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. At this point we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. My first question; Evan, I appreciate all the comments on the pricing view. As we're now in the fourth quarter, starting to annualize when we saw some of the rate increases last year, seems like a pretty stable environment in the third quarter. Do you think the industry – I know overall there's a lot of business lines will be able to continue to push for a stable level of rate as we annualize the losses that we saw last year. And when you're giving the pricing color, another commercial lines insurer did point to potentially looking to higher interest rates as a reason to maybe push for less price. Could you just comment if you're seeing a reliance on interest rates in the pricing decisions of other companies in the market?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, Elyse, I can't look into the minds of others, so I'm not sure what they're thinking. But when I'm looking at the fourth quarter right now, I'm not seeing any change really in pricing momentum. The one variable you always have in the fourth quarter is, people who really want to puff up their chest about how they grew. They chase volume always – and this is just the way it works – in the fourth quarter to try to meet budgets and all that stuff. And so you always see some more desperate noise around getting business in the fourth quarter that you don't see the same way in other quarters. Interesting. But I've seen no change to that pattern. But with that said, we see the same pattern of rate movement so far in the fourth quarter that we saw in the third, with more casualty-related lines getting rate, with the exception of Middle Market comp, and property because you're now rate-on-rate slowing down. And that's kind of the pattern, as we've been seeing it.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of the homeowners business, you alluded to taking more price and looking to improve the margins there. So, is it that you guys expect the level, I guess, of non-CAT losses, the fire and water that we saw in quarter, kind of taking price for that and that might continue, and was that also a driver of the adverse development? Could we just get a little bit more color on what's going on within the homeowners' book?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Sure. Yeah. I'm going to turn it over to Paul Krump, but I'm going to make this one general statement and it will be redundant a little bit to what he says. But we've been – this is a trend we've been talking about for a while. And it's a trend; it's not simply a one off, one quarter or one or two quarters. We've been seeing this movement in loss ratio and talking about it for two years now. And with that, let me turn it over to Paul.
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Thanks, Evan. Thanks, Elyse. I kind of anticipated the question. So I've got a little bit of a fulsome answer here. So the current accident year ex-CAT ratio, loss ratio for PRS is up 5.7 points in Q3 2018 versus last year's Q3. So, as Evan mentioned, the deterioration is driven more by larger water and non-CAT weather and fire losses in the homeowners' line. We've experienced an increased frequency and severity throughout the year which, frankly, as you noted, has been seeping in for last two years. We don't think we're alone in the industry here, Elyse, in experiencing this elevated loss activity, and we're not dismissing it as simple, normal volatility. Recognize we have a portfolio of homeowners and the amount of rate needed to achieve adequacy varies by region and cohort from no rate increase required to something more substantial. We're already surgically addressing this issue by zip code, age of home, construction, size of property, supporting ancillary lines of business and the type of dwelling our insured owns. Variations matter between home, say, versus condo or co-op. And, of course, we're doing this within the confines of a very highly-regulated business. Along with already taking more rate where needed, we're addressing the issue with underwriting actions including predicting and preventing losses. We don't believe that simply passing on rate increases will win the day. That said, I've been involved in overseeing this book for a good portion of the last 15 years, so allow me to add my perspective, as I hear way too much misinformation about the high net-worth market and PRS in particular. First, for us, this is a homeowners issue and while homeowners is half our book of PRS business, it is not the entire PRS portfolio; the other lines are performing well. Second, we're seasoned insurance professionals and have served the high net-worth category for over 30 years. Over those years, environmental and societal changes have caused spikes or elevation in the homeowners' loss ratio from time to time, and we have addressed them while growing our book. This is our business; we're very proud to serve our customers and our world-class claims service is the bedrock of our customer value proposition. As an example, J.D. Power recently recognized this exceptional service by ranking us one of only two carriers to earn their prestigious five Power Circles rating for property claims satisfaction. We will continue to enhance our reputation and improve our loss ratio while growing the PRS book. Growth will continue to skew towards those clients who appreciate our broad coverages and first-class services. This past quarter, our new PRS business volume was up 7% over Q3 2017. Make no mistake, we're not resting on our laurels, and we will continue to blaze new trails and invest more than anyone in the high net-worth business. Four quick examples. One, on the product front, we have recently launched coverage for customers with in-home businesses, cyber coverage, farm and ranch coverage for our clients with a penchant for the outdoors, global coverages, and enhanced travel accident coverages. We are also working on what I'll call slim down offerings for those prospects who desire a little less coverage and service in exchange for a premium savings. Two, on the digital front, we're working to enable the full client experience to be done digitally. Specifically within our customer portal, we have recently added ePolicy, eBilling, eSignature, personalized risk inspection reports, loss mitigation enrollment, as well as mobile apps for items like Auto ID Cards and another to monitor and promote safer drivers. We just added biometric login to make the process even easier, and we are just getting started. We will continue to expand our digital capabilities. Three, on the predict and prevent front, we are using the thermographic scanners, water detection shut-off valves, arborists, art experts, our in-house risk engineers and, of course, our well-known Wildfire Defense Services to assist our clients and mitigate losses, all while making ourselves more relevant to our customers, independent agents and brokers, and furnishing the Chubb brand. Fourth, in speaking of our producers, we are supporting them on the sales front by arming them with hundreds of warm leads and aiding them in writing in specific ZIP codes where profitable new business resides. In summary, the past few years of wildfires, floods, hurricanes, hail storms, tornadoes, mudslides, and water damage have intensified losses and made many agents and their clients take serious notice of who is insuring them. This backdrop is causing our homeowners line to experience margin compression, but longer term, this spells opportunity for Chubb as well as our agents and brokers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: More than you ever wanted to know, Elyse.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes, that was very helpful. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Thank you. Evan, I guess my first question is when you talked about U.S. commercial lines pricing, you said, yeah, things are kind of in line, maybe a little better in casualty than last quarter; but pricing is still below loss trend. I'm just curious, where do we need to get to in order to see margin stability here, and do you think we can get there?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Look, it varies by line of business, so you really – you can't sort of make a general statement. And this is what I mean: there were some lines – in E&S casualty as an example, and I'm going to turn it over to our Chief Actuary in a second, to give you more color, but I want to give you a certain perspective. You can listen to commentary that says rate right now equals loss cost trend. So there's no erosion in combined ratio. Well, you could be listening to that about certain E&S casualty lines that happen to be running 110% or 120% combined ratio. Now, there's a head fake around that statement. Right? When you hear it. There are other lines of business where, frankly, we're getting 1% in those casualty lines, and it is adequate because we're earning a reasonable underwriting profit there and we don't see a lot of loss cost trend. So, it really varies around the lot. But to give you a more general picture of all this, let me turn it over to Paul O'Connell.
Paul O’Connell - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Evan. Brian, the issue on loss cost trend, first of all, our loss cost trend impacts, obviously, our reserve base as well as our current accident year loss ratios. If we start with the loss reserve base, I'm confident that our current reserves are adequate. As Evan pointed out, we have many different products, classes, and territories so that trends do vary. But if we focus a high level look on long-tail lines, we are seeing a continuation of the broadly-favorable trends in the prior accident year development. There are a few exceptions in select product lines, particularly those where we observed elevated frequency in the last few years. On our more recent accident years, or recent year loss ratios, the trend is putting pressure on margins in our casualty business. And again as Evan pointed out, the combination of rate and exposure isn't keeping pace with loss cost trend in many product lines, so all else equal there is potential for compression in our margins. Despite the margin compression though, all our lines are producing an underwriting profit. And the compression in margin is also less than what the pure rate and trend math would suggest, since one has to consider the impact of underwriting actions, particularly our portfolio management process, as well as how the favorable prior-year trends are flowing through our current year projections. Some high-level views on the U.S. operations for some of the casualty lines are as follows: so for workers' comp, rate has been flat to declining, our loss cost trends are exceeding exposure change, however, the continued favorable development on the prior accident year has tempered the compression that we're seeing on a year-over-year basis, that one would expect given the rate activity. On the liability lines, again, a very broad mix of coverages and attachment points, we are seeing neutral to negative impact as loss cost trend is close to or exceeds current rate changes. So there has been some recent activity in rate that does show some promise. And then, there are also pockets of our portfolio where we are experiencing rate and exposure in excess of loss trend. In other areas, margin compression is tempered by favorable development and underwriting actions as well. And then finally, on financial lines, again, also a very broad mix of products, so recent issues have been concentrated in select D&O product lines and classes; and there, loss trend is running higher than rate. So the majority of the portfolio, putting aside certainly the select D&O classes, is generating an underwriting profit and trends in rate have improved. Loss cost trends, while elevated, appear to have plateaued in these challenging classes. John Keogh was going to provide a little bit more color about the financial lines.
John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd.: Sure. As Paul noted, we've been observing in many classes our D&O business where rates simply aren't keeping pace with loss cost trends. And I guess we're now doing surprise interviews and we're finding more and more instances where our underwriters are not finding instances where rates are adequate to the exposure that we're looking at. So this has led to, as a result, shrinking our business. And, in my view, I think it's a pretty good example of good underwriting, and that is trading growth for adequate pricing. So, in fact, if you look at our North American (sic) [America] Commercial P&C business year-to-date, that business has grown 3.6%. However, within that business is our substantial financial lines business. That business has actually shrunk 3.5% year-to-date. So if you look at North America Commercial P&C without the financial lines business, we're actually up a 5.5%. So, again, an instance where we are trading because of inadequate rates to loss cost trends in that business. As respect to the actual loss cost trends in D&O, we've been talking about this for a better part of the year, and here we're seeing an increased frequency really starting in 2016 of suits against boards and directors. If you look at security class actions, they're running roughly in the last two years double historical averages. And there's a lot of drivers behind that, but the three that I would note that are the biggest drivers that we observe, one would be merger objection cases. This is where in a majority of merger transactions, there's a suit against the board, whether you're a seller or a buyer. It leads to a D&O suit. We've seen that drop a little bit in frequency as Delaware courts have taken a bit of a tougher stance against these claims, but it's definitely a problem. Emerging plaintiff bars. There's firms out there that didn't exist 10 years ago that are finding this is a great opportunity to make money. And so, here, we're seeing innovation. I'll call it creative series of liability in terms of suits being against the boards and the management teams. And then, lastly, a driver that we're observing, I'll call event-driven litigation against boards. So imagine the traditional general liability and property claims. Think of mass tort, a dam bursting and people being hurt, a cyber breach where you get property claims, you get liability claims. Well, guess what, more often than not today, you also get allegations and claims being brought against management and boards of directors. So there's the loss cost trends that we observe.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Wow. Very thorough. And just can I have a follow-up here. Talk a little bit about the agricultural crop business here. I know you said that we'll see how pricing comes out as far as how the profitability of that gets (00:37:22) for the year, because yields look like they're pretty good. I guess maybe just talk about the business more from a strategic perspective, how it fits within the whole Chubb franchise. And then, if I look at the profitability of that business, it's been quite attractive the last couple years. Do you think you're earning excess profits in that business right now or is that kind of where the margin's profitability should be?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I'm going to turn it over in one second to John Lupica, but I'm going to take the last part of that question for a moment. He's going to talk to you about average combined ratios for the last decade. And there's, of course, a range of deviation around that like any line of business, but particularly a line of business that has a catastrophe element to it. And I think that's the way you have to think about it. I don't think there's this question of excess versus inadequate. I would disabuse of that, but let me turn it over to John.
John Joseph Lupica - Chubb Ltd.: Thanks, Brian, for the question. Chubb, via our legacy companies, we've been involved in the crop business for well over 30 years now. And as you know, we purchased 100% of the rain and hail franchise in December of 2010. And the franchise has been and continues to be the leading writer and brand in the crop insurance space. Rain and hail is part of the ag community with our 10 regional offices housing our 450-plus ag-only employees around the country. Our multi-peril crop insurance policies are a vital part of the chain of commerce for farmers. As a tried and true revenue protection product, our farmers are able to use these policies as collateral when they're financing machinery, seed and fertilizer for the season. The financial security of the revenue product is just one critical reason for the purchase. Based on market data that we have, 86% of all eligible acres in North America utilize crop insurance due to its proven worth. Again, rain and hail is the leading rider, with 20% of the crop market. We insure over 125,000 farmers farming 65 million net acres and growing 125 different crops. And our 10-year combined ratio has been an industry-leading 88%. We believe we can outperform the average due to a number of key differentiators in a business that really has, as you know, fixed-base pricing. And that's our brand and longevity in the market. Our service component and technology where we delivered to the agent to help process the business, and in claims where the efficient handling and quick payment of the claims are really critical. We have a national footprint that gives us the scale and spread of risk. We have 2,600 agencies represented by 5,600 agents that are appointed and we train every year on the marketplace. We talked about 10 regional leaders who are the best in the business. On the data side, we have modeling capabilities on over 2.1 million farm fields that we have decades of data; and our leadership, who spent their careers in this business. All of this has led rain and hail to outperform the market. So in a simple answer, yeah, we understand the crop business. We get the CAT-like volatility it brings and we manage to that. And we absolutely believe it's a core contributor to the Chubb organization. So hope that helps.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Thank you, and good morning. You gave a very comprehensive answer to Elyse's question on personal line, but I do have a follow-up. Evan, you mentioned you want to get the core loss ratio back in line, and do you mean that you're going back to the 51% levels back in two years ago and how long will it take you to get there?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, I'm not giving you a point estimate, but you're in the range. And it will take – look, it will take a little while. It could take 18 months or thereabouts, because you got – this is a filed product, you got to keep filing rate increases. You put them in on renewal. It takes time to earn in. And then in the meantime, we are taking other underwriting action regarding coverage, how we offer coverage, who we offer it to, where we offer it – we're refining some of that right now, based on what we know – and our use of reinsurance. So, all of that will play, Kai.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. The other question I have is on the Chubb's EPS growth potential. If you look at top line premium growth, underlying had been sort of mid-single digit, 4% to 5%; and your margin is excellent, so probably – which also means probably less room for further improvement there. And then on net investment income, you've been growing mid-single digit as well. So, your earnings is growing mid-single digits. If you add on top of that you're buying back $1 billion, that's about a 1% to 2% of the shares, so EPS is going to grow like mid-single digits; is that right way to think about your growth potential? And other driver could accelerate that growth?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, your math is pretty good. The thing I'd add to that is, I think with a combination of our own underwriting discipline and the freedom that we have to grow in other areas when there are certain areas under stress because of our geographic and product reach and the customer segments and distribution. The freedom that gives us. When I add that and I add an interest rate environment that, frankly, is improving from our perspective and what I think is a yield curve that's going to steepen, I might, over a reasonable period of time, play a little more about the earning power that will come out of the investment side. That's as far as I'm going to go, Kai, because I don't engage in – I don't give guidance and this is a guidance discussion. And so, I'm being friendly and patient.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. I guess just one quick comment related to Kai's question, the other leverage you may have is – you have acknowledged you have excess capital so at some point deploying that capital one way or another could add to growth, I would think. But my question is...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: That's very true, Jay, but it's opportunistic. And I can't predict.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, absolutely.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: The only thing I'll tell you is is, you go into a difficult environment, the more difficult the environment gets, I'm thinking from a macroeconomic or financial or political, that's when opportunities rear their heads.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: We've seen that historically. So, my question was on Overseas General. There was a – you look at this year, there's just been a notable acceleration in the premium growth, and you talked about some of the drivers. I'm wondering if you can drill down a little bit more and talk about what you think going forward will be the key areas of growth for that business.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yes. I'm going to do that. But what I'm going to do first is hand it to Juan Andrade, who runs that business, and let him speak a little about it. And then we'll come back and have a short chat.
Juan C. Andrade - Chubb Ltd.: Great. Thanks, Jay. As Evan said in his opening comments, our international business is continuing to grow very well in the third quarter and the growth was driven by international retail operations which grew over 8% in constant dollars. London wholesale operations also grew close to 6%. We're seeing the growth accelerate as we continue to implement our strategies and leverage the power of today's Chubb through our expanded distribution, our product capabilities, and our customer segmentation. Our diversified platform in terms of geography, our branches within that geography, our product, our distribution, continues to be a competitive advantage and a key growth driver for us. We saw growth across all of our major lines of business, with commercial P&C leading the growth at 11% in constant dollars. As Evan mentioned, our small commercial and middle market businesses grew 13% with Asia and Latin America contributing with growth of 19%. Personal lines also had very good growth. The investments we have made in technology, product, customer segmentation, and traditional bancassurance and digital distribution are paying off. Our strongest growth continues to come from the emerging markets of Asia and Latin America as a result of our focus on customer segmentation, our consumer lines, and our expanded agency, bancassurance, and growing digital capabilities. In the quarter, Asia grew over 11%, and Latin America 10% in constant dollars. This is consistent with the double-digit growth we experienced last quarter. Our focus on the emerging middle class with targeted product offerings through a multi-channel distribution approach, along with our focus on small commercial, mid-size companies, and offering them a wide product range from technologically advanced front-end systems and accessing them through a wide distribution platform, enabled by our significant branch impressions, has been the backbone of our growth. Australia and Mexico are two examples of these regions of countries that continue to produce excellent results given the product and technology capabilities we have built and deployed and the distribution relationships that we have expanded. We have a well-diversified product and distribution platform, geographic reach, and outstanding management teams. In addition, our underwriting discipline has also paid off, as we have been able to react fast to changing market conditions, while competitors focus on their internal profitability issues. In addition to Asia and Latin America, we also saw meaningful growth contributions from developed markets of Japan and Europe.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very helpful. Thank you, Juan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome, Jay. Will we it will continue? Well, you see momentum building.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Just for Evan, your comment was that you're confident you'll be able to continue to outperform. In your view, does outperform – and I'm assuming that's other competitors in the industry, do you think margin stability over the next, I don't know, X amount of years, X amount of quarters, is going be enough to outperform, or do you think you need margins to expand?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Or need what, need the margins to expand? Is that what was the question?
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Yeah. Yeah. So in other words, when you think about what will make Chubb outperform fundamentally...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: When I think about our performance, I think – when I look at the combined ratios of this company, and I look at the size and scale of this organization, and I look at the breadth of it, geographically, and the customers we serve, and what we do, and you add all of that relevance together to add – to take the size of what this company is, and what we are producing as earnings, and the combined ratio because it's an underwriting company in the risk business, I think the company outperforms. I think it is outperforming.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Got it. And just wanted to maybe hear you opine a little bit on catastrophes. I think year-to-date we're already through I think the level that you thought was a normalized CAT load. And it doesn't seem like numerically there's been a normal CAT year, but I know that things have been kind of tricky. So, how should we – how are you thinking about this year from a CAT standpoint, and why are there more than $1 billion of CATs just three quarters in?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's an elevated CAT year, for sure. I think the math speaks. You can't be – Ryan, it's a global question and a global answer. It's not a U.S.-centric question. Though I think people tend to focus on – in the U.S., on just seeing America and American-related when – just look at the globe, there's a much bigger world out there. And on a global basis, CATs are elevated. This year is elevated. And is it a new normal? There's deviation around the mean. You just look at it over the last bunch of years. It's obviously better than last year, but it is an elevated year. And you look at the CAT losses in Asia, you look at some in Europe, you look at what there's been in the U.S. between from wildfires to water and everything in between, and you look at the fourth quarter of that; this is not an average year if you define average as the mean or the median over the last 10 or 15 or 20 years.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Fair enough. Any indication on how to think about, I guess, the Michael loss and how that might fit within the 4Q budget?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Look, it's early days, and we don't have a good handle on this yet. Our very early indication would say $150 million to $250 million pre-tax net. But you know what; I don't know if it's going be higher than that or lower than that.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Thanks for your answers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Group AG: Thanks. Good morning. A follow-up for Phil on taxes first. There's been a few – at least a few multi-national financial firms that have signaled that this – it's called the base erosion tax, the BEAT is the acronym, it kicks in 2020, could cause the tax rate to creep up in the coming years. But there's still kind of uncertainty which I think you also mentioned as to guidance from the tax authorities. So I know Phil you said 13% to 15% is the right range, but were you speaking to 2018, and more information is needed to determine longer-term?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: That's exactly right. So certainly the BEAT kicked in this year and it's affecting our tax rate this year and it's reflected in our 13% to 15%. But as I said, there's going to be new guidance that's issued around Thanksgiving that will clarify the BEAT provision, and – among other things, and once we get to see that we'll have a better estimate for 2019.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Group AG: Okay, great. And, Evan, kind of wanted to talk about – you've been one of the leading insurers investing and talking about the need to adapt to the digital age. Some of your peers seem to also be increasingly talking about it as well. I don't typically think of CapEx being material for P&C insurers, but I'm curious if it is material these days. And I guess, similarly, some insurers have kind of made technology-oriented acquisitions that maybe could be put in that digital CapEx bucket as well.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: What are you asking me? What's the question?
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Group AG: So just curious if Chubb's CapEx levels are material. We don't typically talk about that, but it seems like there's more and more investments being made in technology-oriented processes and investments. I know you guys have been doing it for years now as well. So just curious if that could...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. And I have tried to be clear about it. I haven't given a number relative to the increase and I'm not doing that. But our CapEx – our investment, both CapEx and non-CapEx-related, because some of it comes directly just through expense and activities that you wouldn't classify as CapEx. So CapEx and that expense related to digital has increased over the last number of years. We have been clear. We spend about $1 billion a year on technology. A good portion of that is CapEx related and capitalized. That would go towards technology related to software, to infrastructure, to communications, et cetera, and to improve your abilities or your insights from customer experience to data analytics and everything in between that. And of the $1 billion, roughly 40% of it is towards development that we classify as digital. And that kind of gives you a sense.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Group AG: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody. I guess my first question goes back to the small commercial space. You posted two consecutive quarters of very, very strong growth. And I hate to nitpick here, but, Evan, I think last quarter you talked about getting this portfolio up to a multi-billion-dollar level within three to five years. So I think even with this growth level, you still would need more. So are you expecting more acceleration of your organic growth or would this require – getting to your target, would that require some inorganic opportunities as well?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, first of all, I don't know how you did your math. Because I gave you a U.S. number, but I didn't give you a basic premium; and gave you an international number where you even have basic premium. And last quarter, we talked about the U.S. alone being at an annualized run rate of $400 million. So I'm going stop right there. I think I've answered the question.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So maybe I misunderstood, because I do remember the $400 million number in the US alone. I thought that multi-billion dollar target was for the U.S. alone. So if I misunderstood, I apologize.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, I think it's global.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I see.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And in any event there, you...
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And I didn't break it down, because I just don't give guidance that way. I didn't break it down – and fair enough, I didn't break it down how much of that would be U.S. and not. But I did leave it vague as to – I gave a range around it and left it vague because I'm really trying to express the intent, the kind of size of opportunity and our confidence in executing it. That's really the point, rather than to allow you to make a point estimate.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I'm not trying to express it and deliver it in a way that makes it sort of work sheet-related.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay, but at least it clarifies my confusion.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And my second question was around the annual A&E reserve update. I guess I was a little surprised to see as low as $12 million of strengthening this quarter. Can you maybe talk about that?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: There were two moving parts in that. One was, we did take a charge from environmental. On the other hand, we had a greater recognition because it just factually came through of recoverables against third parties that helped to offset.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, that's right. So we had $54 million charge as I've said in my commentary on environmental. And then as Evan says, we had the benefit of an increase in our estimate of reinsurance recoverables relating to long outstanding legacy liabilities.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I was hoping to get your perspective on the Lloyd's marketplace based on the new leadership there, and that market's focused on improving its underwriting profitability. What do you envision there, and what are the implications for Chubb? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I know John Neil. I think he's a good man. And I wish him – and he's a good – I think he's a good executive, and I wish him all the best in his role. And on the other hand, it's the chief executive of a marketplace and the governance over a marketplace. The syndicates make their individual decisions regarding underwriting. And there's only so much that the Lloyd's Corporation can do about that, though it has important strategic handles that can pull in the future. The Lloyd's marketplace is important to the industry, but it has longer-term structural issues in my mind that it ultimately has to address. It's a business model where the business seeks the market and comes to the market. That was a model that worked very well before a globalized world and before a digitized world. But I think the world has changed, and I think that the model to survive and remain as robust has got to adapt. Its cost structure is way too high, and the way you access the market is – and underwriters are way too inefficient. Those are the bigger strategic questions. And over time, given the way the world has adapted, there is an element of antiselection that starts creeping into what comes to that marketplace if you fail to adapt. That's my reflection on that, and I'll stop right there.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. We have time for just one more person to ask question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Just a very brief question. We saw administrative expenses in corporate come down significantly on the year-over-year basis. I was wondering whether there's anything unusual in that.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: No, there's nothing unusual. We did have some integration-related savings but there's nothing material – no material change in that.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Meyer, there's some variability quarter to quarter in that line, based on one-off items and that sort of thing.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd. Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd. Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Chubb Limited Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, and welcome to our June 30, 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company's performance and growth, pricing and business mix, digital and distribution initiatives and economic and market conditions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please see our most recent SEC filings, earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of which to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related details are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Good morning. Chubb had a very good second quarter with core operating income of $2.68 per share, up over 7% from prior year. Our results were driven by excellent underwriting and investment results. We produced strong premium revenue growth globally with contributions emerging from a number of our growth initiatives. At the same time, rates continued to firm in a number of important property and casualty related product lines. P&C underwriting income of $824 million benefited from contributions from current accident year results, and positive prior-year reserve releases. Both our P&C combined ratio of 88.4% and our current accident year combined, excluding CATs, of 88.1% were excellent. Year-over-year CAT losses were about flat. On the back of strong cash flow, net investment income of $890 million was up 4%. Book and tangible book per share were essentially flat in the quarter, impacted by the mark from a rise in interest rates and foreign exchange. Excluding the impact of interest rate on the mark which, given we're a buy and hold investor, will eventually amortize back to us over approximately a four-year period, book and tangible were up about 0.7% and 2% respectively. Our annualized core operating ROE in the second quarter was 9.8%. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, CATs and prior-period development. Turning to growth in market conditions, for the company overall, P&C net premium revenue growth was 5.6% for the quarter, or 6.1% excluding Agriculture, with foreign exchange having a 1.5 point benefit. A number of growth-related initiatives that are only possible because of the capabilities created by today's Chubb contributed to our growth this quarter. And I will elaborate a bit as I go on. Commercial P&C pricing for the business we wrote continued to improve in the U.S. and certain territories outside the U.S. In North America, for example, rates overall were up 3% versus 1.9% last quarter and 1% in the fourth quarter. So, the direction of momentum in price firming that we've been seeing now for several quarters continued. At the same time, our renewal retention rates were simply outstanding. In fact, across our entire North America commercial and personal P&C franchise, renewal retention, as measured by premium, was over 95%, recognition of the quality and the compelling nature of Chubb. In our U.S. major account retail and E&S wholesale division, premiums were up almost 4%. Excluding merger-related underwriting actions which are concentrated here, net premiums were up 6%. As I noted last quarter, merger-related actions are now mostly behind us, and of the approximately $150 million, over 60% have already occurred. For major accounts, our renewal retention in the quarter was over 96%, while new business was up 29%. Let me give you some examples of both rate and its movement during the quarter in major accounts. Again, for the business we wrote, rates overall were up 5.2%. That compares to 1.9% for the first quarter and 1% in the fourth quarter. Property rates in major accounts were up 21.5%. Casualty rates in risk management primary casualty were up 1%, while in U.S.-exposed general and specialty casualty, rates were up about 5%. Rates for major account professional lines were up approximately 2% with primary and first excess D&O up 2.6%, so moving in the right direction. For perspective, of our total U.S. professional lines book, which overall runs quite well, 15% represents those areas that are stressed and require corrective actions, which we have been taking, namely, certain areas of public D&O and certain classes of professional liability for financial institutions. The balance, or 85% of the book, runs well. Now, let's turn to our North American middle market and small commercial business, where net premiums were up almost 4.5%, and new business was up 26%, the best growth we've seen from this business since early 2016. In middle market and small commercial, about a quarter of the new business came from growth initiatives put in place since the merger. In middle market premium revenue growth, premium revenue grew about 3.5%. Overall renewal retention was 90%, a full 2 points better than prior quarter. Middle market P&C rates overall, excluding comp, were up 1.7%, and exposure growth added an additional 1.2%. Property rates were up about 1.5%. Casualty-related rates were up about 3%, while package was flat. Comp rates were down 4.1 points, while comp-related exposure was up about 4 points. So, the net impact for middle market comp was essentially flat. Middle market professional lines rates were up with public D&O up 6.3% and private not-for-profit D&O up over 2%. In middle market, rates in the quarter, with the exception of comp, were the strongest we have achieved in several years, continuing a positive trend. Growth in our U.S. small commercial business continued to accelerate in the quarter, albeit from a relatively small base. Net premiums were up 27%. Based on the growth velocity over the last few quarters, we expect this business by year-end to have an annual run rate of over $400 million in premium. Over the next three to five years, it should be in the multi-billion dollar range. And importantly, you wouldn't be seeing that revenue, if it wasn't for today's Chubb. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums were up 6.4% in the quarter. Adjusting for an accounting policy action, growth was closer to 3%. Retention remained very strong at over 96%. We continued to secure a better mix of business in personal lines with new business and renewals skewing towards true high net worth or affluent customers as opposed to the mass affluent, which is our target customer, given the richness of our coverage and services. We are investing to digitally enable the customer service experience in this business. For example, we introduced a mobile app that gives clients access to a variety of digitized services, including insurance ID cards; the ability to contact their agent; notifications that alert them of approaching weather events such as wildfires and hurricanes, so they can take advantage of our prevention and defense services; and an innovative Chubb at the Wheel function that tracks driver behavior and helps clients, particularly teens be better, safer drivers. We're introducing additional functionality to the app every few months and this will become even more exciting over time. Another dimension is our digital marketing to grow our personal lines business by penetrating territories, where we are underrepresented with target customers who are underserviced by mass market carriers. We have digital marketing initiatives underway to attract prospects to Chubb and to independent agents and brokers to help them build their business with leads and improve their service capabilities. These are all good examples of the company investing to distinguish itself in the marketplace. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, net premiums written for our international retail business were up 10.7% or 6% in constant dollars. As I mentioned last quarter, our growth rate outside the U.S. is increasing, and should continue to do so as the year goes along. Asia Pacific and Latin America both grew over 11% in the quarter, with foreign exchange contributing another 3% to 5%, while the Continent was up over 3%, and UK/Ireland was flat. Net premiums for our international middle market and small commercial business, which is a major initiative, given our capabilities today, grew 7% in the quarter in constant dollar on a base that's now about $700 million. Expanded distribution in product, industry expertise and technology capabilities are just some of the complementary strengths that we brought together to grow this business, which is really beginning to take hold and should continue to gain momentum. Growth, in particular, is being driven by our business in Asia and Latin America, the key focus regions for us, where net premiums were up 15% in the quarter. International A&H premiums were up 6.5% in constant dollars, driven by a 11% growth in Asia Pac, while the international personal lines growth was up 10%, driven by a standout performance in Latin America with growth of 25%. Speaking of Latin America, in the quarter, we announced a long-term distribution agreement with Citibanamex, a leading financial institution in Mexico. Under this long-term agreement, together, we will distribute, on an exclusive basis, to their customers, Chubb's non-life insurance products through 1,500 branches in a variety of digital and direct marketing channels. The agreement encompasses a broad variety of personal and commercial P&C coverages for the bank's 12 million individual customers and 400,000 small to medium enterprises. This is another example of an important business partnership made possible because of our growing digital capabilities, which were a key consideration for Citi during their due diligence of us. As for pricing conditions outside the U.S., rates in our international retail and London wholesale businesses varied by line and region, and by country within region. Overall rates were up 4%, property up 8%, financial lines up 6%, and casualty and marine flat. In total, our global A&H business had an excellent quarter with net premiums up nearly 9% or 6.1% in constant dollars. In addition to the strong contribution from international that I just mentioned, A&H net premiums grew about 8.5% in North America. Meanwhile, in our Asia-focused international life insurance business, net premiums and deposits were up 19% in the quarter, and importantly, earnings grew about 170% to $25 million. John Keogh, Paul Krump, Juan Andrade and Ed Clancy can provide further color on the quarter including current market conditions and pricing trends. In closing, we are achieving improved premium revenue growth in many of our businesses around the world. Several of which wouldn't have been possible, but for an organization that was created with so many complementary capabilities, we're continuing to achieve positive rate change momentum in a number of businesses, which is important, so that we are in an adequate risk-adjusted rate of return. Lastly, our digital capabilities are advancing in many corners of the world. We're making steady and substantial progress from signing major distribution agreements to digitally enhancing customer service to reimagining product and customer experience. The scale and the capabilities of Chubb have made our digital efforts, including the level of investment, possible. In sum, our organization is running on all cylinders, and we're optimistic about our ability to continue to perform at a high level. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong, with total capital of $64 billion. Operating cash flow in the quarter was very strong, totaling $1.65 billion. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $663 million to shareholders, including $339 million in dividends and $324 million in share repurchases. Through July 24, we have repurchased $361 million at an average price of about $132 per share. During the quarter, we also redeemed $1 billion of hybrid securities in April, and we repaid $600 million of senior debt that matured in May. Net investment income for the quarter was $890 million, slightly above our expected range due to the higher private equity distributions. Our expected quarterly investment income run rate remains in the range of $875 million to $885 million with an upward trend as the year continues. Book value per share was essentially unchanged and tangible book value per share increased 0.5% in the quarter. Both were negatively impacted by foreign exchange losses and unrealized losses on the investment portfolio caused by rising interest rates. Foreign exchange had a $457 million after-tax negative impact on book value and a $200 million after-tax negative impact on tangible book value. Realized and unrealized losses on the investment portfolio were $407 million after tax. Pre-tax net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $211 million, principally from U.S. weather-related events, and were in line with our expected level for the quarter. We had positive prior period development in the quarter of $191 million pre-tax or $158 million after tax. This included $236 million of pre-tax favorable development, $200 million of which was split approximately 70% from long tail lines, principally for 2014 and prior accident years, and 30% from short tail lines, with another $36 million related to the 2017 CAT events. The favorable development was offset by $45 million of pre-tax adverse development related to our runoff non-A&E casualty exposures, which are included in corporate. Net loss reserves increased about $200 million in the quarter, adjusting for foreign exchange. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 97% in the quarter. Adjusting for PPD, CAT losses and agriculture, the ratio was 91%. Our P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, increased 60 basis points to 88.1%, due in part to a year-over-year increase in certain large structured transactions in our North America commercial insurance business, which increased the loss ratio 1 percentage point and decreased the expense ratio 70 basis points. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.8%. As a reminder, our annual 13% to 15% range reflects the variability of where catastrophe losses and prior period development occurs. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15%. I'll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much, and good morning. So, first question on the – just following up on the professional lines, if my number is correct, you have about 10% overall premiums in U.S. professional surety. You said about 15% in distressed areas, so its overall impact probably is only less than 2% of your portfolio. I just wonder if that math is correct. And how do you feel the overall rising in turmoil, rising social inflation impact your loss PEG, as well as the action you're taking to mitigate them?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, so, Kai, first of all, I'm not sure I quite got everything you said because you said surety, and mentioned surety and profession – our professional lines book is made up of substantially E&O, D&O, our cyber businesses within there, we have surety. And surety, by the way, is a separate line for us from professional lines, so I don't know what you're mixing together, and so that's – all that math, we're going to take it offline. When it comes to the question of the – which I was really making the point that – I hear all this about other liability claims made and conflating it to D&O. And when we have talked about D&O and – public D&O and some of the issues around it, what I thought was important was to put it all in perspective for everyone that, number one, the part we're talking about is 15% of our professional lines business. By the way, other liability claims made is made up of a whole lot more than professional lines. We have environmental liability within there, and a number of other lines as well go in there. So, I was really trying to create perspective. On your question, our loss PEGs and our loss ratios that we select, and that we book, they reflect the environment as we see the environment to be. So, if there are trends in the environment around what you're calling social inflation, which is an interesting euphemism to me, all of that is reflected in the loss PEGs that we have right now and in the loss ratios that we book. Our underwriting actions that we have been taking that relate around portfolio management as well as pricing have been underway for some time within that business, and they continue, period.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. I was referring to in the merger, like a slide deck, you combined U.S. professional lines surety as a 10% overall premium. So, you didn't break down what is exactly U.S. professional lines. That's the point I was trying to make.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Surety is not within our professional lines number.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Then, my second question is on the year-over-year increase about 130 basis points underlying combined ratio in North America commercial P&C, about 70 basis points coming from those large structured transactions. I was hoping you can explain a little bit what are those, and will the impact be like sustainable for the next three more quarters. And also the rest 60 basis point deterioration, what's behind those? Are those non-CAT losses, or other factors?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, the 60 basis points – I mean, first of all, let me take that part first, and then I want to talk about the – just a minute. The combined ratio that we run is simply world-class, it's outstanding. And at the same time, you know what the rate environment is, you know what loss cost trends are, and you have a sense of that. And so it's just straight math that we're – that you have to raise your loss ratios in areas where you're not getting rate and where loss cost trends and loss ratio continues to rise. But the margins are extremely healthy, so when I look at 0.6% in that, I think it's pretty good, especially given the work we do around underwriting, and mix change, and growing other areas more quickly that have an interesting combined ratio signature to them, to mitigate and keep it to a modest level like that. When it comes to the large transaction, let me put this in perspective for everybody. Part of major accounts, which is our risk management business – within major accounts is our risk management business. We're the largest provider of services to large corporations that self-insure their comp and casualty exposures. We provide substantial risk transfer excess coverages, and all of the services around the self-funded portions. It's a complex and it's a large business. We're the best at it and have been in it for many years. It's a core part of our franchise. By its nature, it has always had elements of lumpiness. Think about it. On one hand, large accounts which renew periodically with large premiums, we have good persistency, but you win some, you lose some now and again. By its nature, accounts also – this business also has, and these accounts have, one-off transactions. We write these just about every quarter. Some quarters, they're bigger than others. This quarter, we wrote more than usual because of a larger transaction, and that's what we disclosed. And, by the way, we disclosed it only for the purpose of telling you the impact on loss ratio and expense ratio in the quarter. Otherwise, we wouldn't have mentioned it, simply because it's part of what we normally do and write, period.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. Before I let you go, I just want to say best wishes for Evan for your retirement. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Did you say best wishes for my retirement? 
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Not there yet.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I hope not.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Kai, you're a good man.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo Securities.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. My first question, I appreciate all the disclosure on the pricing environment. As we think forward from here and in the third quarter, we start to annualize when we really started to see pricing momentum on the commercial lines side next year. I guess I'm just curious for some of your thoughts on, we don't have a large CAT year this year, and in addition, if interest rates continue to rise, do you think that pricing momentum can continue to improve from the improved levels that you guys saw in the second quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Elyse, first of all, pricing didn't begin to move till the fourth quarter. It really wasn't the third quarter. It was very, very modest in the third quarter. It was fourth quarter. So I think that's the first point I'd make. Secondly, look, I'm going to speak in a rational way, and markets aren't always rational. The pricing trend we see should continue, and we will continue to, as a core part of our strategy for Chubb's business, to push on that. Understand that the market remains competitive, and where it's about capacity, which is a lot of the market and a lot of the players who talk, pricing is not very interesting. It's stable to slightly up or down. But so much of the business – so much of what Chubb does is about more than capacity. They engage with Chubb because of capabilities and service quality. And then, we also have substantial portions of our business that are not subject to the same cycle, commercial cycle. In my mind, we're going to continue to insist on achieving price that is adequate to achieve a reasonable risk adjusted return in those classes where we need to. And I think we're doing a pretty good job of it, and I don't see at the moment that ameliorating.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, in terms of inflation, we've also heard some discussion about Paris and international issues potentially leading to higher inflation as well. What's your just view on that one as well?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, tariffs are a complex subject. They have an interesting timing to them. I mean, first of all, many, as you know, right now are reporting earnings and people are saying already, wow, I don't see an impact to the tariffs. So many goods are purchased and contracts are signed so long in advance, and so to find its way into the stream of commerce, into the pipeline in a meaningful way, takes time, number one. Number two, what is the actual dollar amount of tariffs today, versus what's being talked about, relative to the size of the economy and relative to the size of exports and imports? It's not a large percentage. And it is on goods, mostly on goods. So the inflation impact, if it's going to occur, should be relatively modest, will occur over time, and let's see what happens in trade overall. The tariffs aren't for the purpose of simply tariffs for their own sake. They're part of a strategy to achieve what the President would say is more fair and balanced trade. We'll see what kind of outcome that leads to.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: We will now take a question from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning. In your opening comments, you talked about operating cash flow. And if we look at the consolidated financial highlights table for the first half of the year 2018, it looks like operating cash flow was up 33%. Perhaps you could provide a little more color behind that.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, I would say there's a couple of things. We had very strong cash flow from underwriting as part of our operating cash flow, and there were a lower level of tax payment. It's just a timing, but the tax payments were down substantially, which contributed substantially to the higher cash flow in the period.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So, looking at that same table, Philip, the combined ratio was actually up for the six months 2018 versus 2017. You said the underwriting is better?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Do not mix up incurred loss and paid loss.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Right.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: So, it really is on a cash basis.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it, right.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You can take that offline, if you want to get into accounting.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. No, no, no, that's fair. You talked a little bit about the digital efforts both in your press release and your commentary. And there's a lot in the marketplace around emerging technology ideas around distribution, potential AI. And I was wondering if you could just give us an update on how you're approaching your global IT budget this year versus last year and what your view is on all these emerging distribution ideas that are coming into the marketplace.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I'll give you what we've said publicly. We spend about $1 billion a year on IT, and that's a substantial amount of money. A very substantial – a large portion of that is in new development and – both in terms of improving legacy technology, in terms of infrastructure, for cloud-enabled and anytime-anywhere access in processing, and in terms of new front-end capabilities, including marketing, sales, analytics, data scraping, all of the things that would go into – API development, all the things that would go into connecting externally, both with platforms and directly to consumer and to enable the customer experience, because it's all about the customer experience. We are doing that on a global scale. We're doing it in Asia, Latin America, and the U.S. predominantly. And that is, we're in – we've been working at it for a number of years, and it is all part of digitizing this organization, so that it thrives in the digital age, period, just like anything has to thrive in the digital age, including you as an individual. You remain analog, you are history.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And just as a follow-up to that point, when I think about what you guys have spent in terms of stuff around the mobile technology, do you think that's going to be more relevant in personal lines than commercial lines? Or do you think mobile technology's going to have a role in the commercial lines business?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, it already does in the commercial lines business. It is personal, it is small commercial, it is micro commercial, and it's moving up into the middle market, and – whereas the large account business is more about the anytime-anywhere servicing of the business and engineering, which is important to all the constituents, from individual to large corporate, that will be revolutionized over time with IoT capabilities that are installed fundamentally everywhere, from the building to goods and transit to your home.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: We will now take a question from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody. My first question relates to the North America commercial business. So, I think you'd answered Kai's question about the other factors driving the accident year loss ratio up. Do you think with the rate increases that you've achieved so far and what you see in the pipeline, are lost cost trends being more offset now by these rate increases? Should we see less of that pressure point coming from loss cost trends?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: It's going to vary by line of business. And it's all about casualty-related lines, and it will vary by line. In some lines, I think the rate of increase is enough to keep pace with loss cost trends. I think in some other areas, it's not; and in some of those, underwriting actions and how we manage portfolio will help to balance that out, and in some it won't. So it's a combination, it's a mixed bag. You can't simply generalize.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And if you had a crystal ball that you'd be wanting to share with us...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, okay. Going to the professional liability line for a second...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Hey, buddy, if I had a crystal ball, I wouldn't be doing this.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, you may be doing this and enjoying it even more.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: There could be that, too.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Going to the professional liability block for a second, so you said that about 15% of it required some corrective action right now. How does that compare to where that block was a year ago? And based on the data you have in front of you today, do you expect that 15% to increase or decrease, stay relatively the same over the next year?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We expect it to decrease. And it – how I compare a year ago to today? Slightly down. And I expect next year it will be lower.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll now take a question from Jay Gelb of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. I was hoping to focus on a couple of emerging issues. The first one is on the Japan floods, which seem to be among the worst on record. Just trying to think about what the insurance and reinsurance exposure might be for Chubb there.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Right – look, it's still emerging, and we don't know with certainty, but we don't expect it to be a significant event to Chubb.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, potentially a tougher one...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: From what I hearing so far, relatively modest.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I appreciate that. An emerging area of asbestos risk appears to be coming from talc-related exposure, including J&J having a nearly $5 billion judgment against it within the past few weeks. I'd like your perspective on whether you think this as a new area of potential asbestos risk for the industry, and perhaps what it could mean for Chubb.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: First, Jay, let me ask you a question, did your mother use baby powder on you when you were little?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Getting very personal here.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: 
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Look, it – asbestos has had – there have been new targets of – cohorts of business every few years, so that's not a new trend or new things in the industry, number one. You look at – it could have been congoleum manufacturers who made floor tiles. It was those who made motors and small motors, as you know, and so it was determined they had asbestos. So, this gets a headline because it's big, it's baby powder. There is science right now, there's facts, as it would seem, that are both sides, so who knows? And I'm not going to speculate about it. We see what you see and read what you read, and we'll just see how the facts emerge. But there wasn't – in the grand theme, when I think around asbestos, that did not startle me. And by the way, this about baby powder has been around. This is not like it just came up in the last few months. This has been out there for a reasonably long period of time.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, it doesn't sound like this issue is something that's keeping you up at night.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No. I got – my brain – no, it's crowded – that's crowded out with a lot of other things.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. My final question, if I think about how Chubb has done kind of a soft quantification of excess capital, I'm coming up with $4 billion to $5 billion of excess capital. Should we think about how that might get deployed over some period of time, if acquisition opportunities aren't available?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: There will be – there are organic growth opportunities. We're in the risk business. There are acquisitions to complement what we do organically, and we are patient, and if we have surplus capital at a point that is beyond what we and our board feel is prudent to have for both risk and to grow the company, then we will return it to shareholders in some form. And I think you see that since the beginning of the second quarter, we've brought back approximately $360 million worth of shares at, I might say, a price of about $132. And had we bought back in the first quarter, it would have been at a higher price.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's right. Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: We now move to Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We just finished with Jay Cohen. We're going to Paul Newsome, I think.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Different Jay.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: That was Jay Gelb.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Oh, that was Jay Gelb, sorry.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's okay. We get confused – there's worse people I could be confused with, so. I had a question on the life earnings. We've had top line growth for some time. This quarter, we actually saw the earnings begin to pick up pretty noticeably. I'm wondering really what's behind that.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I just want to give an overarching on that, and then let Phil add to that. We have grown this business fundamentally from dust. And we've been saying for some time that by the nature of the life business, when you're growing it, particularly agency business, you're growing distribution, and you're growing the premium pretty rapidly. And by its nature, the way the economics work in that business, you're plowing back in, and until it reaches – your in-force reaches a certain scale, that – the earnings from the in-force begin to emerge and that begins to overwhelm what you're plowing back in to keep growing the business. And so we said that it was hitting a point of maturity, and that you'd begin to see earnings emerge, and that is exactly what is taking place. It didn't surprise us. Go ahead, Phil. Go ahead.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: The only thing I'd add to that is that we had very strong growth in Asia Pac, and we saw higher investment income because we've begun to grow the assets under management. So, I think the point that Evan makes together with that is what's creating the growth. In addition, our combined North America group also has some earnings momentum.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: But what I mentioned in my commentary was the international life business.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Yes, I'm talking about the overall life.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We now take a question from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. A couple of questions. One, I wanted to briefly revisit the sort of sustainability of price increases. I think, in the first quarter, Chubb was suggesting that, sort of, month by month, you were seeing modest acceleration, and that gave us a lot of confidence that as we get into the second quarter, we'd see even more. Has that sort of month by month improvement in the pricing environment continued through the second quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, well, June was the best month of the quarter.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: So, that's good news. And then, my second question is a little bit more broad. I've got some smaller companies and such that are arguing that technology has changed such that a lot of the outsourced technology is just as good as the larger companies can produce on their own, which suggests that for the bigger companies, that the benefits of scale have reduced because of changes in the technology over time. Do you think that that's true, or have any view on that topic?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, yeah. First of all, whether you build the technology or you buy it – and most of it you're buying, but you're not buying, like, simply something ready-made out of a box. You're buying different components of technology, and you're putting them together to make them work. And by the way, whether you build it or you buy it, it costs money. And so how much do you have that you can afford to spend? And by the way, on what scale can you do it? Across how many geographies, how many customer areas and product areas can you do it? And then, data. Who's got data? And by the way, your ability to acquire data, and your ability to – again, tools, put in place tools that can help you gain insight into that data. I think, well, if you don't have scale, sure, you have a strategy, and sure, you can thrive, whether it's analog or it's digital, but you get to a certain size and I'll tell you what, scale matters.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Terrific. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: We will now take a question from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Hi. Thank you. A couple of mine were asked, but let's go to some other ones. Evan, the Citi deal you mentioned in Mexico, can you just give us – I know you mentioned the number of branches and so forth, but can you give us some perspective, would this be one of your top three relationships in Mexico or some other way to give us a sense of the magnitude of this.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I can tell you pretty clearly it's our largest single relationship in Mexico.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Ian, the way to put it, Chubb is the second largest non-life writer now in Mexico. We were number seven only a few years ago. We have a, what continues to be good growth business, and with – that is stable with good combined ratios. It's an agency-driven business, and brokerage and direct marketing. We have, like, 62 branches across the country. We have thousands of agents. And that's the predominant source of the business. Now, what we've added is a substantial relationship that will complement that, open up a whole new channels of opportunity for us. With our product set, we're the second largest auto writer in the country, as an example. They have many auto customers. We write small commercial. We write surety, we write accident and health, we write middle market commercial. All of that will now also be offered through their branches, and through digital and direct marketing to their customers. So, it adds another dimension to what is a great business.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: That sounds great. And is there opportunity to do something similar on the A&H side? Obviously, a lot of this is direct marketed as well. Or is that a different channel, or is there opportunity to do that over time too?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: In the Citibanamex?
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Yeah.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Oh, it includes all of our accident and health.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay, I'm sorry. I thought you said...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: That will be distributed – that's distributed digitally, that's distributed with – digital. Most digital, by the way, you start the transactions digitally, and in many instances, you complete them with a phone call – with a phone. They want to talk...
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right, right, right.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: ...whether it's small commercial or it's whatever. So you're mixing and matching direct channels plus through their branches.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: So, all of our accident and health is actually a core product area in the strategy with Citibanamex.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Perfect. And just one on the large account business, the major accounts. And I guess, normally, I'd be very happy to hear very high retention, very strong new business. I guess my one question is, if we could dive a little deeper and just sort of where that's coming from, and I guess my concern is, given emerging loss trends in liability and, to some extent, professional, maybe I can make a case that large accounts – and just given some of the outsized jury awards and stuff we're seeing, maybe it's a good time to, frankly, be pruning a large account book and being a little bit more careful on who you're willing to insure at this point. Can you give us some sense of how you're managing that with still being able to grow and keep our retention?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, we're not – I think you're conflating a whole bunch of different things in there.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Casualty loss trends have been behaving pretty well. And Paul O'Connell could give a little bit on that, but what we see is frequency trends have actually been down, and severity trends have been reasonably modest. So, we haven't seen some pickup adversely in casualty. We have – we talked about public D&O, and I'll just put that to the side. The one thing you should know and remember, what I said is, this quarter our U.S. exposed large account casualty, we've got 5 points of rate. We're pressing on rate and terms. By the way, you write excess casualty in large account business, it's about attachment point.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I know the terms is much or more than it is about simply price or rate. We're underwriters. We measure this all the time. And we have a – with all that said, in our underwriting discipline, by the way, we're presented an awful lot of business to write that we just don't win, we don't have a chance to win because of terms and rates. You offer me a book of business that I know versus a business I don't know, so renewal retention, a customer I know and that I have on the books is the better customer.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: For sure. For sure. I guess my premise was, it seems like we're seeing social inflation start to pick up, yeah.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: It's sort of like, if we don't like the rate, if we can't make an underwriting profit, and we don't like the rate, we're walking away.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Oh, of course, understood, absolutely, absolutely. I was just thinking more – the reason I was asking more on the large account side was, it seems like we're seeing this pickup in sort of nine-figure jury awards nationwide. And again, I know a lot is anecdotal, but it does seem like there's a pickup, and I would've thought large account would be the place where there'd be the most concern just because of the limits involved for the small to mid.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We're not – what you're seeing anecdotally, we're not seeing on a portfolio basis.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And we write large – and I'm trying to relate to it. We write large limit – high limit excess out of Bermuda, and that's behaving reasonably well, although (56:45) it has a long tail. We're writing in our U.S. casualty business, in our excess in particular, because you're not talking primary now. We write within the first $100 million of limit, and typically we're putting out $15 million to $25 million net, so you don't have huge limits exposed to those great one-offs. And then, by the way, what you see as a jury award and what you see as ultimate settlement, it's even – keep that in mind, too, Ian.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Understood, agreed. All right. Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: We will now take a question from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Just a brief question, administrative expenses on a year-over-year basis grew more than in the first quarter, and I was hoping that you could talk a little bit about what's driving that.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Nothing, nothing in particular. Just normal operations, and then I assume you adjusted for foreign exchange, when you did that.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Yeah, to the best of my ability. Okay. Second question, can you talk a little bit about workers' compensation in the United States? I mean, we're seeing rate decreases, but generally improving profitability. So, I was just hoping for some insights in terms of like the macro picture.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Well, the macro picture, you have record low unemployment, which actually can play – cut both ways on workers' comp. You have less experienced workers on the job, so you have to be careful. We've been seeing frequency up until now, frequency of loss has been down. Severity has been reasonably tame. And so overall loss cost trends have been good in comp. I think you have to – in my own mind, the market is reacting to that, the insurers, and comp has become more competitive. And I think you have to be careful that you're not too aggressive, you overshoot the market. That's the bigger picture for me.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: And we have time for just one more person to ask questions, please.
Operator: We will take this question from Brian Meredith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Just a couple quick ones here for you. First, crop or agricultural insurance domestically in the U.S., obviously a big drop in corn prices, soybean prices, given the tariffs. How far away from the kind of threshold are we – where we're going to see some loss to that business or profitability be meaningfully impacted?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, Brian, I'll make two comments. First, the condition of the crop – and I can speak to Chubb's book only, given our – where I know our concentrations are, the corn crop – it's too early on soybeans – the corn crop, which is our number one crop, is in as good a condition as, or better than last year and the last five-year average. Number two, the price drop, corn was at $3.66, I believe, yesterday. I don't watch this too closely. And I think February contracts were like – when we priced were like in the $3.80 range, so it's within deductibles. So you're not at that threshold as you'd say. When you look at soybeans, the average that farmers buy on our book is about 20% deductible. Corn they buy a little less, closer to 15%. And you're – at this moment where soybeans was, which was $8 and change, you're right around or within the deductibles.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And then just two quick numbers questions for Phil. Phil, other income looked a little odd this quarter. Anything unusual there? And then also on interest expense, same question.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, so on other income, we had higher than expected PE income, where we own greater than 3%. So, when we have a partial ownership that's bigger than 3%, we include that in other income, and that was higher than we expected. We also had higher income on our investment, our insurance investment in China. And then, last year, we had a one-off capital charge in Switzerland. And all that drove the change year-to-year in other income.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: And then with interest expense, as we've said in the past, we have interest expense that includes both fixed and variable components, and the higher-than-expected expense in this quarter related to the variable component. We had more interest expense paid on collateral that we hold for clients, and we also had a higher usage of various facilities that we use to manage our cash around the world.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: So, is that $177 million number a good run rate number or is there...
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: I would use a range of $170 million to $175 million.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen M. Wilson - Chubb Ltd. Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd. Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd. Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd. Paul O’Connell - Chubb Ltd. John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd.
Analysts: Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP
Operator: Good day and welcome to Chubb Limited First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen M. Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, and welcome to our March 31, 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, economic and market conditions. These are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our most recent SEC filings, earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available at investors.chubb.com. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Good morning. We reported first quarter operating income of $2.34 per share, down about 5.5% from prior year. Our results were impacted by natural catastrophe losses, which were up $175 million pre-tax over prior. CATs in the quarter were concentrated in two geographic regions where we're strong. Montecito, California, an affluent community with the mudslides, and the Northeast with the winter storms. CATs aside, we had an excellent quarter, highlighted by world-class underwriting performance, strong net investment income results and good premium revenue growth in many of our businesses, particularly in the U.S. and a number of important classes, while at the same time achieving improved rate increases. Core operating income excluding CATs in prior period reserve development was $2.63 per share versus $2.50 prior year, up over 5%. Book and tangible book value were up slightly in the quarter since we were impacted by the mark from a rise in interest rates. That's actually a good thing, since it speaks to improved future investment income earning power. Our annualized core operating ROE in the quarter was 8.7% or 9.7% with an expected level of CATs. We reported a P&C combined ratio of 90.1%, which included 5.8 points of CATs. On a current accident year basis, excluding catastrophes, the P&C combined ratio was 87.6% and an improvement over prior year. For your information, the current accident year combined ratio with an expected level of CATs, my preferred measure, was 90.7% versus 91.2% prior year. Net investment income was $877 million, up 5% over prior year. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, the catastrophes and prior period development. Turning to market conditions in the quarter, commercial P&C pricing for the business we wrote continued to improve in the U.S. and most territories outside the U.S. At the same time, our renewal retention rates overall were good and new business, particularly in the U.S., was up. In some classes, customer segments and territory, we are seeing a clear direction and momentum in price firming. In others, it's more chaotic, as some companies, particularly those with experience in a class, moved for needed rate, while others less experienced were simply lacking leadership moved for growth at the expense of rate adequacy, a short-term strategy. Given the variability in rates by customer segment and territory, and to give you greater clarity into current market conditions, I'm going to provide a fair amount of pricing detail by our five major lines of business. P&C net premium revenue growth for the company was 5.8% for the quarter or 3.5% in constant dollars. And given all I know, I fully expect that growth rate to continue to improve, particularly outside the U.S., as the year goes along. In our U.S. major account retail and E&S wholesale division, what we call Major Accounts and Specialty, P&C net written premiums were up 3.5%. Excluding merger-related actions, net premiums were up 6%. As I noted last quarter, merger-related actions are now almost all behind us and of the $150 million we will take this year, $48 million, or over 30% occurred in the first quarter. For major accounts, our renewal retention in the quarter was 95%. New business in major accounts was up 14%. Let me give you some examples of both rate and its movement during the quarter in Major and Specialty. Again, for the business we wrote in major accounts, rates overall were up 1.9% for the quarter, double what we achieved in the fourth quarter, and by March, they were up 4%. Property rates were up 13% in the quarter, casualty rates and risk management primary casualty were up 1.5%, while in general and specialty casualty, rates were up over 3%, both the best in some time. In the quarter, rates for major accounts professional lines overall turned positive, the first time in some time, with primary and first access D&O rates up 2.3%; not what we want, but a move in the right direction. In E&S wholesale, rates overall were up 5% for the quarter and improving to 6% in March. Property rates were up 8% in the quarter. Casualty was up 4% and financial lines rates were up 2.5%. Now let's turn to our middle market business where P&C net written premiums were up 3.5% and financial lines premiums were down 0.5%. Overall renewal retention was 88% and new business growth for our middle market business was up 6%. Middle market P&C rates overall excluding comp were up 1%, and exposure growth added an additional 1%, the best in a number of quarters. Property was up 1%, casualty related was up 2% and package was flat. Comp rates were down about 4.5 points, while comp-related exposure was up about 3. So net pricing for middle market comp was down about 1.5. Middle market professional lines rates were up with public D&O up 6% and private, not-for-profit D&O up 1%. In middle market overall, rates in March were the strongest of the quarter in virtually every line. In our North America personal lines business, net written premiums were up 6.5% in the quarter. Rates were up 2.5%, the strongest increase in many quarters. Exposure change added an additional 3.5%. Retention remained very strong at 96.5% and we are achieving a better mix of business in personal lines, with new business and renewals skewing towards true high net worth as opposed to mass affluent. Now, turning to our Overseas General Insurance operations, net written premiums for our international retail P&C were up 8.5% or 2% in constant dollars. We fully expect growth will meaningfully accelerate from the second quarter onward. Asia-Pacific and Latin America grew 10% and 4%, respectively in the quarter, while the Continent was down 2.5% and UK was up 1.5%, all in constant dollar. In international retail, rates varied by line and region and by country within region. Overall, rates were up 1%; while not stellar, the best we've seen in a few years. Property rates were up 3% and varied between up 12% in Latin America to down 2% in the UK. Financial lines rates were up 1%, ranging between up 4% in the UK and Asia to flat on the Continent and in Latin America. Casualty rates were flat and marine was down, though it varied between up 8% in the UK to down 3% in Asia. Of the major markets in the world overall, the market that remains most disappointing is the UK in both wholesale and retail, with the exception of D&O, which is beginning to firm like it is in the U.S., Australia and a few other markets. Our global A&H business had a good quarter with net premiums up 8%, driven by our international business, which was up about 12% or almost 6% followed – in constant dollar followed by our combined insurance business in North America, which was up 8%. Meanwhile in our Asia-focused international life insurance business, net premiums and deposits were up 17% in the quarter. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In the quarter, we announced a distribution partnership with Singapore-based Grab, the leading on-demand transportation company in Southeast Asia, with operations in 8 countries. This is another example of Chubb's efforts to advance our distribution capabilities. In closing, we're off to a very good start to the year. Our heavier CATs, catastrophe activity impacted our financial results, it's the business we're in and they have not slowed down our operational or strategic progress. We achieved better pricing and growth momentum is building in a number of important businesses. Our people are 100% focused on what we do best; underwriting, marketing, selling and servicing. Beyond our hallmark as an underwriting company, we are first in the service business and our brand is all about providing exceptional service. In that regard, in case you didn't see it, J.D. Power recently ranked Chubb number two in overall customer satisfaction for homeowners' property claims behind Amica Mutual. National Underwriter in its nationwide Risk Manager Choice Award awarded Chubb top honors as the best commercial insurance provider. Chubb was also ranked number one in commercial claims satisfaction by brokers and risk managers according to Advisen. We are grateful for the votes of confidence from our customers and distribution partners. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Phil and then, we'll be back to take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong, with total capital of $66 billion. Our portfolio of cash and high-quality investments totaled $104 billion and we have capital generating power. As I'm sure Evan will tell you, we are retaining capital for risk and flexibility for future opportunities and we are extremely patient. Overall, liquidity is excellent and even with the negative portfolio mark-to-market in the quarter caused by rising interest rates, we remain in an unrealized gain position. In 2018 to date, S&P and Fitch have affirmed our group ratings with stable outlooks, and Moody's has affirmed these ratings with a positive outlook. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $332 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and paid off $300 million of debt that matured in March. We also issued $2.2 billion of debt in the European market that was used to redeem the $1 billion of floating rate hybrid securities on April 6 and we're going to repay at maturity senior debt, totaling $1.2 billion due through 2019. Net investment income for the quarter was $877 million, which was just over the top of the expected range due to increased call activity in the company's corporate bond portfolio. Our expected quarterly investment income run rate is now in the range of $875 million to $885 million, with a continuing upward trajectory throughout the year. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $550 million, which included over $500 million of catastrophe loss payments. Operating cash flow together with the proceeds from our $2.2 billion debt offering will help support the growth in investment income. Book and tangible book value per share remained essentially unchanged from last quarter as core operating income and the positive impact of foreign exchange were offset by the net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter of $586 million after tax. This amount includes an unrealized loss of $988 million from the investment portfolio due to rising interest rates, partially offset by a $310 million gain from FX and a $60 million mark-to-market gain on our VA portfolio. Pre-tax net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $380 million, as previously announced, and are further detailed in our financial supplement. We had positive prior period development in the quarter of $209 million pre-tax or $166 million after tax. This included $106 million pre-tax favorable development related to the 2017 CAT events and $76 million pre-tax favorable development related to the 2017 crop year loss estimates. Our net loss reserves are in good shape and reflect our conservative reserving philosophy of reacting early to bad news and waiting to reflect good news on long tail lines until we are comfortable that the accident period has sufficiently matured. Net loss reserves were flat in the quarter and decreased by $300 million on a constant dollar basis, reflecting the impact of the favorable prior period development and a high level of catastrophe and crop insurance payments in the quarter. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 103% in the quarter. Adjusting for these items, the ratio was 91%. Other operating expense improved $9 million from the prior year, primarily due to higher than expected income from our equity method investments that are included in core operating income. Adjusted interest expense was $169 million pre-tax in the quarter. Factoring in the new year (00:17:39) debt issued in March and the repayment of the $1 billion hybrids in April, we expect our quarterly adjusted interest expense to be approximately $165 million pre-tax per quarter for the remainder of the year. The 2017 tax reform act favorably impacted the expected range of our annual tax rate by 3 points. Our current estimate remains in the range of 13% to 15%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 12%, which was lower than our expected range, primarily due to the level of U.S. catastrophe events in the quarter. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen M. Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. My first question, Evan, I appreciate all the disclosure in terms of the pricing environment. As you think out from here, if we see a combination of higher interest rates and if reinsurance rates start to go down at the upcoming mid-year renewal, do you think, in your mind, can the upward momentum continue in the primary insurance market?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I don't see the change in interest rates. Those will all take time to earn in and make any kind of meaningful difference. So imagine the duration of invested asset when you think about rise in interest rates and how it – and the time it takes to cast a meaningful shadow on investment income. So I don't see that. Secondly, the yield curve and interest rates starts speaking about inflation, so I keep that in mind. So, no, I don't see that. And in reinsurance, I think you're more thinking about CAT related, which is only a fraction of the reinsurance market, that everyone just remains obsessed about. And you've got to note that the balance of reinsurance, particularity in casualty-related, it didn't have a lot of firming to it, but it had some firming to it. And I don't see the mid-year as the big date for casualty-related reinsurance anyway.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And in your annual letter, you highlighted and spoke about the progress that you guys are making in building out your small commercial initiatives. Can you just provide us an update on where you sit today, where you see that business going? And as you guys think about potential acquisitions and deals that you might do, is this something that you see yourselves potentially building out those efforts via a deal or is the goal just continue to build that business organically?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, at this time, I just see us continuing to build that business organically. We are an extremely large player in middle market, particularly in the United States, where we're a leader in that business. We're in the top three. And that is, we have all the parts and pieces, and in fact, more than most any other company does. And it is simply in the execution of that, and we're on track as we see growth in that. And then, our small commercial activities in the U.S., on the back of our strong agency distribution and branch network, the technology we've built and are deploying, and the underwriting insights that particularly we gain out of that middle market book of business we've got and all the product we filed and put in place, that business, even though you win it, $1,500 a customer, is growing robustly, and I'm confident that that will cast a meaningful shadow over time on the company's results. And the same goes internationally. In selected markets throughout Asia and Latin America in particular, though beginning to occur in Europe, we've used the knowledge that we have within the organization, particularly gained through the merger, along with the presence, the strong presence we have around the world, and we are building distribution, and we are building product, and we are actively growing, and I got to tell you, one of the growth areas in international, major growth areas for us, along with A&H and consumer lines, is our middle market and small commercial business internationally. And we've already got a meaningful book and it's growing, and that business is robust.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you and one last question. You guys didn't buy back any stock in the quarter. The stock was obviously a bit cheaper than in the fourth quarter. Could you just update us on your view on buybacks and why you chose not to repurchase any stock in the first quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You've mentioned sort of acquisitions and you've mentioned capital and buyback, and so why don't I glue all that together for you and kind of give one clear thought that maybe is on people's minds right now. Look, we are patient long-term builders and investors. Money does not burn a hole in our pocket and we retain capital for growth and risk. We've bought back now and again. But as you also noted in the shareholder letter and what we showed investors last fall, look at the return we achieved by deploying our capital intelligently for growth, organically and through acquisition, versus a look back if we had used it for buybacks. It created far greater value. And I go a step further. Like many other asset classes, P&C assets are currently pricey, and at current prices don't generally make a lot of sense. Prices paid for recent transactions may make sense to others, but they don't for us. As we've said, any transaction that we do must advance strategy in what we are doing already organically, while creating a good risk-adjusted return to shareholders, and I think our track record over the last 14 years speaks for itself in that regard. So, again, we'll have capital flexibility, but we're patient and we'll wait for a different period.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. I was hoping you could kind of address a big picture ROE question. I would imagine that at some point you'd like to have a very solidly double-digit ROE again. And I was wondering what you think are the – what is sort of the road map to get there over time for Chubb, given its current position and the current market environment.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Paul, I think you have to take a kind of picture view of this. First of all, on a normalized basis, we ran about a 9.7% ROE, surplus capital right now, scrubs about three quarters of a point off our ROE. So we're in double-digit on a deployed capital. Remember, if you – particularly when we did the acquisition, we have more goodwill on our balance sheet, that is income-producing asset, and that'll lower the ROE a little bit, and on a tangible basis, it accelerates, grows much more quickly. So I think you got to keep that in mind. Number two, we told you before what 100 basis points of investment income improvement in the invested asset rate does for the company. It lifts the ROE 100 to 200 basis points. So you got to keep that in mind. And I'll stop right there.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: No, those are good pieces. I'm not criticizing the current ROE. I just figure there's probably a greater ambition in the future, but thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We are ambitious.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. So, I have a question. My first question is on the margin, underlying margin in North America and personal line. If you see other major segments, have seen improvements year-over-year, North America in personal line deteriorated about 140 basis points. What's the reason behind that? Any sort of non-CAT weather behind it?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We're going to ask Paul Krump to take a shot at that. He manages that business, reports to it.
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Morning, Kai. Thanks for the question. Yeah, just to level set for the other listeners, the personal lines current accident year loss ratio excluding CATs was 53.3% in Q1. That was up slightly from 52.4% in Q1 of last year. What we experienced here in the past quarter was moderately elevated losses over expected resulting from, number one, random larger fires, but then as you say, Kai, we experienced some elevated non-CAT weather. That's really mainly water coming from burst pipes just from the cold and then a lot of downed trees that type of thing on homes and busted windows and that type of – roofs and that type of thing. So, that's really what's driving it.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Could you quantify that impact?
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I did. Yeah.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. So my second question...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Kai, that was the increase in the loss ratio.
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, right there.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's all of that, right? I just wonder is there underlying factors between pricing and the loss ratio.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You've got to put fire and water. I mean, there was no pestilence or vermin.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right, got it.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: (00:30:12) sometimes it's pretty simple.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sure. Then my second question is on the loss trends and reserves. So, weather (00:30:19) trends you're seeing in the U.S. casualty lines? And if you look at your Schedule T data, it shows that your accident year loss ratio are all higher than the initial PICC in recent years. What's driving that development? And also, in 2017, if you look at the accident year loss ratio for the other liability claims made, lines, those are lower than your initial and current PICC for the 2016, like a loss PICC. So, Evan, you talked about it in your annual letter that – you talk a lot about the rising frequency of class action suits. So, why is that 2017 PICC actually improved from the prior year?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Mouthful. You've thought about this one and we're really ready for it, Kai. I'm going to ask Paul O'Connell, our Chief Actuary to take a whack at this. Paul?
Paul O’Connell - Chubb Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, Kai. First, I'm sure you're aware of the limitations of using Schedule T data for reserve analysis, especially for long-tail lines like other liability. The experiences is aggregated. It's an aggregation of many different product lines with different underlying characteristics, including development pattern. With respect to our recent accident year development, we analyze our reserves at a very granular level, well below the Schedule T product line. When you get down to that low level of detail, it's not surprising to see higher than expected reported losses in select portfolios early in the life of an accident year. As Phil stated in his commentary, for the most part, we react to bad news quickly and are patient and wait to react to good news only when we believe the accident year is sufficiently mature for the results to be credible. So that's what you're seeing in these product lines. Specifically, with respect to the 2017 accident year for other liability claims made, the improvement in our loss ratio is due to underwriting actions on our part. Our portfolio management has led to a shift in mix among product lines, and within a product line a shift in classes of business. So that's really what's driving it.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Evan, could you comment further on the sort of like the class action litigation suits and what's the loss cost trend there?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: To maybe give you a little – yeah, we'll comment on that, but maybe to put it in perspective in professional lines for us. And then, if not satisfied, I'll go back and embellish on it. But I'm going to ask John Keogh to maybe comment on that a little bit for you.
John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd.: Sure. Good morning, Kai. I think the first point I'd make, when you look at other claims made in liability, I think people sometimes go right to D&O as a proxy for that. There's a lot of business that makes up our financial lines book around the globe that's claims made. So, besides the fact that we have a large diversified business around the globe of D&O coverages, whether they're publicly traded, or private, or not-for-profit, that business also includes all sorts of lines of D&O coverages for our various services throughout the world, fidelity coverages, fiduciary and pension trust liability, employment practices liability, and a growing book of cyber-related coverages. And all of that is done in this big market with different at any moment in time loss cost patterns. So let me just level set from that point of view. And as you can imagine, the way we run our business and the way we manage it is really dozens of very unique portfolios of this business that we have around the globe, where there's very granular underwriting analysis, underwriting results that we track, very distinct loss development, and we also look at the reserve adequacy of all these portfolios in a very unique way. So, overall, when we look at that book of business around the globe, we feel pretty good that that business is running and performing adequately, and it's a very large and important book of business to us. However, I think to your question and to Evan's comments in his shareholder letter, that's really about some distinct areas of this portfolio, particularly in the D&O lines of business, where we are seeing some pressure, where loss costs in our opinion really are outpacing rates. And specifically, there I'd like to narrow it down to our D&O coverages for publicly traded businesses in North America, publicly traded businesses in the UK, and publicly traded business in Australia. I'd also add to that when you look at our financial institutions business and the challenges that banks and financial institutions have in terms of the regulatory and compliance environment around the globe, loss cost there are concerns to us. So I think if anything there, the underwriting actions that we need to take and the loss cost that we're observing and the rates that we need, we're pretty clear-eyed about what we need to do. Is it impacting us? Yeah, it's impacting us in our ability to grow that business. And in fact, if you look at that business in many parts of the portfolios I just mentioned, we're actually having to shrink the business because our – at least our perspective on the rate need that we have to get on that business isn't matching what others are willing to do. So, if anything, it's really been the challenge for us in terms of growing the business.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: I'm going to add one more thing to that specifically and that is the external environment. The external environment in some jurisdictions, and I'll take the United States, is growing more difficult, a number of merger-related suits, either overpaid or didn't pay enough. Every single one has – or almost all have a suit attached to it and the money is going to lawyers. It's not going to shareholders. In many cases, there's no money involved. You look at – hashtag me, too, right now, and the growth and related suits from that, litigation funding is a growing trend and not simply for those who can't afford suits but as a class of investment. More law firms creating and chasing opportunity in the litigation space around securities related and spinning new theories. And so many of these, when you look at the size of companies and their balance sheets and you look at the size of transactions, mergers related, et cetera, the dollar values are so great that to get rid of the suits, these are nuisance suits in so many cases, and to get rid of them and rather than have to dwell on them or have them stand in the way of completing transactions, it's viewed by many corporations as nuisance money, and by the way, the legal profession knows that. And so, they know that there's a tax they can employ and that the rate of tax, if it's not too great, they can have large frequency of it and just control that severity and make a boatload of money. And that is a problem, a growing problem in this country. Thank you for the question.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you so much for all the answers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I guess I wanted to take it a little bit of a different direction, but I thought the discussion in the annual letter was pretty interesting about the increase and the difficulty with dealing with non-modeled losses from a CAT standpoint. I guess looking at your expected level of CAT disclosure, I was just curious how are you thinking about the whole non-modeled angle with CATs and actually trying to project what you think you're expected level of CATs are? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I got to tell you, in your expected level of CATs, it's virtually your modeled level of CATs. I mean, that's what you can project. When we build our loss costs, we look at historic losses. And so when we build our rates, we build them off of our experience, which is – includes CATs, whether they were modeled or non-modeled, whether they are a CAT weather event or a non-CAT weather event because it doesn't rise the PCS's level to be named a CAT. It includes all non-weather and CAT related, so it includes all of your loss cost when you project, so you don't distinguish that way. So the first thing is, that's how you think about it for rate, which I think is the most fundamental and important thing to think about. But separately, when we tend to – again, just reiterate, when we give you and – or when I think about expected CAT, it's the best I can do. It's what's expected. And so you can only take it out of your aggregation of exposure in areas that are exposed to catastrophes that have models around them and you can project the number. That's about it. Better than what you can – better than excluding CAT that's for sure where you leave the freaking revenue in the denominator, take the losses out of the numerator and therefore, boy, you look like a hero, when you're just writing a tremendous amount of CAT-exposed business and you use it to subsidize the rest of your book. That's where I take exception, pretty much (00:41:16)
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Yeah, no, understood. So, at least it sounds like in that expected CAT number, you're taking a stab at other perils like wildfire and flood, right? Even if it's difficult to model, you're still thinking about that when you come up with that expected CAT level?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. And look, we're better at managing flood model today than we were a couple of years ago. You can't model though convective storms. So you can't model a tornado when that's going to occur or how it's going to occur, but our expected level of CAT, by the way, for a period does include spring storms for the spring. I just can't tell you where exactly.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Fair enough. And then, shifting gears to actually personal lines. Obviously, we spend a lot of time talking about rate adequacy and commercial, and I guess, CATs there as well, but I guess as bigger picture, do we like the rate adequacy right now in the personal lines business? It's, I guess, just somewhere just below an 80% ex-CAT accident year combined. Is there a view that there's more – is that pricing adequate just given your view of normal catastrophe activity? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Ryan, that's a good question. Look, I would say our personal lines overall, we are – the pricing is adequate to us, and ex-auto and then with Auto. It varies by state and it varies by coverage, the adequacy. And so you've got to stay on top of this. You have to keep driving for rate or you get behind, particularly where you may not have the adequacy you want. And then, I would say it further breaks down within a state of CAT exposed versus less CAT exposed, whether you're getting enough load or not, and we're very mindful of all of that when we go for growth because we want – and maintain exposure because we want and expect adequacy. Loss cost in homeowners is not insignificant. There is an inflation in homeowners and you have to stay on top of that. In addition to rate you get an exposure adjustment with customers and unless you can control those loss costs by helping them with things like water shut off valves when pipes are breaking a lot and help them contain their loss that way, which we're driving to do to teach customers to lower their loss costs. Barring that, you've got to stay on top of it with exposure adjustment in addition to rate to maintain the overall adequacy that we have. So this is a work-intensive business that can get away from you if you don't stay on it.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: That's very thorough and helpful. Thanks so much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. I wanted to dig a little deeper, if I can, on the related topics of excess capital and the M&A environment. So Evan, you've given us some helpful indications of excess capital and wondering whether that – or how that takes into account past and potential future marks from rising interest rates. And then, looking forward to the M&A environment, when you talk about P&C assets being pricey, how does that factor in the potential upside to acquisitions from rising interest rates?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: How does that – say that last part again?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: How does the pricey-ness consider the upside to potential acquisitions from their own uptick in investment income if interest rates rise?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No. We're – that's allowing the tip of the tail to wag the dog. I don't – they don't, really. Sure, we model it in, but that has a modest impact. That's an easy one for me. We're not going to over-intellectualize and try to rationalize to ourselves around here why it makes sense to pay for an acquisition that's overpriced. Just isn't going to happen. And by the way, I do notice how the more recent have gone and people are talking like it's okay, prices to book that are above what ACE paid for Chubb. Wow, let's compare the quality of assets. Now, we're at that time in the cycle. We're happy at rest. I'm going to let Phil answer that other.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Meyer, when we think about undeployed capital, we don't consider unrealized gains or losses. If we have unrealized gains and losses, we assume we'll hold the assets and they'll amortize back to par at maturity. And if we have an unrealized gain, we don't count that as something we can spend because it would be requiring us to liquidate our portfolios around the world, and we just wouldn't do that. So the calculation of undeployed capital that Evan mentioned takes about 70 basis points off of the ROE as calculated without unrealized gains and losses.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. At risk of pushing my luck, I wanted to close the loop on the M&A discussion. And given Chubb's success in integrating and acquiring legacy Chubb, which is the largest deal in P&C, can you give us your perspective on whether Chubb is ready for another large acquisition? I mean, I know you mentioned pricing and things like – valuations and things like that. But operationally, is Chubb ready for another large deal?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Chubb is ready, but that hardly – A, it's ready, B, it's hardly my priority to distract the organization from doing what it's doing best, focused on executing and recognizing the potential that resides within all the parts and pieces that we have. And if this organization never does another acquisition, which is how we get up every morning to do business, that's how we imagine, the opportunity in front of our face is simply awesome, and it's just patience and time and execution, and that this organization is 100% focused on it, and that I can see and feel as I move around just the momentum building as people are just getting after it, it's energizing.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's very helpful. Separate question. It would be helpful to get your perspective on the Lloyds market, after that, that market had a pretty challenging year in 2017, including the major catastrophe events. What's your perspective on Lloyds and how is Chubb approaching that important marketplace?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. We've just through rational – because of rational underwriting and given our ability to trap the business locally and not have to wait for it to come to London, we've, over the last number of years, shrunk our presence in the London market. Can't earn an adequate return. To a large degree, a lot of the underwriters at London and in Lloyds, it's like a barroom with a bunch of drunks who want to reform and they just can't put that glass down and push away from the bar. And you hear all the talk and all the chatter, and it's in their hands to get out of their own way and do the most fundamental, underwrite the business to an adequate risk adjusted return and deploy the capital on that basis. And the notion that you have investors and that we can all opine about that will trade 3% money for a 6% return or thereabouts, that's a lousy risk-adjusted return, and ultimately is not a long-term investment thesis, period.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Crystal clear. Thanks, Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Two questions here. First, Evan, you talked a lot about professional liability. I'm wondering if we could chat a little about some of the other lines. Where are we right now with respect to rate adequacy, given your large commercial E&S, and maybe your standard commercial? So, pricing that you're getting right now versus the loss cost inflation trends?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. I would say, listen, in our middle market – in our businesses, fundamentally, most all of our businesses, we're achieving a rate adequacy. Some have better adequacy than others. We have – our businesses are earning an underwriting profit. Some in our judgment ought to be earning a bit better underwriting margin and profit, and we need rate to keep it from eroding. But, overall, look, you see the numbers we're putting up, not in bad shape and reserve adequacy is there.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: So what you're implying here is that your rate you're achieving is in line with trend at this point?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: It is in a lot of classes. It's not in all classes. There's certain classes of casualty, particularly in the larger risk business where rate is not keeping pace, but we've been taking a lot of portfolio and underwriting actions to have to mitigate. And that's where you see any penalties we might pay in growth. By the way, when you look at an improvement in our loss ratio, keep in – that people note for the quarter. And by the way, it's just a quarter. There's some randomness by quarters. But keep in mind, the amount of business we shed in the last two years, it's like $1.5 billion. And when we constantly talk to you about portfolio management and shifting, and when John Keogh just told you about it about professional lines, its portfolio management and risk selection has so much to do with also helping to mitigate the impact of pressure on margin when rate is not adequate in some classes to maintain its level, given loss cost trends.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great, great. My second question, I want to focus a little bit on the small commercial business. You've built that a lot there. You've got the small commercial marketplace. Where are you with respect to expanding your distribution in that business, putting more agents on the platform? And is there a day in the future here where we could see Chubb basically competing with – on equal footing with some of the major small commercial carriers out there?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, I'm going to let Paul Krump talk about the distribution. I'm going to tell you, we can go toe-to-toe right now with the major players on an agent by agent basis in small commercial product offering, pricing, servicing and technology. In many cases, we're ahead on the technology front. It's just a matter of now building that portfolio, but we are toe-to-toe. Paul, you want to talk about distribution (00:55:21)?
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, happily. So, thanks, Brian. Just to be very specific to you, right now, we've got 3,000 of our agents engaged on the platform. The platform is called Marketplace. So that's our small business platform where agent CSR can go right in there, write a BOP, work on the comp, the auto, and cross-sell against the financial lines, that kind of thing. So, we've got a couple thousand more agents that we're going to engage and activate. What I'd tell you is very exciting for us right now is that 80% of the business that the CSRs are putting into the Marketplace platform is being handled automatically what's called on the Street on the glass. On the glass means they don't have to pick up the phone and talk to anybody, reach – can come out of the system, so it's very intuitive system. It's very fun for them to use. The agents really like it. And that's where I think we are really going toe-to-toe with people on the technology side. Comp has picked up very, very nicely as well. So, we are looking at some areas where we think we're underrepresented when it comes to distribution and we're actively engaged in those conversations in those areas and we're open to talking to anybody that wants to bring us good profitable business.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Brian, it comes in very small bites. Again, it takes time. We're patient. We don't expect this business to cast a meaningful shadow on revenue for a period of time.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. I was just wondering about just the challenges in actually getting that distribution, that's always here in that business. You can have the product, but actually getting onto an agent platform is not always that easy.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, as you hear, we're making very substantial progress that way.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. Thank you.
Helen M. Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: And we have time for just one more person to ask question, please.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Please go ahead.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Thank you. I'll cut to the chase, I guess. Evan, if I just follow-up on the reserve question from earlier, I think from Kai. Maybe if I ask it in a broader sense. I mean, I assume you guys look at what other people are doing and it seems like across the industry that people are putting up less IBNR. It seems like cases coming in faster across essentially most of the liability lines, whether it'd be GL, everything but comp basically, right? Do you agree with those observations? And if so, does that inform you of where we are in the underwriting cycle? That it seems like people are sort of being more aggressive and not willing to take their PICCs higher when they probably know they should and maybe that says something about why we're seeing a pickup in chasing rate.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Look, Ian, I can't speak to specific companies. We do observe and study. We're in the middle right now of looking at all the published numbers. So we haven't finished with our own internal views of some of it. What I will say is this, what's natural. Pricing was more robust a number of years ago in those accident years as they were reserved had greater margin of adequacy in them. As trend and rate roll forward, it's pretty simple. There's either – it'll vary by company. There's either less margin of adequacy or some move to inadequacy. It'll vary by company. And that seems to me to be obvious and we've all been talking about it for a period of time. So, I love you dearly, but I'm a little puzzled by the question like in the sense like, wow, there's some surprise here, going on for a while.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Well, it feels like it got worse, I guess, in the last year or two.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Ian, it just feeds on itself.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Exactly.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: So, sure.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: It's more stressed at the end of 2017 than it was at the end of 2016, than it was at the end of 2015, period.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right. I guess the reason I say is because if you look at most companies' results other than a few outliers, most companies in their calendar year GAAP results, you wouldn't really be able to tell that, I guess, is kind of the point I'm making.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, some that is that self-graded tests.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right, exactly. Okay. Exactly.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. I mean that's human nature and that's always been true in this business.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Fair enough. Then just one other -
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: By the lagging nature. And that's just the combination of optimism or ignorance or just plain old short-term cheating.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Exactly.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: So you can collect, check and move along.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: So one other quick one is and I'm sure you'll tell me I'm nitpicking and I probably am, but...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, it's your nature.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: ... the small commercial growth of 2%. I assume you're hoping to do better than that. And I don't know if there is anything unusual in there, maybe underwriting actions or something else. Or is that sort of where you are today and (01:01:39) accelerate that?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, no, no. There was a quarterly anomaly in that for us.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. I was just making sure.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And we took some action. We have some professional lines business that go to that – that are in small commercial. And we had some legacy portfolios that have been moved in there and we took action on that. But if you look at the underlying BOP and comp and the P&C business, that actually grew like in a seriously robust way, like in the hundreds of percent growth.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay, that's what I was hoping to hear. Okay, just checking. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanks a lot.
Helen M. Wilson - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, and President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance John Lupica - Executive Vice President, Vice Chairman
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Jay Gelb - Barclays Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter Year End 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. And welcome to our December 31, 2017 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix and economic and market conditions. These are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please see our most recent SEC filings earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our Web site at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available at investors.chubb.com. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, we reported fourth quarter core operating income of $3.17 per share, up about 16.5% from prior year. These results were impacted positively by the U.S. tax reform law at the end of the year and negatively by the California wildfires, which included the two largest fires in California history. Those items aside, our company’s results were highlighted by excellent underlying or ex-CAT underwriting performance in every division and improving commercial P&C pricing conditions in a number of our businesses globally, leading to what should be a more favorable underwriting environment in ’18 for many of our businesses. Our premium revenue growth for the quarter, excluding merger related actions, was 3.7%. Headwinds to growth related to these actions are almost all behind us, about $150 million remains or less than 0.5% of annual net premiums. That along with the strong economy both domestic and global and with an improving pricing environment makes us quite optimistic about our growth prospects for the year ahead. Tax reform will benefit our economy and our company will benefit from both the lower corporate rate and additional exposure growth as the economy and therefore insurance exposures grow. Our quarterly operating income included a one-time $450 million tax benefit related to tax reform. And we will benefit in the future from a lower overall corporate rate. We chose to share a portion of the benefits of tax reform to make a difference in society with the contribution to the Chubb Charitable Foundation of $50 million. For the year, we produced $3.8 billion in core operating income, which was down 20% from what we would have earned with the normalized level of cat losses, and without the benefit from tax reform or about $4.8 billion. Our results led the core operating ROEs of 12% for the quarter and nearly 8% for the year. For the year, we had strong book and tangible book value per share growth of 6.5 and 8.6 respectively. In the quarter, the P&C combined ratio was 90.7 and for the year, it was 94.7 and that's with $2.7 billion in catastrophe losses. That kind of combined ratio in the face of this level of tax simply speaks to the quality of our underwriting and underlying book. And to that point, on a current accident year basis, excluding tax, the combined ratio for the year was 87.6 compared with 89 in '16 with the loss ratio up over just 0.5 point and the expense ratio down over 2 points. By the way, while it was a heavy year for cat losses, on the other hand we had an outstanding year in our agriculture business another cat like business, which I'll touch on later. Net investment income for the quarter was $873 million, up 3.5% over prior year and a good result that contributed to record net investment income for the year of $3.5 billion, up over 6%. Considering the historically low interest rate environment, this was an outstanding result. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, the cats, and prior period development. On our third quarter call, I reported that we began to see signs of a bit more stable pricing environment for the business we wrote. In the fourth quarter, that positive rate movement continue and in fact, accelerated month-by-month as the quarter progressed with prices beginning to firm in a number of important classes, both property and casualty related. And that trend has continued into January. I believe we are in a transition market globally. And rates should continue to firm as the year goes along. Although, not all classes and not in all countries or territories. The current trend in terms of rate change is the best we've seen in the last few years. Renewal retention remains steady overall across the company and are quite good, but they vary by line of business during the quarter. Some areas of our business pay the price in terms of a modestly lower renewal retention level in order to maintain pricing discipline. The same with new business. Some areas of our company were up, while others suffered in terms of new business. Those areas where we suffer to what we speak -- what speak to a market in transition. Some companies are pressing for rate and in my judgment, understand they need to improve rate to exposure. While other market participants have yet to respond and are using this moment to grab under priced pressure. As I said at the beginning, P&C net premium revenue growth, excluding merger actions, was 3.7% for the quarter and that includes 1.2 points from foreign exchange. Now let me give you some specifics around growth and rate change. In our U.S. major account retail and E&S wholesale divisions, what we call major accounts and specialty. P&C net premiums excluding merger related actions were down just over 3%. For major accounts our renewal retention remained at historic highs of over 95% due in large part to our risk management portfolio where we are market leaders. For wholesale E&S, there was a reduction in renewal retention of about 2 to 3 points to the mid-70s. New business in major accounts was up 3.5%, while an E&S, it was down about 8%. The change in price we achieved for both major accounts and E&S wholesale was the best we’ve seen in a number of years, and let me give you some examples of both rate and its movement during the quarter. Major account rates overall were up 1% for the quarter, improving to up 1.9 by December and they are as stronger, stronger in January depending on class. Property rates were up over 7.5% in the quarter, improving to up 10 by December. Casualty rates were essentially flat in the quarter, improving to up 1.5 in December. And public DNO rates were up 2.5 in the quarter and up 6 for December. Though overall professional lines rates for major accounts was down 0.5 point in the quarter. It was a similar story in E&S wholesale. Rates overall were up 2.7 for the quarter, improving to 4.8 in December. And again, they are as strong in January. The property rates were up 2.8 in the quarter, improving to up 6.3 in December. Casualty rates were up 3.8 in the quarter, improving to up 4.6 in December. And unlike in major accounts, financial lines rates were up 2.3 in the quarter, improving to up 5 in December. Now, let’s turn to our middle market and small commercial division, where net premiums excluding merger related actions, were up 2% in the quarter. P&C lines were up 3.1 while financial lines were up 1.2. Renewal retention was reasonably steady, down about a point to 86% and exposure growth added three tenths of a point. New business growth for our mid-market business was quite strong, up 10% and the best in a while. And by the way, 50% of that growth came from cross-sell efforts. Rates excluding comp were flat, which marks the first reversal and declining rates in three years. Property rates were flat and rates for package were down about 1.5 points, while exposure related pricing for package was up almost 2 points. So there was a net positive change to renewal price for package. Causality related rates were flat and financial lines rates were up about a point. Comp rates were down about 4 points, while comp pricing related exposure was up over 2. So net pricing for comp was down 2. Pricing in January for middle market appears to have continued the trend and in some classes firmed incrementally from the fourth quarter. For example, property is now up 2 points while casualty continues to be flat. Commercial auto rates continue to accelerate, but remember, we're not a huge commercial auto writer. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written were up almost 6% in the quarter. Rates were up about 2 and exposure change added 3. Retention remains very strong at about 95% and new business was up 12% overall and up 16 for our targeted premier and signature high net worth clients. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations. Net premiums written for our international retail P&C business were up over 7%, excluding merger related actions or over 4% in constant dollars. Latin America and Asia-Pac led the way with growth of 11% and 9% respectively, while the Europe also had a good quarter with growth of 5%. The trend in pricing in the quarter was the best we have seen again in three years in both our international retail and wholesale business. First in retail. Financial lines rates were up 3, property related rates were up 2, and marine was up 2. While general and specialty casualty were down 1. For our London wholesale business, property rates were up 5 and by December up 7. Marine was up 6 and financial lines were up 1. In January, London wholesale property moved to double digit rate. Our agriculture business where we are the clear market leader had an excellent year, highlighted by a combined ratio of 74% and over $390 million of underwriting income, up 15%. As I noted last year, this is a cat like business and therefore it has a certain volatility to it by definition, as weather expose with weather impacting crop yields and commodity prices. We've experienced both sides of volatility, years with great growing seasons and others with drought. This has been and continues to be a good business for Chubb. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter and year, including current market conditions and pricing trends. In the quarter, we announced the strategic cooperation agreement with PICC, Property & Casualty Company of China, the country's largest P&C insurer. The agreement will leverage Chubb's global capabilities and supported PICC customers and other Chinese affiliated companies around the world in line with the Chinese government's drive to promote the country's going out and one belt one road initiatives. With this 10 year agreement, PICC has the ability to offer some of China's largest enterprises, many of which have complex operations in multiple foreign jurisdictions access to Chubb's leading capabilities in countries beyond their home market. I am both optimistic and confident about the year in front of us. We have positive synchronized economic growth globally, as well as the benefits of tax reform, which should produce exposure growth which is good for insurance and good for Chubb. We have the many investments we have been making to enhance our capabilities and growth potential. Like the PICC and recent DBS announcements. Our middle market and small commercial business globally represents 30% to the company, and we expect good growth in this area globally. Our global A&H and Personal Lines businesses are 35% of the company, and we expect good growth this year. We are seeing and are reasonably optimistic that we should continue to see positive momentum building for commercial P&C pricing. We would like to see it spread to more classes and more businesses that need rate, and we will do our part as industry leaders to drive that momentum. In some, we’re bullish that our growth will continue to accelerate and ’18 will be quite strong. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil, and then we’ll be back to take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed the year in excellent financial condition. We have a strong balance sheet with top financial strength ratings, excellent liquidity and significant capital generating capability. Despite significant catastrophic loss payments, our operating cash flow was quite strong at $1.1 billion for the quarter and $4.5 billion for the year. As Evan noted, we grew tangible book value per share by 8.6% for the year. Originally down 29% at the merger closing, tangible book value per share has recovered over 20 points. We have total capital of $64 billion. During the quarter, we returned $453 million to shareholders, including $330 million in dividends and $123 million in shares repurchase. For the year, we returned over $2.1 billion, including $1.3 billion in dividends and $830 million in share repurchases. In the quarter, investment income of $873 million was higher than our previously expected range of $845 million to $855 million due to increased call activity on our corporate bond portfolio and higher than projected private equity distributions. We now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $865 million to $875 million with an upward trajectory as the year progresses. Net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter were $384 million after-tax and included a $390 million loss from foreign currency movement; a $93 million loss from the investment portfolio, primarily due to increase interest rates; and a gain of $99 million, principally from positive asset returns on our retiree benefits plan portfolio. Pre-tax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $447 million and Northern California wildfires and other catastrophe losses in the quarter were $320 million as previously announced. Additionally, there was $157 million from the Southern California wildfires and a favorable adjustment of $30 million from last quarter’s catastrophe events. Net loss reserves decreased $1 billion in the quarter on a constant dollar basis, primarily reflecting catastrophe loss payments and crop payments, which are typically higher in the fourth quarter. The pay to incur ratio was 120% and was impacted by these payments and by the favorable prior period development in the quarter. Adjusting for these items, the pay to incur ratio was 91%. We had positive prior period development in the quarter of $158 million pre-tax or $130 million after-tax. This included $138 million pre-tax of adverse development, principally from our legacy asbestos exposures. The remaining favorable development of $296 million pre-tax was put about evenly between long tail and short tail lines. The long tail is primarily from accident years 2000 inflow and prior. The operating income tax rate for the quarter and for the year reflects the provisional income tax benefit of $415 million relating to 2017 tax reform act. This benefit comprises a $743 million benefit to book value relating to intangibles, reflecting the favorable impact of the reduced U.S. corporate tax rate on our gross deferred tax liability established at the time of the Chubb Corp acquisition. And a charge of $293 million to tangible book value, primarily reflecting the negative impact of the tax rate reduction on our gross deferred tax asset balances. We have previously announced an estimate that was in excess of $215 million. The increase in our estimate reflects a more favorable impact for the newly established excess foreign tax credits generated by the new deemed repatriation rules. We expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15% under the new rules. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I appreciate all the disclosure on the market. Just tying together your color and I think there’s some speculation out there that maybe some of the tax reform benefit at least in the U.S. to a certain degree to get competed away. And then when you think about the outlook on the market, in some of your commentary and the rating environment. How does that play into how you think about the commercial lines environment on the pricing side playing out in 2018?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, it's right now, ideal speculation. And who knows there is no certainly. I think of few observations. Moving to the P&C, commercial P&C combined ratios. You've got to make profit to have something to compete away. So you can't and if you take out cat premiums, as well as cat losses to look at ex-cat accident year, so truly take out cat. The combined ratios of the industry on commercial P&C are very anemic. I'm hovering around 100 or over 100. And so how you're going to compete away with the tax benefit without profit, without underwriting profit, number one. Number two, the industry is hardly running some brilliant ROE. It's mid-single digit to low-single digit. And on a risk adjusted basis, that’s an anemic return. Number three, the industry has had as operated at a very low interest rate environment, that is really pressured investment income. The tax benefit starts in my judgment to give some amelioration to that. And I think anyone who is rationale in thinking about this as a leader and projecting ahead is considering all these factors.
Elyse Greenspan: And then when had you said, you pointed to some companies that are looking to grab share in the market and under pricing business. Is that specific to turn in line or is that just something you’re observing broadly throughout the commercial lines market?
Evan Greenberg: It truly varies by line of business. There is a cohort that we can identify that is by line of business and it’s generally by territory or country that we know that we have our eye on.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last question, if I may…
Evan Greenberg: I’m not going to name and shame Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: One last question, can we just get a little bit of an update on where you see loss costs broadly within your commercial lines book right now?
Evan Greenberg: Loss costs have been and vary by line of business. It has been pretty steady from what I’ve said in prior quarters. You’re looking at primary casualty depending on the line of business that’s running in that 3% that 5% range, excess is typically running in that 7% to 9% range. We’ve seen a net in professional lines, particularly in DNO, the employment practices. There has been an uptake in both frequency and severity trends over the last two years, three years and that is very troublesome because it’s related generally in the United States, it’s a merger related objections, and on to securities class actions. And by the way, I’ve noticed recently some public information release about DNO loss ratios, and they are pure loss ratios, they don’t even have loss costs in it. And the interesting part about loss costs and loss adjustment costs, when you add it all up, half the costs insurance companies are paying up goes to the legal profession, to either defend or it’s the trial bar settlements, hardly a benefit to corporate America or to shareholders who are supposedly agreed. Pardon me for going beyond loss costs.
Operator: And we will now hear from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: My first question is that if you look at back two years ago, when you first set up the goal for the merger, the twin drivers, one is expense savings, which you have exceeded the original target. The other one is substantial revenue growth. But the revenue growth in the past few year has been limited. So where are the revenue opportunities and how these things will play out in the next three years?
Evan Greenberg: We actually -- when we look at it, revenue growth ex the merger related actions, which was planned and understood all along, we’re actually very clear about it upfront. So I take a little exception to how you’re characterizing it. You take that out and you look underneath it. When we imagine, when we look at the market conditions, the two companies together are doing better in growth than these two companies would have done standalone, and not as really clear to us. Secondly, we said and we put a time horizon on the growth of between that three and five year window because of the seeds we are planting and have been planting. And I just said that 3% of our business is small and middle market, and the growth in the small and middle market globally is accelerating. And in fact we had no small commercial globally between the two companies, until we've locked them together and took capabilities that both had and invested behind them and now have growing businesses, as an example. So I'll stop right there.
Kai Pan: And then on the industry consolidation, recently we have seen some larger announcement. And now you are two year into the merger integration. Will you be -- how we are looking and looking for potential growth opportunities through acquisitions?
Evan Greenberg: I know you didn't imagine I would answer that question. You're just trying me on…
Kai Pan: All right, I tried. You can take on another question to repeat that one, so on the foreign exchange. In the past, you have said if U.S. dollar strengthening that will be hurting your book value. But now fourth quarter after U.S. dollar have been so weakening. So why there is a drag on your book value?
Evan Greenberg: So the balance sheet FX impact in the quarter was a result of the U.S. dollar strengthening against most major currencies from 9/30 to 12/31; notably, the Canadian dollar, the Brazilian real, the Australian dollar. So for the quarter, we had a book value loss of $390 million. For the year, though, the dollar has weakened and we’ve had a cumulative gain of $512 million. It depends where it took place, Kai. So when you're looking at the dollar, weakening is a headline and how it impacts premium revenue growth on book value, it depends where you have your assets in the fourth quarter.
Kai Pan: If the dollar stays the same, would that be possibly impact for the full year results 2018?
Evan Greenberg: There’ll be no change.
Operator: And our next question today is Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: On the revenues, now that the marks or related underwriting actions are behind you. Can you help us think about what premium growth we should be looking for given there is pricing actions, there’s economy and the growth opportunities that you're seeing?
Evan Greenberg: First, remember I just gave you a number of $150 million remaining, so it's not zero but it's very modest now. Secondly, we don't drive revenue growth. I gave you as much color around revenue growth as I'm going to provide.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just on the pricing outlook. How high do you think you could raise prices as we look out a year or two or maybe another way to think about it. How much rate do you think you need across your book in the current environment?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to speculate on that how much we can achieve. We're doing it in a responsible way. We're only going for rate that is required to earn a reasonable risk adjusted return, and it varies by line of business, by kind of customer cohort, and by country. So it's not a simplistic answer that way. What I would say is unlike others, you look at our total portfolio and you look at the combined ratio we’re putting -- we put. And it’s world class. It’s the best in the industry. But that does vary by line and commercial P&C, particularly larger business and E&S business, it runs in the 90s. We have other businesses that all together mix our portfolio down into the 80s. So it varies by area and we’ve had underwriting discipline. We are willing to trade and we’ll continue to trade market share and growth to maintain a reasonable underwriting return. And as the market response to anemic returns and prices go up and as the market responds to an understanding that loss cost trends are something that just continue to grind away and put pressure on margins. The responsible thing to do is for both client and for companies, so you avoid volatility in the future end pricing is to raise respond by raising rates. And as that happens that increases opportunity for us and increases growth, and that’s about as much as I’m going to say so.
Operator: And we will now go to Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: I had a question regarding the comments on the acceleration of rate improvement over the course of the quarter, and then for January. I think looking at some of the comments made by brokers I got almost the opposite impression from them. So I was just curious to better understand why there may be a discrepancy between what we’re hearing from brokers and what we’re hearing from some of the insurers?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you’re going to have to go figure that out. I can’t help you with that. I can only relate to the data we see. So I know our information. And if you’re getting contrary information and by the way, the brokers we talk to, what we see, what they see is consistent. So I think you may be confused in some ways and not comparing apples-to-apples with type of business, insurance versus reinsurance, London versus United States or whatever. But I can’t help you with your -- you live in your hell, I live in mine.
Yaron Kinar: And then with regards to major accounts, I guess most of your competitors are necessarily even impacted by U.S. tax reform. So would you see the dynamic in major accounts being different over the course of the year than the dynamic in another account?
Evan Greenberg: No.
Yaron Kinar: And then maybe one final question. With regard to the 30% of U.S. premiums that you would see that’s overseas affiliates in the past. Given tax reform, are you trading that portion of the book, or have you adjusted in any way to addressable tax reform there?
Evan Greenberg: We’re not really going into any detail about our capital management that is proprietary. And Phil you want to…
Phil Bancroft: I would have said the same thing. We’ve looked at obviously the change in the ex-U.S. tax rate as one of the most important drivers of the reduction in our tax rate. We've looked at also rates around the world where we expect our income to emerge. And we've done it all in light of our planned capital management. We operate in 54 jurisdictions where constantly being changes of tax law and we've analyzed the rules and we've thought about modifying our capital management strategies and other border transactions, but -- and other cross-border transactions. But as Evan said, we're just not prepared to provide any more color on that. And currently, the rate we've considered to all those things.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb: My first question is on the California wildfires. Could you perhaps provide some perspective on how large do you think the fourth quarter industry insured losses were for the wildfires?
Evan Greenberg: I don't have a great handle on it. The numbers bouncing around have been -- that $9 billion and $12 billion. And I think that's probably a pretty good number, but I don't know with certainty the size of both of these fires. When I said they were the largest in history, not the insured loss which obviously will be, but that's really referring to is the geography on the third was greater than we've seen than has been seen in recorded history. So you get back past recorded history and they were both fair ones but this is as big as you've seen, so the massive we do know that. So we think probably that $9 billion to $12 billion wouldn't surprise me if it comes out there on the Northern fires. Southern fires are much smaller. They did burn in concentrations, greater affluence, though they were smaller fires. And there will be a few billion dollars anyway for the industry.
Jay Gelb: Does that have implications in terms of how Chubb would position its homeowners' business in California, going forward?
Evan Greenberg: The whole notion of non-modeled cat and being able to model better is, we're an underwriting company and that is just such a part of our craft. And I am more enthusiastic about that that fascinates us. So the notion of how much concentration do you really have to an event as you can define an event and what is your appetite for that, are you getting paid adequately and how you protect yourself, are all the questions we dwell on in great detail as we expand our personal lines and smaller commercial portfolios. Flood and the ability to manage flood that way is further advanced the wildfire, and can all come back on wildfire. And flood, the tools we can now use, the mapping, the analytics of portfolio and how to respond to various flood scenarios, is getting better and better. And it gives us much better confidence depending on the geography and the area that we're looking at flood concentrations. In wildfire, the tools have been good, but they were improving. And there were some new tools that are out that give you a better way to imagine wildfire and the impact on the concentrations of the portfolio. So we’re all over that. The regulatory environment in California, in particular is -- you have to take it into consideration. It’s difficult when it comes to being able to get a proper price for the risk you’re taking and that’s not to California’s benefit given the values of concentration there, they need to attract insurers. But we take that into consideration when we think about our appetite in California.
Jay Gelb: One last big picture one, if I could.
Evan Greenberg: Does that help you?
Jay Gelb: Very much, thank you. There was an announcement yesterday regarding three major companies in terms of trying to tackle their own employee health care cost. Do you any thoughts on that in terms of how perhaps Jeff could address that issue that’s affecting all companies?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think it’s -- look, I only know and read what you did. I think it’s a very rational and I think it’s a very encouraging move they’re making. First of all between them, they have a cohort of employees of 1 million. So that is a big enough group to truly major difference, and will allow you to craft a more efficient healthcare delivery. And they want to tackle the structural questions of costs related to delivery. And I think that’s -- I applaud what they’re doing. And we don’t have -- we have 15,000 employees roughly in the U.S., we don’t have anywhere near what they have. And I think they’re going to start blazing that trail as great and there’ll be others who will follow and I’m sure in time. But I hope it starts the right kind of movement. We need reform in healthcare. And the cost, I think Mr. [Buffet] said it pretty well, it’s a tapeworm that’s easing way at the economy in the United States.
Operator: And next participant is Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: You mentioned the cross-sell efforts. I was wondering if you could give us an update of what those -- how those efforts are going and what you expect for the coming year.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I’m not going to tell you about the coming year, because I don’t guide on that. But I’m going to let Paul Krump talk about and reflect on current cross-sell and then John Lupica will add to that.
Paul Krump: As Evan mentioned, in the middle market space, we actually had 50% of our new business come from cross-sell. And so those are existing customers where we’re adding additional product to what was so encouraging to me in the fourth quarter was that about a third of that cross-sell came from clients who were only purchasing professional liability lines from us. And we cross sold the package comp and auto to them. And I haven’t seen that happen in years and years to that extent. So that was just incredibly encouraging. On the small side, we are cross-selling all kinds of product to customers that’s being very warmly receives, because there the bulk of our competitors really only sell about product comp in auto. We’re out there selling professional liability alongside of that umbrella, et cetera. We're even doing some cross selling on the personal line side where we're selling small commercial business to people that have in home businesses. So recently had a big win on a very large personal line client who got rejected in the marketplace because one of the spouses was rating Bs and selling honey at local fair, and nobody else could handle it, but Chubb. So very interesting growth story.
John Lupica: Let me just add a little more color. And giving you a statistic, I will recall cross sell. We also keep track of something very interesting we call strength of the organization where we've brought the two organizations together gives us more capability. And about 10% of our new business this quarter was a result of our two organizations coming together. And we are two years in and our 48 branch offices really have a familiarity and a comfort level to one another and cross selling and driving our products and specialty services into that organization is as good as it's ever been and we're very optimistic about it in the coming years.
Paul Newsome: Second question, a little bit of a follow up from Jay's in terms of lessons learned in the flood business. Do you think that Chubb and the industry can underwrite that if the government went away? And are we clear enough now to be able to underwrite flood?
Evan Greenberg: I would say, I'm going to give you an answer. It's something in between. I think we clearly -- the way the NFIP has crafted today, it discourages more private sector participation and the private sector can do much more than it is doing in terms of taking on flood risk. The governments’ role I would suggest would be in two areas, and one of those areas may disappear overtime but in the short in the medium term. Number one, for those who can't afford flood insurance protection, they can't afford to pay for it, but they live in a flood exposed area subsidizing -- that's a social decision, and to subsidize those people because you can't charge an actuarially sound rate. That I see as a role for government. The industry should be charging actuarially sound pricing. Number two there is a tail on flood that goes for a while beyond the industries where with all appetite. And I see the government like TRIA or like in crop insurance playing a role. But I do think that overtime given the global balance sheet and both traditional capital and alternative capital that tail risk overtime could also be displayed -- the private sector could displace the federal loan.
Operator: And we will now hear from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny Asset Management.
Ian Gutterman: I guess first, Evan, if I can ask about capital. If I take in sense this year around number $5 billion this year, you can certainly do a lot better than $100 million something of repurchase if you wanted to. I know you’re not going to talk directly about M&A. But can you just give us some sort of sense of how to think about how you might deploy earnings over the next say two, three years as far as -- is there a target mix in your head or are we back to pre-acquisition thinking on buyback. Just how should we think about all that?
Evan Greenberg: We will build capital flexibility that is a priority for this organization. I think we can generate greater returns to shareholders overtime by building -- by retaining capital, building capital flexibility and deploying it and various strategies and in areas for growth. This is a growth company. We measure growth primarily by growth and book value. To the extent that we generate capital that is in excess of the capital flexibility, we need to execute those strategies. We will do what we have a long history of doing. We will return it to shareholders through dividends and other capital management strategies, such as buyback. That’s about it. So I hope that gives you a sentiment. And I’m not going to put any more specifics.
Ian Gutterman: Maybe if I can ask a slightly different way. Is certainly before the acquisition, there were a lot of questions about you having people wondering about and you guys having a more than normal amount of excess capital. And clearly after the deal, you had been below your probably target for capital for a little while as you rebuild. Are we back to neutral now or do you think you’re still building back to the cushion you would like to have or maybe we’re over that cushion? Just some sense of where the starting point is.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, we’ve built it. And understand that we just paid out a couple of billion dollars in cat losses here. We incurred a couple of billion -- actually a few billion, not a couple.
Ian Gutterman: On tax, I guess, I wanted to try that the previous question from someone else a little bit somebody as well.
Evan Greenberg: I know you’re going to scratch on a subject that -- you’re going to scratch on the door we aren’t going to open it, but go ahead.
Ian Gutterman: I guess what surprised me about ‘13 to ’15 is I just go around the world in my head about what countries you’re big in. And I think most of those that having at least of 20% tax rate other than Bermuda obviously and Switzerland, which you don’t -- I don’t think write that much direct businesses anymore, as a proportion any way. So I guess I’m struggling to figure out if it’s harder to do intercompany quota shares where -- why the tax rate went down from tax reform. I understand the U.S. rate went down, but I would have thought some of the inter-company stuff had to go up.
Evan Greenberg: Ian in the balance, the U.S. rate reduction if you look at puts and calls as you’re imagining, we’re not going to give you the details at all of puts and calls. But if you look at the puts and calls, the reduction in the U.S. tax rate more than offset the negatives of reduction in affiliate. And by the way intercompany debt or any of the announcements you want to add in there.
Ian Gutterman: And then just last one is I was wondering if you can…
Evan Greenberg: I can just tell you that I trust our finance department, that all of them have done -- that the math is right, external and internal…
Ian Gutterman: I just was trying to get my head around it, but…
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I got that…
Ian Gutterman: I was wondering if you talk a little about the outlook in Mexico, since we don’t talk about that maybe as much as some of the other ones. But I know it sounds good business for you guys. And just the outlook given A, we have an election that sounds like it may go in a way that's not market friendly, and B, if the math that goes in a bad way, does that matter for the business or is it really much more orient towards domestic activity than trade. Just what things matter in Mexico going forward?
Evan Greenberg: The health of the Mexican economy and that is able to continue to grow ex the energy sector as it is and in fact accelerate. NAFTA has been a great contributor to that. And Mexico is so integrated of independent on the U.S. economy. So on one hand as the U.S. economy improves so does the Mexican economy, because we are so intertwined that way. On the other hand, the NAFTA -- and NAFTA has created an environment of certainty and predictability and encourage greater investment cross-border. The NAFTA negotiations going on today and the way they're occurring and how long they are taking, creates an environment of uncertainty on the other hand and that -- potentially, it hasn't shown up yet creates the risk of instability. You said it on the political, there is the possibility of the elections results moving in a populous direction that could be more anti-foreign. And that would be bad for Mexico it would be bad for the United States. It could damage the growth of the Mexican economy. Our business is very focused on the domestic and the growth of the domestic economy. We ensure consumers and small and mid-size businesses and we ensure large Mexican corporations and multinationals doing business there. But the predominance of our business is consumer and small business oriented, which is very domestically focused. And so the health of that business and the continued growth of that and we are growing double digit in Mexico, and we are -- and it is a very -- with very stable returns. And we are investing in Mexico and we are bullish about the future of that country. And if there is in any rational world NAFTA will be concluded and we will deepen the integration in North America and I hope that rational world prevails.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Most of my questions were answered, just one other topic I love you to comment on. The investigations going on now into the brokerage business in the London market. Evan, do you see a role for regulators to play in that market and the distribution side?
Evan Greenberg: What do you mean by role for the regulators play? It is a regulated industry. And the regulator always has a role to play in ensuring that regulation, both the weather and spirit of what it intends, is properly adhered to. And I think that’s what their investigation is about. But I don’t know a lot. I got to be honest with you, I don’t know a lot, because we’re just -- it’s not focused on us and we’re just not really involved in any material way.
Jay Cohen: I guess the question was, do you think the regulators should be more involved with what’s going on there and take may be a slightly more of the heavy handed approach given some of the changes in that market?
Evan Greenberg: I am more in favor, I’m always in favor of the private sector for leasing its own behavior, and to behave in what is the interest of a healthy marketplace, and that not over the line on regulators to perform that role. But where market participants and the private sector fails to address issues that may exists and I’m not just going to sit here and speculate further about that, but issues that they exists in practices then it requires regulator to get involved. Now, do those exists or not, I can’t really -- Jay, I’m not in a position to really say.
Operator: And we will now go to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Couple of questions for you Evan, the first one just back on tax reform and maybe implications on lines of business, and the agriculture business. Would you think that maybe there is some pressure on reimbursement rates or stuff as a result of tax reform?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t know. I’m not going to speculate about that. The only thing I know is crop insurance is just so core to the U.S. farmers when they look at a farmville what’s the most important thing to them, and it is the stability of crop insurance. Because what that does to give them predictability and support as they do their business and face the vagaries of weather. But I’m not going to speculate on that.
Brian Meredith: And my second question, Evan, is it possible to give us broadly kind of what the potential revenue opportunity is from the PICC relationship over the next five years? I know it’s 10-year agreement? And also on that topic, what impacted all does it have on your [white tie] ownership?
Evan Greenberg: It has zero impact on our [white tie] ownership for our 100% owned Chubb operations in China. And as far as revenue goes, it depends on how we each execute and how well we execute, and it requires both of us in that execution and to do it well. But I think the revenue opportunity is reasonably significant, I don't want to put a dollar amount on it, but it's significant when you start thinking about Chinese Multinational exposure and how that's growing and how it will continue to grow in the years to come. And the need to ensure them and think about PICC as an SOE, State Owned Enterprise, and you think about how many of their clients and how many of the Chinese multinationals to be doing our SOEs. And that is an ecosystem on to itself. And this between us gives us access and an ability to serve that ecosystem.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Just I'm wondering if you could add any color on to what we're doing about the winter wheat harvest, and then are these significant drought like conditions and what that means for the agricultural business? And two given the big reserve release versus intra-year reserve change in the fourth quarter in crop. Is that a behavior on how you reserve for the business. Should we expect you be extremely conservative in the first half of the year and then true it up in the back half of the year?
Evan Greenberg: First of all, we're not in the winter wheat harvest season. We're in the winter…
Josh Shanker: It’s the planting, I guess…
Evan Greenberg: We're not in the planting season either we're in the growing season for winter wheat. So we'll start with that. Number two -- and so those are important distinctions. Number two, the draught conditions very spotty, we don't -- there is nothing we see at this moment that gives us concern with winter wheat. So I'll start with that. Number two, we have not changed any of our reserving practices around crop, and we use a historic loss ratio as we have said in the past, we say historic loss ratio. When we start a season, have no idea how it's going to play out and you never know till the fall, so you can't really move unless you have really some kind of early very clear data of significance. You can't really move off of the average until you have real clear knowledge of the present. And that doesn't occur until the fourth quarter.
Josh Shanker: And the weather has not changed, but does that mean we should expect the fourth quarter in most years is going to look very different from the other three quarters?
Evan Greenberg: Just look back on the years, and you’ve answered your own question.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. That's all the time we have today to take your questions. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - SVP, IR Evan Greenberg - Chairman & CEO Philip Bancroft - CFO & EVP
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Gelb - Barclays PLC Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to our September 30, 2017, third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, pricing and business mix, economic and market conditions and integration of our Chubb Corporation acquisition and potential synergies and expense savings. These are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. See our most recent SEC filings and earnings press release and financial supplements, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement, at investors.chubb.com. In particular, references to 2016 underwriting results will be on an as-if basis, which includes the Chubb Corporation's results for fiscal 2016 and excludes the impact of purchase accounting adjustments relating to the merger. Now I'd like to today's our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. It was a difficult quarter for the insurance industry and Chubb, a quarter dominated by catastrophe losses. But frankly, it's a part of the business we're in. The headlines were obviously the series of large natural cats, specifically Harvey, Irma and Maria, as well as the Mexican earthquakes while no one has certainty at the moment, the third quarter events will likely cost industry in the range of $80 billion to $100 billion-plus anyway.  For Chubb, our after tax net cat losses estimated $1.5 billion cost us about 1 quarter of earnings or about 3.5% of our September 30 tangible capital. In the aggregate, this was within our risk tolerance, and the amount of loss we would expect from these types of events. We view the loss for these events as between a 1 in 5 and 1 in 10-year industry and Chubb event on a worldwide aggregate basis. This gives you sense of how we think about risks, including basis risks in the models and significant amount of non-modeled loss that is included primarily from Harvey and likely, Maria and Irma. By the way, '17 is on track to join '05 and '11 as the third $100 billion-plus year for insured cat losses in the last 12. The events of the third quarter for Chubb were first and foremost about service and responding to our customers in their time of need. Let's remember, that's what insurance is all about, and that's why we exist. Our claims organization is large, experienced and so capable, and with a mindset to serve. They've performed admirably and at times, heroically, often sacrificing their own personal well-being in the impacted areas of Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and Mexico to come to the aid of our customers and distribution partners and solo employees. In a spate of about 6 weeks, they responded to nearly 17,000 claims in 5 different major events. Service levels remained consistently high with over 95% of the 52,000 customer calls in North America answered in less than 5 seconds, and by a human being from our company, not a machine or third-party. As of today, over 90% of Harvey and Irma claims have been physically inspected. I should add, our loss prevention and claims organization continue to perform at the highest levels, and distinguish our company as they respond to both our Personal Lines and commercial lines customers impacted by the California wildfires, which as you know, remain an active cat.  On the prevention side, our special wildfire defense services teams have so far visited over 250 homeowners and taken active measures to protect more than half of them. By the way, when it comes to wildfire prevention services, the high net worth customers, there are a few pretenders doubting capability but with little exception. No one holds a candle to our vast network of capability. Looking beyond this quarter's catastrophe losses in the shadow it cast, it's an important story to tell about our company. Our underlying health is excellent. Excluding the cats, operating income was about $1.5 billion or $3.12 per share. Our published combined ratio was 111% because of the cats. Excluding them was 847. The current year accident basis excluding cats, the combined ratio was 88.5 compared to 88.9 last year, with the loss ratio of up over 1 point, and the expense ratio down 1.7%. Of the expense ratio last year included an adverse impact of about 0.5 percentage point from purchase accounting, the 1.25-point improvement illustrates our merger-related efficiency efforts.  Net investment income for the quarter was a record $893 million, up nearly 8% over prior year and a very strong results, which included a one-time item Phil will speak more about. In the quarter, per-share book value grew 0.5% while per-share tangible is essentially flat. Book intangible are up nearly 7.5% -- 5% and 7.5%, respectively so far for the year. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, the cats and prior period development. Given the inadequacy of pricing and terms in our number of important classes around the globe and the consequent anemic industry results, along with the magnitude of year-to-date cat losses, we should be at the beginning of a firming market, and I believe we are. How extensive and broad the firming remains to be seen, and the timing will vary by geography and type of business, but pricing should and will move. While conditions vary depending on territory, line of business and size of risk, pricing overall today is to cheap and we should strive for price adequacy. Chubb is a leader, and we recognize our responsibility to insist on receiving an adequate rates for the coverage we provide. This includes educating our customers and distribution partners about the reason and need to move pricing to adequacy where it is not, so that we earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return and avoid more volatile price moves in the future if prices continue to stagnate over the road. Following years of rate decreases, properties need rate to return to adequacy. Property rates have 2 components, the catastrophe and attritional loss elements. Property cat risks should be priced to model, and today it is priced at its substantial discount to model in many instances. The attritional loss component of property is also, in many cases, inadequately priced and should return to adequacy. And by the way, even though it is inadequately priced, property cat premiums have been used by many to subsidize inadequate pricing and other classes during the recent years of lighter cat losses, a pretty dumb strategy. As I have said in the past, many classes of D&O and employment practices liability are not adequately priced. Loss frequency and severity are increasing, combined ratios have reached a point in certain classes that are simply unacceptable.  Many primary and excess casualty-related losses, including U.S. commercial auto need rate. Loss cost trend while more benign in recent years has nonetheless continued while rates have moved down. Chubb's risk appetite has not changed. We have an exceptionally strong balance sheet and we're willing to deploy it where we can achieve an adequate underwriting margin. Before the third quarter's cat events and during the third quarter, like the second, we were beginning to see signs of a bit more stable pricing environment through the business we wrote. Remember though, we pay a penalty in terms of new business to achieve this result. We began to achieve rate in a few areas while rates were essentially flat where the rate of decline slowed in others. For example, in U.S. publicly traded D&O, rates went flat in the second quarter, and we're in fact, up 2% in the third.  Rate movements for the business we wrote in the quarter vary by territory and market segment. In our U.S. middle-market and U.S. major accounts and specialty businesses, renewal pricing in aggregate was up about 1.5%, with exposure change an additional positive 1%. By major class of business, pricing for our risk management business is up 1.5%.  General and Specialty Casualty-related pricing was up about 4%. Financial Lines pricing was flat with management liability up 2% and property-related pricing was down about 2.5%. In our international retail commercial P&C business, pricing for general special -- general and specialty casualty, Financial Lines and property-related rates were all down 2%. For our London wholesale business, property rates were up 1%, and marine, down 2% and Financial Lines, flat. Now with that as context, let me give you some color on our revenue results for the quarter, which was a stronger on both a published basis and when adjusted for merger noise. Continuing the trend from prior quarter, this was our best quarter since the merger in terms of growth and reflects a careful balance between leveraging, the power, broad capabilities of the organization and underwriting discipline where we will trade market share for an underwriting profit. For the quarter, P&C net premiums written globally were up over 4.5% in constant dollars. Adjusted for merger-related underwriting actions, they were up 4%. As a reminder, the impact from these merger-related items will continue to ameliorate as we move forward. In our North America commercial P&C business, net premiums we're down about 0.5%. Normalizing for merger-related actions, they were up 1%. The renewal retention rate for our North America commercial P&C business was steady at 92%, with major account and specialty at 94% and middle market at 88%. Overall new business writings for North America commercial were up about 1.5% over third quarter '16, with new business growth coming from major accounts, middle market, small commercial and Bermuda wholesale. In our North America Personal Lines business, net premiums written were up 18%. Excluding the 13-point impact of a onetime on a premium transfer that reduced premiums written in the prior year, growth was about 5%. Rates were up about 2%, and exposure change added 3%. Retention remains very strong at 95%. Turning to Overseas General. Net premiums written for international retail P&C were up over 2% in the quarter in constant dollars, and nearly 4% excluding merger-related actions. Latin America led the way with growth of 12% while the U.K. and Ireland had a good quarter with growth of 4%. Our Asia-focused internationalize Life Insurance business had a very strong quarter with net premiums written and deposits up 28% for the near, year-to-date growth to 18%. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. We are in good shape but the remainder of our integration activities, operationally and financially, all areas of integration are on track or ahead of schedule. Lastly, we're continuing to plant seeds to capitalize on future growth opportunities around the globe. You saw, for example, our recent announcement of a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with one of Asia's most respected banks, Singapore-based DBS. At the heart of our venture is our joint ability to market and service insurance digitally to DBS customers both consumer and business. In sum, the company is in great shape and we are optimistic about the future. While it was a tough quarter for cat, again, it's the business we are in. We should be at the beginning of a firming market, and we intend to help lead in that direction. Our company is in great shape from the perspectives of risk management, growth opportunity and financial efficiency. We are investing aggressively in our future Web delivering results to shareholders today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we'll come back and take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Due to the unusually high level of catastrophe losses in the quarter, we sustained an operating loss of $60 million or a $0.13 per share. Catastrophe losses totaled over $1.5 billion after-tax or $3.27 per share net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums.  Our underlying results were strong with current accident year underwriting income, excluding catastrophes, a record $839 million, up over 5.5% from the prior year. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we maintain a necessary liquidity to support our business around the globe with total capital exceeding $63 billion. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $563 million to shareholders, including $331 million in dividends and $232 million in shares repurchases. Year-to-date through September 30, our share repurchases have totaled $707 million and our program for the year remains open. Operating cash flow for the quarter was a record $1.8 billion. As Evan mentioned, book value and tangible book value per share were up 0.5% and down 0.3%, respectively. Our operating loss and capital-related actions in the quarter were offset by positive portfolio returns and favorable currency movements. Our invested assets grew by $2.2 billion or over 2% for the quarter, reflecting the favorable impact of foreign currency and positive cash flows.  Investment income of $893 million was a record and higher than expected due to a $44 million distribution from a coinvestment by Chubb with one of the company's private equity fund partners. We now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $845 million to $855 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $829 million pretax, and included a $680 million gain from FX and a $223 million gain from the investment portfolio, driven by a slight decline in yields and a positive return on our private equity portfolio. Our pretax catastrophe losses in the quarter, principally from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria were $3 billion gross and $1.9 billion net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums bigger this compared to expected that catastrophe loss for the third quarter of $330 million pretax. Additional information on catastrophe losses as the deal in our financial supplement. Net loss reserves increased over $2.3 billion for the quarter. After adjusting for cat losses, our loss reserves increased $660 million. The paid-to-incurred ratio in the quarter was 69%. Adjusting for cat losses and prior period development, the ratio was 87%.  We have positive prior period development in the quarter of $270 million pretax or $206 million after-tax. This included $77 million pretax of adverse development for our legacy environmental liability exposure versus $52 million in 2016. The remaining favorable development of $347 million was principally in long-tail lines related to accident years 2012 and prior. Overall, our favorable prior period development is down compared to last year by $79 million pretax. This is primarily due to the higher environmental charge in 2017, and the fact that 2016 included the release of an individual legacy liability case reserve of $25 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect our combined ratio to be favorable impacted by income level benefits from integration savings at a level similar to the third quarter. By year-end 2017, we will have achieved our full annualized run rate integration-related savings in accordance with the disclosed target of $875 million. As we move through 2018, the relative impact on our combined ratio will dissipate.  Merger-related underwriting actions were $87 million in the quarter. We expect this to increase modestly in the fourth quarter because it includes the impact of the accounting policy alignment we discussed on this year's first quarter conference call. The merger-related impact on premiums will be pretty substantially beginning in the first quarter of 2018. The operating income tax rate for the quarter was impacted by the high level of catastrophe losses. Excluding catastrophe losses, in excess of our expectations, the effective tax rate in the quarter was 16.5%. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate excluding the impact of the excess third quarter catastrophes to remain within the 16% to 18% range for the year. I'll turn it back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Evan, on the pricing outlook, some argued that the industries do have plenty of excess capital and that it is a very fragmented marketplace. So what gives you comfort that this is the beginning of a firming market and the potential price increase will be sustainable?
Evan Greenberg: Well, Kai, it's one thing for there to be plenty of capital, but I agree that theres. It's another thing to receive a reasonable return on the capital. And when I -- when you look at industry results, in aggregate, many the industry are not in achieving cost of capital, let alone, a reasonable risk-adjusted return. Combined ratios are under pressure. You take out cat premiums that's subsidized, that mask the underlying health, you get rate going in one direction, the trend going in the other. And so in my judgment, it has reached a point where the industry -- there is enough pressure that I think, all the responsible companies, there is a recognition of that need. And you'd like the market to be -- to behave though markets the markets and hardly, they behave always rationally. But if we were to suppose a rational and responsible industry, you'd like to not have volatility in terms of pricing and terms to customers.  You'd like it to behave in a more orderly way. And I believe all that bodes towards that direction. The other thing I'd tell you is losses were concentrated. These events weren't just evenly spread. They were concentrated in a number of important places. And those are the market -- the plumbing, the financial plumbing for insurance is global and it is connected. And I think have the loss disproportionately hit some of those centers, London as an example, drives a behavior that has an impact on many other markets at the same time. So while there's no guarantees, that's my point of view.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. And my second question, on your revenue growth. The underlying premium growth you said is past -- since merger. And could you quantify -- so how much about is attributable to the revenue opportunities you discussed in the merger? And would a hardly market accelerate the realization of the revenue opportunities?
Evan Greenberg: Well, look, I can put a dollar or a coin estimate on that. The fact is, when you look at the parts and pieces of this organization combined and the complementarity nature of the strengths of what we now have, that is 1 organization, so I'm hardly going to talk about it 2 years on -- in some artificial way of 2 organizations, it's all one. And the complementarity strands and capabilities are simply compelling from a market point of view for customers, whether it is from small commercial to middle-market to large commercial, and whether it is in the United States or it is overseas, or it is for a global customer, no one has the total capability that this organization has in terms of product and service and reputation for delivering. And we are capitalizing on that. And the fact is, where underwriters and we disciplined in underwriting and we will trade growth for underwriting discipline. And then the more the market rationalizes to a reasonable risk-adjusted price for the risk they take, the more opportunity that will create for Chubb. Thank you for the question.
Operator: And we'll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Just following up a little bit, on the market outlook as well. You have insinuated there being about $100 billion of losses this quarter. Now when we look at the disclosures that we'd see to date, where obviously there's a decent size of delta between the losses that are out there and that $100 billion figure. Do we need to see $100 billion, meaning as the losses come in, both the potential and the start of what you said is a firming market -- not be there, I mean how do you view the need to see about $100 billion of losses?
Evan Greenberg: Look, I think I'm not speaking a little too simplistic way. You're just putting a point estimate. So if it's 99, Elyse, what do you think? $101 billion, what do you think? -- excuse me, we're talking circa -- in the range of. And what you always see large cats, if you look back through experience, and let's say, let's take Katrina as an example. What was the initial reported loss by insurers, and what did Katrina ultimately develop to? I recall somewhere in the $30 billion range that ultimately became $42 billion to $45 billion. I think that's what you're seeing here, and I think you're going to continue to see it creep. And it happens over a period of time.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's great. And I imagine because there's estimates out there now that you can ballpark at to -- maybe $50 billion. I wasn't talking about $1 billion but in terms of pricing just when you think. . .
Evan Greenberg: Well, you pick a number, I'll pick mine. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then what you're talking about pricing in this firmer market, how are you thinking about price specific to really property and certain pricing levels that you think are needed for Chubb to get a lot more aggressive? I mean, how has the dialogue been with been with your clients following on these events in and around the potential to push for more price?
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, in the very early days when you think about the business of housings move and how the business actually works. So in October, you're really quoting late November and December business. In September, your business for October was already done. So there is a lag and it takes time, and that is just building now. The rate increase, I was very clear in my commentary, it varies by customer in the way Chubb will approach this. It doesn't -- it's not some blunt instrument -- here is how much it needs to move. Some customers to make needs to be flat. Some customers need to quote 30% because what's the adequacy? Where are you priced the model on cat, and where are you priced for attritional loss? And that both need to be adequate.  And overall for the industry, if you're large account shared and layered, you're talking double digit and it has to be. If you're talking middle-market commercial, well, the pricing is going to vary depending on the class and where you are located in the United States, or where you're located overseas. We're underwriters, and so we price to the exposure.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And then one last for Phil on the tax side. You said 16% to 18%. That's a Q4 and a full year figure?
Philip Bancroft: I was saying general on a quarterly basis, yes. We would expect to run 16% to 18%. Now if you're talking about this year, as I said, that's 16% to 18% excludes the impact of the excess cats in this quarter. So on a normal year, I would say 16% to 18%.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Given the expectations for primary commercial insurance rates, it would seem that reinsurance rates could go up more. Could you talk about how much of its reinsurance protection Chubb already has placed for 2018? Or how much it might purchase next year relative to this year, please?
Evan Greenberg: Our purchase appetite is pretty steady, Jay, and that isn't something that changes in any dramatic way. Our notion of risk and how we see risk has not changed. These cats didn't show us something else about risks that we didn't already know, and that's what I tried to speak to in the beginning, and I think that speaks with -- remember something about reinsurance. If primary gets rate, the reinsurer automatically got rate because excess pricing, when you think about cat protection, is a derivative of the premium that is collected, and that premium is a proxy for the underlying rate and exposure. And so they automatically get rate. Now you're talking about rate on rate, and how much that will be. And I can't speak to that at this moment in time, it will be pure speculation. Our treaties com up through the year and we already have -- so depending on as they come up through the year, we have treaties that will run for 6 months into '18, 3 months into '18, and 9 months into '18. It all varies. We don't have it all piled into one day.
Jay Gelb: That's what I figured. My next question is on the California wildfires. Can you discuss what you think the industry total insured loss might be and then cats exposure given its market presence in high-net worth homeowners as well is the winery industry?
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Look, I can't speak to the industry loss right now. My own gut feel for it is the numbers that are out there that -- have a reach around them and where -- sorts of coalescences around that $5 billion, it doesn't feel off to me. But I don't know with any certainty. And for Chubb, I'm not going to give you a number because it's too early. It's too early to estimate our lawsuit position but from all we know at the moment, the net loss appears to be in the range of our cat load for the fourth quarter. But again, it's early days. When I say what's the cat load for the fourth quarter, and I'm not going to disclose our cat load for the fourth quarter. We don't do that. But I think you have a way of doing researching into the past.
Jay Gelb: Will the fourth quarter typically be less in the third quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Third quarter right? It's less.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: A quick question just on the pricing one here. So history, I think, has found, particularly, in the Casualty Line and even in the Property Lines, that firming markets typically follow an increase in the kind of perception of risk in those lines of business or higher loss trends -- something is happening. Do we really have that this time around?
Evan Greenberg: I think we do among a lot of prayers players, I do. Remember you had a lot of nonmodeled risk here, let's take Harvey as an example. Harvey was a rain event. It wasn't a wind event. It was a flood event. And models hardly imagine that. I think when the dust all settles and you look at Maria, the devastation in Puerto Rico, I mean it was -- it was pummeled back to the Stone Age. And the kind of business interruption exposures that can emerge from that, I think, stand up and give people to take attention. When you Irma approaching -- if Irma moves 70 miles east, you were looking at $150 billion. I think people stood up to take attention to that. The number of territories that were, in essence, correlated in single event, in single events, and then in aggregate in the events. While people understood it theoretically possible, it's another thing when it actually occurs. And it's something about human nature, that when you're taking a bet and you don't lose the bet over years, your perception of risk just has a way of moderating. Humans start to feel almost omnipotent that way. And then, as soon as it hits, isn't it amazing how people feel ? It's not just in catastrophes. It's in any kind of risk-taking. It's just the human condition. And that's what you've got going on. And that's why I started out by saying, it's not my company. And cat losses will stop you crying. This is the business we're in, this is what we do for a living.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then what do you think about the reaction of the alternative markets or capital markets? And did they put a lid on them -- any type of property pricing, pricing property, cats, those types of things?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we'll see. Look, the retro market was hit very, very hard and both with impaired capital and capital that is tied up because of the big question mark of whether it's impaired or not in the ultimate loss, to Elyse's question, what we've seen reported -- but there will be a big delta between what's been reported. And when you look back a year or 2 years well with the ultimate loss is. And that capital -- a lot of capital was tied up. And how much capital comes back in and based on what kind of return will be expected, which I can guarantee, has a lot higher than to get a return, a lot higher than the rates they took in the past. Well, that's in front of us and it's a short window, because here comes January 1, and reinsurers have to make their plans about how much capacity to commit.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: And I have a couple of questions last couple yes. So I guess, Maria -- can you talk about more -- I think the price, that's been everyone's lowest number. I know there's a lot of different range on the industry events but nothing -- it sees for a lot of people, it's half of less of the others. And I would have thought, for a company like yours, frankly, it would've been higher just given your national account exposure. There is almost as many Home Depot's and/or Walmarts, et cetera, on Puerto Rico as New Orleans, so I guess I'm surprised we're not seeing more national account type losses I would say, if you can't open the doors.
Evan Greenberg: I don't mind telling you that Chubb, fundamentally, overall our company, in the last 2 years, 3 years, we cut our exposure in the Caribbean and Puerto Rico in half or more. We didn't like pricing, we didn't like aggregations and we didn't like terms, period. Number 2, you're referring to big real estate schedules when you're using proxy of the kinds of accounts you named. And by the way, the most underpriced business is big, with the greatest basis risk and exposure is real estate schedules. And any underwriter worth half their salt understand that. So that's how I commented on based on Chubb. I can't comment that, I can't comment for you based on others. And on one hand, I scratch my head a little bit but on the other hand, what they do know is, many simply don't have good data yet. They don't know. And unlike us, they're not on the ground with people actually examining the exposure with -- through the eyes of experienced adjusters and with that kind of command and control around it. And I think there will be a surprise. I think business interruption when -- time will tell, and I could be wrong, but I think business interruption is going to be uglier at Maria than you imagined, through the obvious reasons -- electricity, ports and transportation, ability to operate.
Brian Meredith: Exactly, that's why I'm worried about. I'm glad you're not on it but I'm worried that others are. On your cat look, I'm doing some very back of the envelop math, which is maybe a little bit unfair. But I think I'm wondering, so said -- I guess I'm wondering do these events make you rethink your annual cat load just -- you said this is a 1-in-5 to 1 in 10, and it also, I think [indiscernible] 330s and normal Q3, so over 10 years, that would be $3.3 billion, you had a $1.9 billion every 7 years, that's about $2.9 billion with nothing in the other years. So again, that's a little bit changes using in Q3, but do these sort of return periods make you rethink what your normal cat load should be?
Evan Greenberg: No. It was actually -- and it depends -- look, are you talking AALs, or are you talking expected that in a normal year? And so there's different basis for thinking about it, number 1. And number 2, as I said, a 1 and 5 to a 1 in 10, and it fits within our expectation as we model the aggregations and what our appetite would be at various return periods based upon our losses as percentage of capital, as a percentage of earnings and as a percentage of industry as we imagine industry. These losses don't throw us. I know what you want me to square for you on this call, and I'm not falling into a math with you. I'll rapidfire back-and-forth math.
Ian Gutterman: I can move on. So to build up on Brian's point about sort of a -- what -- the magnitude we might be seeing here, I guess to me, the question is 2005 versus 2011, right, and you could argue 2011, we haven't seen many quakes in a year? And some of those quakes were in places where the quakes were in the quakes maps, right? I mean those were significant surprises. And you had a tight flood, maybe that's like the wildfires being the final gut punch. And yet, all you really got was localized pricing. And I guess I'm just sort of going through sort of supply-demand and listen to all the calls so far. The companies had much bigger losses than you, none of them are as saying they're retreating. They're all saying that they are looking to maintain their net and grow their gross. So no one's pulling out. The alternative guys certainly are looking to reload. And as the models aren't changing and the rating agencies aren't changing, it doesn't necessarily seem there's more demand. So if the demand is the same, the capacity at least the same, if not more, I just struggle with outside of obviously where there's been losses, why this is in 2011 like where it makes sense should be pricing, but at the end of the day, there's just too many people who want to grow and none of the people are go and paying.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, there's your thesis. I don't agree with you, and I gave you my thesis.
Ian Gutterman: Nothing else you want to add to that?
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to -- I don't think I'm going to repeat myself. I'm comfortable where I am. And by the way, I'm looking at property prices already moving. I have and you can't. Now time will tell. Time will tell. I think the industry's reserve position is tighter than it was back in '11. I think the published results x cat are under a lot more pressure than they were, and I've given you all my rationale.
Ian Gutterman: Well, it makes sense. We'll have to see how it plays out.
Evan Greenberg: No. We don't need to debate it. We just need to get on. Hey, Ian, I'm not going to give me an answer. I can only be wrong. I told you what I imagined, I told you what -- if we can have anything to do with crafting the reality, the reality we're going to craft.
Operator: And then we'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: A couple of small ball questions, if I can. One, let me start with Phil. So the guidance that you gave for investment fee income, we've seen it straight kind of sneak up in the past couple of months. Does that anticipate a continuation of that trend, or is this based on current levels?
Philip Bancroft: Well, it's a current view of our short-term rate. We update the run rate periodically, and we think that it's a -- based on the cash flow that we expect, and we do an analysis to estimate what we think our -- what we estimate as our investment income for the upcoming quarters.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Let me just add. That's this just for the fourth quarter. So for that, for higher rates to pike, it's going to take a while. So as we look forward, yes, we would anticipate some increase in rates and that will affect income as we go forward the next few quarters.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's helpful. And can you talk to the adverse development in North America personal?
Philip Bancroft: Yes, [indiscernible] going well, for sure. As we had adverse PPD of $32 million, PRS in Q3, that was a -- some unfavorable loss development in homeowners, a little bit of an offset to that from the umbrella. That compares to $30 million in the third quarter of 2016. Recall here, Meyer, that we're harmonizing the 3 books of business and this is a huge portfolio. It's in the homeowners line. It's short-tail, very short-tail, and you just a little bit of movement on some of these losses. So nothing what I would [indiscernible] noise.
Evan Greenberg: That's all in the prior prayer but I'm going to help you, Meyer. Okay, we saw the loss ratio in the current accident year also continue to go up in personal. So, why? I'm being your lawyer, Meyer.
Philip Bancroft: That's a great question, Evan, and I don't consider that a small mall. I consider that a big bowl. The Personal Lines current accident year loss ratio excluding cats is $51.9 billion in Q3. While at 51.9, Evan, I think, you and I would agree, that's still a good number, it is 2.6 Meyer than Q3 2016 comp, which was a at 49.3, and that is [indiscernible] higher than where we target the business to run.
Evan Greenberg: The causes of that elevated loss ratio were more large random fires than expected as well as an increase in water damage claims specifically versus fire.thicken given the high severity of low frequency nature of large fire losses, we anticipate random differences in the quarter-to-quarter impact. As you often say, it is our business. As I have mentioned in the past, we have been experiencing an elevated level of losses reversed pipes. We believe these water losses are on industry issue and are not isolated to us. We'll burst pipe losses typically cause us less than home fires, they're incredibly inconvenient for the homeowner and oftentimes, require them to be out of their homes for a period of time. Fortunately, no other carrier has more high-net worth home beta than us, and we have a proactive program to directly reach homeowners we've identified and more likely to have a water loss. We arm our customers with facts, and we give them practical advice in how to mitigate their chances of loss. We provide them with list of qualified professionals who can install devices such as sensors, water softeners and especially automatic shutoff valves. And of course, once these devices are installed, we provide them with the premium credits because of their improve price. So it's still early days for this proactive program. Our ages and brokers are excited about it and readily embracing it. In fact, they like being advocates for tangible tools to reduce risks and rates. This is part of the Chubb high net worth advantage that so different sheets us in the market.
Meyer Shields: And final question with a little bit of dead horse-beating. But Evan, you talked about mechanic of the leadership position that you have that have been take in terms of driving equipment.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's in some ways, a continuation of our playbook, we just can't give up. And it's how you -- it's how -- it's the command-and-control effect of underwriting management. So on one hand, it's how you -- its materials used to educate customers of why you need rate increases and riders, mathematically, the logic behind your statements and your actions. And that is to educate both the customer and your distribution partners and prepare the environment. At the same time then, it's how you train and arm your underwriters, many of whom have never been in an environment where they asked for a rate increase. They will be provided rate decreases and they're the ones on the front end. For those of you who are not in the business, and you're not, you just observe the business, this is one of the reasons why it takes time for markets to move because the way from the head to tail, to those actually have to administer it on a daily transaction-by-transaction basis, the command-and-control to get them to move takes -- can take time. We understand that and we're usually quicker. And it's getting our underwriters, therefore, and training them and helping them work alongside others who've done it before and being able to actually experience getting a rate increase and that you can do it and you can ask for it. Sounds simple? Not as simple as you might imagine. And then to reinforce that, what you do is you start changing underwriting authorities and you say I'm only giving you of no authority to quote less than x. Any if you're going to quote less the x as an increase, it has to -- it needs approval. It has to go up to manager. And you limit the number of managers who have that authority to move off of your stated instructions. And that has a way of putting discipline within an organization. So that's just an example to, the kinds of tools and how you do it and you get out there in a very granular way to drive execution of something like this. We've done it before and we know how to do that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: I was wondering if you could talk about the tax proposals that are floating around Washington. We don't have a lot of specifics yet but you probably have some view -- and also help that could affect Chubb given the complex Chubb's tax arrangements.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I won't comment directly because -- on the proposals right now, because this is -- you've got house constructing their views of tax and details in proposals, and they look at paying for us et cetera and then Senate doing the same. But let me -- but thank you for the question. I want to make a few other comments and observations none of this that I think important at this moment. And there's been a lot of noise recently from protectionists U.S. insurers. We are seeking the upset to global insurance markets that is working well for U.S. consumers. They want to stop competition from foreign insurers who help keep rates down and they were providing the majority of the cash that is sprinklings from let's take the recent hurricanes. U.S. insurers claim they are suffering compared to foreign insurers because of tax laws. Well this is fundamentally untrue. If you look at their stock prices over the last decade, shareholders of U.S. insurers, including Berkeley and Travelers have been richly rewarded over the last decade. Just compare a cohort of U.S. insurers and foreign insurers, and you'll see dramatic difference in how much more the U.S. insurers have improved their stock prices. And when they're not running the Congress, to limit foreign competition, they are telling shareholders in the public just how well they are doing, just read their annual reports and listen to their analyst calls, it's a litany of market successes and bright futures. They also make false claims about insurance jobs moving overseas and decreasing tax revenues. In fact, look at what Chubb has done. It is invested for growth in the U.S. As return signal from a money loser into a profitable taxpaying company, securing the jobs of thousands of employees -- and we used our capital to combine Ace and Chubb, we created a powerful competitor, offering U.S. customers and their array of new products and efficiencies while rewarding shareholders of the same time. And increasing revenue and payrolls means an expanded U.S. tax base, bringing in more personal and corporate tax at all levels of government. While Chubb was investing in the U.S., what were U.S. companies, like Berkeley and Travelers' doing, complaining about decreasing market share while using their capital to buy back stock, maybe boosting their share prices as a result, but failing to make the investments that are essential for long-term growth and creating more jobs. They know that the strategy doesn't work against companies like Chubb, which are investing in innovation and growth. So they want to slow us down by changing the tax rules and protect their market share at the customers' expense. The current tax system, including the rules about affiliate REIT makes sense because it's -- recognizes the tax should be applied where the risk reside and that system has encourage global distribution of risks, which maximizes the efficient use of capital, resulting in more competition and lower premiums. But you don't have to take my word that this system works to benefit customers and not as the tax avoidance scheme, the U.S. insurers have fantasized. The OECD looked at the tax avoidance question and they would be sceptical of any industry claims. And they concluded that affiliate reinsurance has a legitimate business purpose. And the U.S. Treasury Department also concluded that affiliate REIT is an important tool, allowing insurers to lower overall costs by pulling capital. So don't be fooled by claims of the U.S. insurers were trying to hide behind the falls patriotism and trade themselves in the flag. They are not interested in lowering costs for U.S. customers. They want to blow up the system that has worked so well to keep prices competitive in the United States. Thank you, Jay for that question.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: I wanted to dovetail a little with the Meyer asked about jumpering leadership. You guys have done a phenomenal job here, broking even in $100 billion loss last quarter. You were -- combined ratios, underlying basis are about 100 basis points better than they were three years ago. Interest rates were higher for pricing. It looks like another situation maybe for you, and maybe not the industry. Why is Chubb invested in this secret rate? Why don't let others make mistakes and allow you to capitalize on their mistakes as they come to you? Does Chubb need to be the one to demonstrate the leadership on the rates pricing?
Evan Greenberg: Well, yes. I think Chubb and I think others will do as they think is in the interest of their own company. I know we'll do what's in the interest of our company. Josh, there are many -- you're looking at the broken egg in it and it's a global book you're looking at. You don't see the underlying parts and pieces as I do. And I know in the large commercial business, and I know in pockets of all of our commercial business, the different classes and the different customer segments and where we are running a combined ratio that is adequate to earn a decent risk-adjusted return and where it is not. And we have many classes that other under pressure. They may earn an underwriting profit but their combined ratios are too high. It is inadequate to earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return. And by the way, as I always say, we pay a penalty in terms of growth by maintaining underwriting discipline, particularly in those classes, in any class as it approaches inadequacy. And then what you know is, trend continues, it just marches on minute by minute, day by day. And you need, if you want, you want to get out of that. You want to stay ahead of the. And what you don't want to do, and I don't want to see happen -- I care about our industry because I care about our industry's reputation and what customers don't want ultimately it's volatility in pricing. They want more predictability. And so all of that success to me, when you add it all together between opportunity, between the in between responsible behavior in an industry that is importance to the plumbing of our economy, that we behave in a responsible rational way, so prices should I need to.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Paul Krump - EVP of Chubb Group and President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance John Lupica - VC of Chubb Group and President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance
Analysts: Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Gelb - Barclays Sarah DeWitt - JP Morgan Chase Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Chubb Limited’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to our June 30, 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to Company performance, investment income, pricing and business mix, economic and market conditions and integration of the Chubb Corporation acquisition and potential synergies and expense savings. All of these are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings and earnings press release and financial supplements, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available at investors.chubb.com. In particular all references to 2016 underwriting results will be on as it basis which excludes the impact of purchase accounting adjustment related to the merger. Now I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, then we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Chubb had a very good quarter, we produced strong earnings that were driven by world-class underwriting and record investment income. After tax operating income for the quarter was $1.2 billion or $2.50 per share compared to two and a quarter per share prior year up 11%. For the six months of this year operating income was up 13% from 2016. Our combined ratio for the quarter was simply excellent, 88% compared to 90.2% last year. And it benefited from a substantial improvement in the expense ratio of about 1.5 point as well as lower catastrophe losses. Total P&C underwriting income of $808 million was up 20%. The current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses for the quarter was outstanding at 87.5%, again almost 1.5 points better than the last year, driven by integration of related expense savings that benefited both the expense ratio and the loss ratio. Those savings plus a loss adjustment expense reserve release mitigated a rise in the underlying current accident year loss ratio of 1.2 points. Given the market conditions and the fact that we are in a multi-year soft insurance market, these results are truly distinguishing and clearly demonstrate the benefits of our global capabilities. Our portfolio construction and underwriting management, hallmarks of our Company, they also speak to the quality and talent of my outstanding colleagues around the world, our culture of excellence and craftsmanship at all levels of the organization. Net investment income for the quarter was a record $855 million, above the guidance we gave you last quarter and up about 5% over prior year. Philip will explain why we exceeded recent guidance. Chubb’s strong earnings produced a good operating ROE of about 10% for the quarter while for the six months period per share book and tangible book value have grown 4.4% and 7.6% respectively and they have increased about 12.5% and 20% since the merger closing in January of last. Phil will have more to say about investment income, book value, cats and prior period reserve development. The commercial P&C market is with a few exceptions soft globally, though conditions vary depending on territory, line of business and size of risk. Most areas of the commercial P&C market are soft and highly competitive as many companies reach for growth. As noted in the prior quarters, large account business particularly shared and layered remains very competitive, though pricing maybe beginning to bottom. On the other hand, middle market business with the exception of commercial auto continues to grow more competitive by the quarter. Wholesale remains more competitive than retail, particularly in short tail lines. In wholesale certain stressed casualty classes are beginning to get rate, not enough to produce adequate returns, but nonetheless improving. Globally new business has been hard to come-by and what simply can be described as a hungry market. Competitive new business conditions are ameliorated for us to some degree when it’s about more than rate and we bring the power of the organization to bear for a client or producer. In the quarter 11% of North America retail commercials, P&Cs new business and 6% of our international new business came from cross-selling and the power of the organization. Also our total capabilities in terms of product, service reputation, ability to serve many different types of insurance customers, our deep distribution capability and extensive geography reach means our optionality or ability to capitalize on opportunity is exceptional, it will only improve with time. I will point to a few examples later. With that as backdrop, the good news is for the business we wrote the trend for pricing improved, rates were essentially flat or the rate of declines slowed in comparison to recent quarters. And in some stress classes we were able to achieve rate, such as U.S. commercial auto, Australian property and [D&O] (Ph), Mexican auto where we are large players and U.S. ENS casualty. In U.S. D&O class that needs rates as we noted on our last call, pricing for the business we wrote went flat. As we projected revenue growth for the quarter continue to trend better on both the publish basis and when adjusted for merger noise. In fact this was our best quarter since the merger in terms of growth. However, with the exception of our risk management business which had nice growth and continue to benefit from a flight to quality and capability, we wrote less new business trading new business growth for better terms and we lost business for price we weren’t loosing by a few points. Our overall renewal retention in the quarter was steady and that was true among the various lines of business with the exception of one that we have discussed before, which is North America property and casualty coverage for real estate related risks. The tough class where Chubb has been leader. In the quarter, P&C net premiums written globally were flat in constant dollars. Foreign exchange had about a 0.5 percentage point impact, adjusted for merger related underwriting actions in reinsurance P&C net premiums were up over 2.5%. As a reminder the impact from these merger related items has and will continue to ameliorate as we move through the year. Rate movement for the business we wrote in the quarter varied by territory and market segments. Renewal rates were down about a 0.5% in our U.S. middle market business, with exposure change a positive 1%. In our U.S. major accounts business, renewals pricing was down about a 0.5% and exposure change with an additional negative 0.5%. In our international retail commercial P&C business pricing was down one, again overall these were the best rate results we have seen in quite a few quarters for the business we wrote. By major class of business beginning with North America, retail general and specialty casualty related pricing was down about a 0.5%. Financial lines pricing was down about a 0.5% with D&O flat and property related pricing was down one. Internationally, general and specialty casualty related pricing was down 2%. Financial lines pricing was flat and property related pricing was down 3%. The UK commercial P&C market remains highly competitive, but overall we achieved better pricing with rates mostly flat. The continent of Europe on the other hand became marginally more competitive. In Australia we achieved meaningful rate in property and DNO a rationale sign for what is a very competitive market. The balance of Asia and most of Latin America largely remain status quo in terms of pricing trend. Now with that as context, let me give you some more detail on revenue results for the quarter. In our North America commercial P&C business, net premiums were down 1.3%. Normalizing for merger related underwriting, net premiums were up about 1.5% and the renewal retention ratio for retail was at 88%. Overall new business writings for North America commercial lines were up about 3.5% over second quarter 2016. Again with the exception of risk management, we wrote less new business than prior year. The trade we are not happy to make, but we will take all day long to secure adequate underwriting terms. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written were up 2%. Excluding the six point impact of additional reinsurance growth was 8%. Rates were up 2% and exposure change added 3%. Retention remains very strong at about 95%. Turning to our overseas, general insurance operations, net premiums written for international retail P&C business were up about one and a quarter in the quarter in constant dollars and over 3% excluding underwriting action. As a few highlights, Asia-Pac, Asia-Pacific commercial P&C business was up 9% on the back of Australia and New Zealand. Japan P&C was up 12%, Latin America [A&E] (Ph) was up 11.5% and international personal lines were up over 9%. Mexico continues to be a bright spot for us, up strong double-digits overall for the quarter. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. We are in good shape with the remainder of our integration activity, operationally and financially, all areas of integration are on-track or ahead of schedule. As you saw in the press release, we have now increased the total annualized run rate savings we will achieve by the end of 2018 to $875 million, up from $800 million, which is up from the original $650 million when we announce the merger. These savings are directly contributing to our margins in the phase of declining rates and continuing loss cost trends while giving us room to invest in our competitive profile, including our technology, our talent, new lines of business and future operating efficiency. We are investing substantial sums, talent and time in positioning this Company to be a leader in a digital age, because the economy globally is digitizing. This includes our organization structure, cycle times of change, expertise and skill sets of our people, data and analytics, robotics, the front-end customer experience to the customer back-end claims experience and the very definition of the products we sell. This is not just strategy, we are quietly executing. In closing, we are operating in a highly competitive P&C market and navigating it well. There is no other Company better diversified and positioned with the breadth of capabilities, culture, talent, broad distribution and presence around the world that we have today at Chubb. We have built and are building a revenue machine. Governed however by our underwriting discipline and it gives us great confidence and optionality in uncertain times and makes us more relevant to our customers and business partners. The entire organization is intently focused on execution, we are optimistic about our ability to continue to outperform. With that, I will turn the call over to Phil and then we will back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you Evan. Chubb’s overall financial position grew stronger in the quarter as we continue to generate substantial capital and positive cash flow. We have a very strong balance sheet to support our business around the globe with total capital exceeding $63 billion. We grew our tangible book value per share by 4.3% in the quarter. Concerning tangible book value per share growth, you will remember that at the close of our merger the initial dilution to our tangible book value per share was 29%, since then we have reduced that dilution to about 10%. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $667 million to shareholders including $332 million in dividends and $335 million in shares repurchased. Year-to-date though June 30, our share repurchases have totaled 475 million. Investment income of $855 million was a record and was $20 million higher than our expectations. Half of that increase was due to higher than estimated private equity distributions and the other half from increased call activity in our corporate bond portfolio. Net realized and unrealized gain for the quarter was $747 million pre-tax and include a $588 million gain from the investment portfolio primarily from decreases in interest rates and gains from our private equity portfolio. We have also had $116 million gain from FX and an $80 million gain in our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Net loss reserves increased $226 million for the quarter. The pace of incurred ratio in the quarter was 99%. Adjusting for cat losses and prior period development, the ratio was 95%. We had positive prior period development in the quarter of $170 million pre-tax, about a $144 million after-tax. This include a $43 million pre-tax of adverse development related to our run-off non-A&E casualty exposures, which is included in corporate, and $57 million pre-tax favorable development relating to our industrial accident workers’ compensation coverage from the 2016 accident year. The remaining favorable development was split 40% long tail lines principally for the 2012 and prior accident years and 60% short tail lines. Our catastrophe losses in the quarter were 200 million or a $152 million after-tax compared to $390 million or $311 million after-tax in the prior year. Catastrophe losses this quarter were primarily from U.S. weather related events. Integration realized and annualized run rate savings are ahead of expectation. Total incremental integration related savings realized in the quarter were a $105 million leading to total inception to-date realized savings of $554 million. On an annualized run rate basis, savings through June are $775 million. As Evan noted, we now expect to achieve annualized run rate savings of $875 million by the end of 2018 up from our prior estimate of $800 million. We are also expecting integration and merger related expenses to be $903 million up from our prior estimate of $809 million. As we disclosed in our press release the benefit of these integration related savings is reflected in our combined ratio. Our combined ratio in the quarter reflected the incremental impact of integration related savings of $104 million, a $45 million benefit related to the harmonization of the Company’s pension and retiree healthcare plans and the release of loss adjustment expense reserves of $30 million. These favorable items was partially offset by increased spending to support growth and the impact of salary increases and inflation. We noted in the fourth quarter of 2016 that we expect the incremental annualized impact of our U.S. retirement plan harmonization to be approximately $100 million pre-tax. Through six months we have realized $80 million, the remaining $20 million is expected to be recognized in the second half of 2017. The operating income tax rate for the quarter is 16%, which is at the low end of our expected range, principally due to a higher level of catastrophe losses occurring in the U.S. we expect our annual effective tax rate to remain within 16% to 18% range for the remainder of the year. I will turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first question to Ryan Tunis, Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks. I guess my first question was just thinking about these merger related underwriting actions in reinsurance. I guess at this point, it’s a pretty substantial number and I guess the way we see it, so far it feels like it’s only shown up in the form of lower net written premium, I’m wondering if that’s the right interpretation or there is other price if that we are seeing it, whether it’s like the was the cat load lower this quarter than it would have been as you not done that. Is there a meaningful free up in capital or is it actually serving as a pretty major tailwind on like the expense ratio and a loss ratio just any help on that would be useful? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Well first of all you wouldn’t be able to see it in the cat load, because we don’t give guidance. So you don’t actually know what our cat load is, but as an example we have told you this before, first of all you get the annualized impact of reinsurance it has to run its course. So we bought a quota share treaty last year, Northeast quota share it’s also in our Qs and Ks. And we bought that and we were very clear - I’m giving you one example, in third quarter last year that the trade-off of premium versus buying straight cat access on a risk reward basis made much more sense to us and that did lower our cat profile as one example. Secondly, merger related underwriting actions both for concentration exposure on a per risk or a cat basis as well as portfolio that haven’t met our underwriting standards of making a reasonable underwriting return. When you look at the accident year loss ratio it is benefiting and that it is in fact flat year-on-year. That’s illogical when you think about rate and trend. Mathematically, it’s not possible, if you are mathematically on us. However, what ameliorates that what ameliorates it is expense savings and also underwriting actions that we have taken merger related that help to ameliorates that. I hope that answers your question.
Ryan Tunis: That’s helpful. And then I guess my follow-up is just on some of your commentary about the competitive environment. I think you said shared and layered remains competitive though pricing is beginning to bottom. On the other hand middle market is becoming more competitive. I guess at this point in the cycle, what do you think is driving that the economy and what do you think it’s going to take for the middle market in particular I guess to reach the bottom and the new business to become more attractive? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Well, large account and shared and layered has been competitive for longer. I mean, they have been both rate and trends that’s be gridding on for a few years between the wholesale market feeding it and the direct retail market and reinsurers. All participants have been involved in the competitive environment there and it has been going on. At some point, what happens? Losses start coming in, broader terms and conditions, they start catching up to pricing and combined ratios rise, you see it. It’s not hiding itself. And that eventually causes rates to begin to flatten out. Not necessarily in a place to that [equip] (Ph), but the first thing I have to do start flattening out. So market wares itself out at some point. In the middle market, the middle market is always more orderly than the large account particularly shared and layered. And that began late, that has just only began in the last number of quarters to become more competitive where companies are trying to reach for growth. Economic growth is reasonably slow and companies are reaching for more growth, because they don’t have another way to go and as you are seeing EPS and that will go for a little while. It is my sense. I don’t see a catalyst excepted really combined ratios underwriting cash flow. So Ryan, I can’t forecast the future, I sit with a crystal ball, but my sense is, it’s more competitive and it will remain that way for a little while.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Good morning. My first question is on the premium growth. I appreciate all the color in terms of merger and the reinsurance. Evan you mentioned obviously the increase reinsurance to place last year starting in the third quarter. So when we kind of tie together your commentary about the market and how you see the business. Are we reaching the point when the third quarter of this year on an ex-currency basis, we should start to see your growth in that premium written?
Evan Greenberg: You know we don’t give forward guidance, but I don’t see a reason why the trend that we are seeing in our underlying growth doesn’t continue and merger-related underwriting actions will continue to ameliorate as the year goes along. And you are correct there was a large - last year not only did we buy it, we also did an [un-urged] (Ph) premium transfer that also impacted net written premium at that time. So you are correct it was more penalty last year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of revenue synergies, first off if you could just get a number for the quarter? And then second, Evan I know in the past you had kind of tied your long-term view just to kind of give a ballpark figure to at least being equal to level of expenses for the deal in terms of revenue synergies. The expense saves has been increased, does your view on revenue synergies also increased, and if you can just talk high level about the revenue synergies that have come about to-date compared to your expectations?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, and remember what I spoke to was a - I don’t have my exact words in front of me, but that we have revenue, we would have expense saves that translated to operating income and that we would have income from additional revenue opportunities that would approach some proportional either equal or within a range. I haven’t changed my view on the revenue side, we haven’t really top stated that frankly to look forward in the next two or three years about that. All things being equal, the revenue synergies that we have projected remain on-track. We are growing the small commercial business, we said that would take years to occur. That is happening. We said that we would gain in middle market around the globe and small commercial around the globe. That is on-track. We have been planting the seeds for that and placing and building operations in targeted markets around the world that will feed that growth. We said cross-selling and that by really important cross-selling the strength in the organization, bringing more products to the distribution in North Americas fast middle market capabilities that we haven’t shut and that is happening. We are driving that and we can measure that, whether it is cyber insurance, environment liabilities, specialty casualty, international coverages for middle market companies, we are seeing that. We can measure that. And on the other side of coin, the governor in a little it for us is underwriting, because it’s a soft market with a lot of headwind and that’s what governs it the other way. Sometimes you get more joy through the effort, sometimes you get less, we stay steady.
Elyse Greenspan: And the number of…
Evan Greenberg: And we told you that 11% to the new business and 6% of new business and I think Phil.
Philip Bancroft: We have for the quarter a 110 million of gross written premiums that relates to that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, perfect. And one last question. Can just give a little bit of color on what will be adverse development within your North America personal line segment in the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m going to give that to Paul Krump, who was waiting for you to ask that question.
Paul Krump: Good morning Elyse thank you Evan. Let me unpack this a little bit for you Elyse. The second quarter PPD amounts reflects unfavorable vast development from a combination of prior period tax, wreck marine and auto liability. Let me just dispose the wreck margin quickly, because that was one single claim. When you think about of cats, that was about a third of the amount and the third was coming from auto liability. Recall Elyse that we brought together legacy ace, firemen’s fund in Chubb and in doing so we have integrated the reserving processes for all three companies and we have also then brought together a far more credible data than we previously had available for automobile. And that data has caused us to increase our expectations slightly on some portions of the book. Now recall, though that this is over several actions years and just that about a third of the amount of PPD is the raise in the auto. So it’s very much a de-minimums amount and I think it’s important to note that that data pegs our thinking about pricing and our underwriting moving forward.
Operator: We will go next to Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. First question on the cost savings target and where is the - Phil can you could talk more about where the $75 million additional cost savings come from and how much you plan to reinvestment in that business, how much do you think can flow through that bottom line?
Philip Bancroft: Yes well, you are already seeing it flow through the bottom line substantially and we are investing in the business as I gave you on the commentary. Where it comes from is spread broadly across the organization, its fundamentally not in the underwriting units or in sales and marketing, its more in support operations and it is personal cost related, it is outside services related, it is IT related and it’s to some degree real estate related.
Kai Pan: Okay. Then my second question and follow-up on the reserve side. I also had a personal eye in the North American commercial business also see a year-over-year slowing down in terms of reserve releases. Just wondering if you can provide additional sort of color on that?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it was a positive reserve release, which speaks to strength of our reserves. Our prior period reserve development has variability, it varies by quarter. It depends on the reserve studies that we do in the quarter and which we do, we study all major lines through the year and quarter-to-quarter though this variability depends on what you did study. Again our reserves are strong, the first quarter I will remind you was essentially flat with prior year, I think it was down $10 million or $15 million bucks. I can’t predict the future, I don’t know future trends, frequency and severity versus the inputs we use to create our reserves in any given line of business. But again, what I’m very comfortable with this, our reserves are quite strong.
Kai Pan: Thank you for that. And if I may just one, quick one. You see unfavorable releasing unallocated claims, handling expense contribute to the loss ratio improvements the one point. Is that one-off?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it can be. Yes, we studied it every year and/or more than once a year, we look at what we put away for future claim development. And so like any other reserve, we study that and this quarter, the actual projected and what we have seen as trend versus what we are holding reserve, resulted in the release. I can tell you, last year when we did second quarter review, we also had a reserve release then on unallocated loss adjustments expense. But I can’t predict the future of that, it’s not like well, it’s just as, you are going to harvest a reserve release in UA area, you don’t know that, you can’t project it.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb, Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Good morning. I was hoping, you could comment on the recent favorable trends that’s been identified in the slowdown, in the number of law suits being filed in state courts and whether that would have a positive trend on Chubb’s loss cost inflation?
Evan Greenberg: We have seen the same thing that is slowed, we read the same headlines you read and we see that out there. We haven’t noticed it, particularly in our casualty loss costs development. Though, I can say that in general casualty in particular reserve releases have come from trends lower than we projected, so that is a fact. On the other hand, when you look at litigation related to directors and officers, there is no improvement in that area, and in fact frequency and severity have worsened. The article that you read refer to general litigation of nuisance suits and others in that where Americans would freely reach for a legal remedy to any misfortune that came to them, that there is a decline in that. That you don’t see in directors and officers.
Jay Gelb: I appreciate that. And then more broadly given all the back and forth we are seeing from the administration, on various topics. I thought, you could help us out by updating us on your views around tax and trade?
Evan Greenberg: You want to get me in trouble. Don’t you? My views remain as they were. For our country and for our economy to reach its full potential which it is not right now. We need tax reform, we need infrastructure, the state of infrastructure in our country is shameful, and is a competitive disadvantage and we are somehow lackadaisical about that. I can tell you, I travel around the world, you go to China, you go to other countries that are growing near economies and will grow their economies more rapidly than us, their infrastructure is far superior and that is a tax on us. Regulation, deregulating is so important. An awful lot of this requires legislation and we need an administration that is focused, that is working with Congress and we need a Congress that comes together to address these issues of our country. There is just no doubt about it. When it comes to trade, I stand firm, our country has benefited substantially, in particular NAFTA and it is a competitive advantage to our country. And that agreement is up for negotiations right now to modernize it. And I’m hopeful and I believe there are so many in the administration who understand it that it is important for us to modernize it and to recognize the benefit to our citizens that all three countries gain parties to NAFTA from NAFTA. It makes a competitive North America in a global marketplace.
Jay Gelb: Thanks very much.
Operator: We will next to Sarah DeWitt, JP Morgan.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a question on the agriculture business. How you are looking in that business, it seems like through conditions are worsening. So any color you could give on what is going on there would be helpful?
Evan Greenberg: I’m going to turn it over to solve it to farmer John Lupica.
John Lupica: Yes thanks.
Evan Greenberg: But you are obsessing in that about the western part of the Corn Belt and not the eastern part.
John Lupica: Yes, Sarah thanks. It’s John. So yes our early focus this year was on winter wheat and the growing conditions for the spring crop that you mentioned. Right now the winter wheat appears to be in line with our expectation, which is good news. And then the planting acreage may have dropped a little bit, but we expect that to show itself when we see the final revenue come out from the spring crops. And as for the spring crops, as you know we are in the midst of the growing season now. So we don’t have final, final look at it. The weather was a bit wet early in the season, but late in the summer we have seen the Western Corn Belt get hot and dry. So we are watching that. We can certainly use some rain outlast. The Eastern Corn Belt is doing terrific, and that looks to be in better shape. So right now we are watching the pattern. There is nothing out there that leads us to believe that we wouldn’t have anything about an average year. And I will just remind you, last year was just one of the best we had ever seen in this business.
Sarah DeWitt: Great, thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: We will go next to Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Great, thanks. If I could start Phil with just a follow-up on [indiscernible], first that 30 million shot in PPD or is it just from the regular loss ratio and then secondly was it concentrated in any one line which is spread across all the different segments.
Philip Bancroft: First of all we consider that current accident years, not in PPD. Paul would you say there was any concentration?
Paul Krump: That segment North American commercial.
Philip Bancroft: Yes North America commercial, but [indiscernible].
Ian Gutterman: Okay make sense. I guess as on personal lines growth the 8% sort of adjusted is a pretty strong results, obviously it sounds like a decent part of that is rate and exposure, but it seems like there are some maybe accelerating unit growth as well. Can you just talk about what is driving that, its obliviously a tough time at least on the auto side. I know it’s a smaller part of the book, but for peers are you finding opportunities to take business from people or is it mostly the home driving I was just curious?
Philip Bancroft: First , I would say this to you. our auto book is not a huge book, we are not a general auto market rider and we are earning in underwriting profit in automobile. We had unit growth in the quarter, we wrote double-digit number of new policies. Some of that is multiple policies on a customer and so we would say high-single thousands or mid-single thousands of new policy count. We are trying to get a handle better data on buying policies backed in customers in aggregate and making sure we have that exactly right, so I don’t wanted to misspeak about that. But we are gaining grip and our growth is coming in all three areas, we are getting it from the mass affluent, we are getting it from the higher segments of high net worth, all the way up to very high net worth both number of customers, but as well their own exposures grow as they acquire more assets, homes, et cetera and we are up selling there. I’m pleased with the progress we are making in personal lines, I can tell you as you get it, it’s like talking about small commercial, it comes in small bites, it take a long time to effect change that really shows in numbers in a significant way, but I like the way our marketing in sales is organized in our field operations, I like how we are being able to now begin to target county-by-county of the United States, where our target market is and beginning to put in place the capabilities in the sales and agent process to be able to target those customers to go after. That’s not a six months project, that’s multi-year project to really shows itself, but we are doing that. I like what is going on in our branding, I like what is going on in our new product capabilities as we rollout coverages and farm and ranch and cyber and directors and officers liability, not for profit in a better way. I like what we were doing in our service in underwriting, to the very high net worth and being able to underwrite them between admitted in E&S and global in a better way and we can do even better. The game plan we have put in place, if anything we are just crystallizing or focus on it, we are operationalizing better, we have more talent that we brought into high net worth from both inside and outside the organization. We have restructured, so that we can get a better focus on individual markets and as well speed of how we may change, but at the same time, this is a filed product state-by-state, rating product changes and system changes take time. I love the future ahead of us in that line of business.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, thanks. If I can ask a quick one on commercial, just you sounded a little bit, I don’t know if optimism is the right word, but certainly less pessimistic on where rates are. Is it fair to say though that even if this is a sign of a bottom, we are still trailing loss trend. I’m not trying to ask you for guidance. As I’m looking ahead beyond this year, there is still probably pressure on margins before any improvements that you make from mix or other changes?
Evan Greenberg: Absolutely Ian. Look, I would say this. What we saw in pricing? I don’t if one robin and makes a spring. So I can’t tell, number one. Number two, but look, I recognize it for what it is and its better than we have seen on our book in a number of quarters, number one. Number two, it was on our book of business. And the business were not writing new or that we are losing. I said it in the commentary, I’m going to underline, we are not losing for a couple of points. So it is a hungry market out there. When we look at terms and conditions, we lose for terms and conditions that we find, it will go across the board that make us shake our heads that are just final irresponsible or dumb. And so we see the market continuing. On the other hand, we do even see in the market generally pricing in a number of classes bottoming. But it’s at a level that absolutely will not earn and underwriting profit.
Ian Gutterman: Completely understood. Thank you for the comments.
Operator: We will go next to Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. With exposure assuming to be improving broadly. How do you think we should think about the portion of exposure increases in your book of business that acts like rates versus that which is actual exposure or increases? I’m just trying to think about the impact…
Evan Greenberg: I know what you think. But Paul, I’m curious, where do you see exposure improving?
Paul Newsome: Well, maybe it’s my hope that the economy improve in the U.S.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. but be careful, don’t witch cast here, because I’m not sure you are seeing it. I don’t see exposure growth improving. I see it flat and in some cases down actually than what we saw say a year ago. I think the economy is solid, but I don’t think it’s exciting, just kind of taking a long. The way to think about that is, there is an element and it varies by line of business. Exposure growth for instance in personal lines, a portion of the exposure growth just subsidize rate and a portion of the exposure growth is truly just a one-for-one trade-off. In commercial lines, it’s a mix also. To be able to tease that out to you and give you a rule of thumb or point estimate, I can’t do it, but you are correct about the elements.
Paul Newsome: Fair enough. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: I realize it’s not a satisfactory mathematical answer to you, but you are not on to the wrong.
Paul Newsome: I can only ask.
Evan Greenberg: Of course you can. And I can only try to answer.
Paul Newsome: Thanks. That was it.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thanks. Two quick questions here. First one, I’m just curious, was there any favorable or unfavorable impact from currency on operating earnings this quarter? And what do you think it’s going to look like here going forward given some of the weakness of the dollar?
Philip Bancroft: It was minimal, it was about $4 million on operating earnings.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And if we look at where we are today, is it benefit?
Philip Bancroft: I don’t think there could be any substantial benefit. Let’s see what happens.
Evan Greenberg: You know it depends, tell us the currency, give us the basket and we will have a better idea, but it’s bouncing around.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then second question, I’m just curious we are hearing more and more talk about distribution changes going on in the U.S. around the small commercial side and people planning for it. When you look at the small commercial business and your entry into it, are you planning on or your thoughts on direct distribution capability?
Evan Greenberg: Change is coming. I listen to a lot of loud talk these days, that I tried to say in my commentary, we are doing an awful lot, but we are going about it quite right. I think this helps better speak than a lot loud chatter. And I do think some of the talk is ahead of the reality at the moment. But with that said, change is coming. And we are not alone as in terms of carriers improving their capabilities, because of what technology brings that will lead that change. It’s around data, it’s around straight through process, it’s around data that improves the customer experience, while at the same time improving your ability to select risk and to do it quickly i.e. in seconds and to be able to then straight through process business. It’s claims on the other end, almost certain co-boarded claims that can be settled the same way. These capabilities will improve the intermediary ability to sell and service the business at a lower cost, to take that cost out it will speed the process. But at the same time those same capabilities will be delivered through new clients at the intermediary, dot-com type intermediaries, where potential customers are buying other services and products and its natural that it at that time they consider insurance, you are licensing your business your small business, you are setting up the accounting and financing of your small business. It’s a time that you will consider insurance as an example, there will be many like that. You taking out a loan for your business and technology enables those other forms of distribution. The customer will buy it from a desktop, the customer will buy it from a mobile device, they will buy it any time anywhere and they will service it anytime anywhere. This is not futuristic in the sense of measuring it in years from now. It’s on our door step, this is the next two years or shorter, it will be iterative, it will only get better and better and better. There won’t be one winner, there will be a number of them.
Brian Meredith: Okay, so you see aggregate is continuing to kind of gain share here at least have success in the U.S.
Evan Greenberg: Define aggregator to me.
Brian Meredith: I mean something like a continuous dot-com in the UK and the personal line side perhaps something here in the U.S. just seems like it hasn’t really caught traction here in the U.S.
Evan Greenberg: Well you know maybe I can see single source distribution with other financial services, I can see those who offer multiple choice, for those who simply want to shop insurance. I’m agnostic, I don’t see any one of them as winners, I see multiple winners, because I don’t think there is one kind of consumer out there, one kind of buying behavior out there and I think there are going to be other compelling options who are you to use in terms of buying that you haven’t had as a choice now to-date. That’s what I say.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. I just want to get an update on the life insurance business, it looks like both the earnings contribution and revenue growth is slowing there, and I’m wondering if you could talk about what is happening?
Philip Bancroft: Yes, the VA business are run-off, variable annuity business. We told you earlier I think it was in the fourth quarter that we adjusted our models and took our earnings and as a result put up our reserve that took down our earnings year-on-year. So quarter-on-quarter was around about $15 million to $16 million a quarter just coming off because of that change, right. And then our international life business is actually growing. You know Jay what I would do is if you look at Page 18 of this supplement, you will see that while the GAAP premium is down 3% , 3.5% the overall production in the quarter is up 8% if you include deposits and it’s up 14% over the six months. So we are starting to see strong growth in the production for the overall international life book.
Evan Greenberg: We would look at production more than GAAP premium.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Helpful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: This is a kind of FAS product that’s being sold.
Operator: Our last question comes from Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks very much for squeezing me in. Evan, can you compare the list of business within reinsurance now to two or three years ago. Is that changing?
Evan Greenberg: Say that again Meyer.
Meyer Shields: I’m wondering whether, obviously the premium volumes in global reinsurance are coming down. So it’s the mix opposite?
Evan Greenberg: Well. I’m just trying to add it up before I give you a complete answer, because everything has been coming down. Casualty is down, risk property is down, cat has been down. The mix is probably pretty steady, maybe it’s biases a little more towards the risk lines than the cat lines.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s helpful. And then finally, can you just get a quick explanation of what will be adverse development in the corporate segment?
Evan Greenberg: It’s the run-off business, the Brandywine run-off business is in the corporate segment.
Philip Bancroft: Right. So it was the business that was put into Brandywine in about 1995, there is a number of casualty lines where we had development.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t have a run-off division, that we sort of put things we don’t like. This is the Brandywine run-off. And also Chubb had as well run-off A&E. And we study the loan, what we call LTE other than, it’s other than asbestoses environmental which are third and fourth quarter. This is the other lines that would be like sexual molestation, et cetera, and it’s a run-off of that and that’s where charge was taken.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thanks very much.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Helen Wilson: All right. Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking you to you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman and CEO Philip Bancroft - CFO Paul J. Krump - EVP, Chubb Group and President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance John Lupica - Vice Chairman, Chubb Group and President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance John Keogh - EVC, Chubb Limited/Chubb Group and COO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Jay Gelb - Barclays Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods Ryan James Tunis - Credit Suisse Sarah DeWitt - JP Morgan Chase
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Chubb Limited First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn the conference over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to our March 31, 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company performance, investment income, pricing and business mix, economic and market conditions and integration of our Chubb Corporation acquisition and potential synergies and benefits. All of these are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings and earnings press release and financial supplements, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings release and financial supplement, which are available at investors.chubb.com. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, Chubb had a very good start to the year with strong results. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $1.2 billion or $2.48 per share compared to $2.26 per share the prior year, up nearly 10%. As a reminder, we closed the acquisition on January 14 last year, so our 2016 first quarter results excluded two weeks of Chubb earnings. For comparison purposes, adding those 14 days back into the last year's first quarter, operating income per share this quarter was up 8%. When discussing our underwriting results and premium growth, I will occasionally use the term "as if" to compare our results to last year's first quarter as if we were one company for the entire quarter and excluding merger-related accounting and underwriting actions. I expect, as the year progresses, we will reduce the need to reference "as if" for quarterly year-on-year results comparisons. Our combined ratio for the quarter was simply excellent at 87.5%. That compares to 90% last year or 88.9% as if we were one company for the full quarter. Total P&C underwriting income of $783 million was up 28% or about 9% as if. The underlying current accident year combined ratio, excluding cat losses was simply outstanding at 88% and better than last year, driven by a strong performance in our core global P&C business in particular. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $836 million, in line with the guidance we gave you last quarter and up 9% over prior year or 3% if we include the investment income for the 14 day stub period. Chubb's strong earnings produced a good operating ROE of circa [ph] 10% for the quarter, while book and tangible book value per share were up 1.7% and 3.1%, respectively. From post-merger closing to this March 31, book value per share has increased over 9.5% and tangible book has increased about 16%. Bill will have more to say about investment income, tangible book value, and cats, and prior period reserve development. For the quarter premium revenue growth was about in line with our expectations and what we described last quarter. The same themes prevailed; strong retentions of business, growth in new business over last year's first quarter, but constrained nonetheless due to market conditions, a contribution of new business from cross-selling and the strength of the organization, and a reduction in revenue due to merger-related underwriting actions, including the purchase of additional reinsurance. As a reminder, the impact from these last items, which this quarter amount to about 3% of P&C net premium, should ameliorate as we move through the year. For the quarter, P&C net premiums were up about 13.5% in constant dollars. Foreign exchange had a 0.5 point impact. On an as-if basis, P&C net premiums were up over 2%. The commercial P&C insurance market is soft globally. And conditions vary depending on the territory, line of business and size of risk. Rates are flat or declining, depending on class of business, size of customer and territory. The rate of decline is slowing, because pricing in many classes has reached or is reaching unprofitable levels.  On the other hand, there are a few stress classes where we're able to achieve or hold rate. Market terms and conditions continued to soften in a number of classes. At the same time we are discussing rate and term movement, keep in mind, that for the industry, claim inflation is hardly nonexistent and pricing hasn't kept pace, contributing further to industry combined ratios under pressure. And as you have noticed, in fact, loss cost inflation has increased in certain classes while overall reserve adequacy is starting to come under pressure. As noted in prior quarters, large account business, particularly shared and layered, is more competitive than mid-sized. But middle market is incrementally more competitive, particularly in the U.S. and Europe as companies stress about growth and reach more aggressively. Wholesale again is certainly more competitive than retail. Again, like last quarter, certain markets are noticeably more competitive than others. London, Bermuda, and Brazil by example are particularly competitive. While in the U.S. and Continental Europe, competition is a little less ferocious and a bit more orderly but soft or softening nonetheless. Globally, new business remains harder to come by in what simply can be characterized as a hungry market. Competitive new business conditions are ameliorated for us to some degree where the power of the organization is brought to bear for a client or producer. Also, our total capabilities in terms of product, ability to serve many different types of insurance customers, our deep distribution strength, and extensive geographic reach means our optionality or ability to capitalize on opportunity is exceptional and, by the way, will only improve with time. Rate movement for the business we wrote in the quarter varied by territory and market segment. Renewal pricing was down about a 0.5% in our U.S. middle market business, with exposure change a positive 0.5%. In our U.S. major accounts business, renewal pricing was down about 1.5%, with exposure change a positive 1.2%. In our international retail Commercial P&C business, pricing was down 2%. By major class of business, beginning with North America retail, general and specialty casualty-related pricing was down about 1%. Financial lines pricing was down about a 0.5% and property-related pricing was down about 3.5%. Internationally, general and specialty casualty-related pricing was down 1%, financial lines pricing was down 1%, and property-related pricing was down 2%. Now with that as context, let me give you some more detail on our revenue results for the quarter. In our North America Commercial P&C business, net premiums were up over 19%. Normalizing for the 14 days in January and the impact of merger-related underwriting actions, net premiums were flat. The renewal retention rate as measured by premium was 88.5%, with middle market and small commercial at about 87% and major accounts at nearly 94%. It is worth mentioning that while the overall market is competitive, there are a few classes, such as property and casualty coverage for real estate-related risks, where one or two companies simply for volume, defy any logic and are writing at terms that will produce very large underwriting losses in the future. In these instances, we just walk away. On the other hand, where there is a flight to quality advantage and the strength of our firm stands out, such as in our risk management business, renewal retention can be as high as 100%. Overall, new business writings for North America commercial lines were up 16% over first quarter 2016. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written were up 13%. On an as-if basis, and excluding the 5 point impact of additional reinsurance, growth was about 6.5%. Rates were up over 2% and exposure change added 3%. Retention remained quite strong at over 95%. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, net premiums written for international retail P&C business were up 10.5% in the quarter in constant dollars or nearly 6% as if. Growth for our global A&H business was up more than 5% in constant dollars or 1.5% as if, made up of 4.5% in North America, which includes combined insurance and our group A&H business, and about 1.5% in international. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends. I want to say a few words about integration. Operationally and financially, all areas of integration are on track or ahead of schedule. Integration-related savings are directly contributing to our margins in the face of declining rates and continuing loss cost trends while giving us room to invest in our competitive profile, including our technology, talent, product expansion, and future operating efficiency. Total integration-related savings impacted our combined ratio by about two points. In closing, there is a combination of strength and stability in our company that is highly attractive to our distribution partners and customers. Our people are intently focused on execution of strategies. We have a lot of energy in the organization right now and a great deal of optimism and passion. Personally, I am confident in our people and capabilities and in our prospects near and long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we're going to come back and take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Chubb's overall financial position grew stronger in the quarter as we continued to generate substantial capital and positive cash flow. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $460 million to shareholders, including $320 million in dividends and $140 million of shares repurchased. Year-to-date through yesterday, we have repurchased $200 million. We also paid off $500 million of debt that matured in the quarter. Our $1 billion of 2007 hybrid notes converted to a floating rate earlier this month, which at current rates will reduce our 2017 interest expense by over $30 million. Investment income was $836 million and was within our expectations. While there are always a number of factors that impact the variability of investment income, we expect our quarterly run rate to remain in a range of $830 million to $840 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $360 million, primarily from our investment portfolio and principally due to decreases in interest rates. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on book value of $118 million and a small unfavorable impact on operating income of $3 million. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $1 billion. Net loss reserves decreased $191 million for the quarter on a constant dollar basis. This primarily reflects a seasonal decrease in our crop reserves, favorable prior period reserve development in the quarter, and the amortization of the fair value liability adjustment established in purchase accounting. After adjusting for these items, net loss reserves increased by $319 million. The paid to incurred ratio in the quarter was 91% after adjusting for the items noted above. We had positive prior period development of $231 million pretax or $155 million after tax. This included $41 million pretax of adverse development related to the change in the Ogden discount rate in the UK, which impacted our casualty related exposures.  We also had favorable development of $79 million related to the 2016 crop year loss estimates. The remaining favorable development was split evenly between short-tail and long-tail lines with the long-tail coming from accident years 2013 and prior. Our catastrophe losses in the quarter were $206 million or $164 million after tax compared to $258 million or $204 million after tax in the prior year. Catastrophe losses this quarter were primarily from North America weather events and Cyclone Debbie in Australia. During the quarter, P&C premium growth was negatively impacted by incremental merger-related underwriting actions and additional reinsurance of $187 million, impacting growth by 3%. In addition, the alignment of accounting policies related to the timing of recognizing premiums in 2016 for certain of Chubb Corp's foreign subsidiaries adversely impacted the quarter by an additional $73 million or 1.1%. When considering these items, P&C premium growth was 2.2%. As Evan mentioned, our integration efforts are either on track or ahead of schedule. Total incremental integration-related savings realized in the quarter were $124 million, leading to total cumulative realized savings of $449 million. On an annualized run rate basis, savings through March are $710 million. The operating income tax rate for the quarter is 14%, which is below our expected range of 16% to 18%, primarily due to a tax benefit related to our employee benefit programs, including the required adoption of new accounting guidance on stock compensation. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll have our first question from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning and thank you. First question on the cost savings side, does it contribute two points to your P&C combined ratio, I just wondered, do you see potential upside to the $800 million target and how much of that will flow through bottom line versus reinvestment?
Evan G. Greenberg: Upside to the $800 million. We are right now ahead of schedule in our realization of the $800 million on both an annualized and realized basis. We're thoughtfully reviewing where we are. And we will update our views about expense savings we will realize, both annualized and realized, at the end of the second quarter when we do the second quarter call. At that time, I expect we will upsize the $800 million. But beyond that, I'm not going to give you any guidance.
Kai Pan: And how much would that flow through to the bottom line?
Evan G. Greenberg: We're not, you know what, Kai, we're not going there. A substantial portion will flow through the bottom line. It's offset by natural rises in our operating expenses. We're a very efficient company. As you've noticed over the years, we control expenses well, but you still have natural inflation and expense. Then we have investments we're making in the company, technology in particular, though I note that it seems that there is a misunderstanding about how that works. Those are capitalized expenses. You have a timing question. And we hardly -- like anybody, we hardly lay out a model of here's how our -- here's the detail of how our expenses look. So you'll figure that for yourself.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. My follow-up question is, if we step back, look at your earning growth potential, we see your combined ratio is very good and already very good and premium gross profit is limited given the pricing environment and buyback could help EPS a little bit, probably a couple of points. What do you see could drive the EPS higher from here? And what do you see as a sort of earnings power for this franchise?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I'm quite bullish about the earning power for the franchise. Margins, as you saw this quarter, are -- the loss ratios naturally rise as you're in a pricing environment that is soft and you have loss cost inflation. And that's ameliorated for us by both portfolio management, choices we can make in terms of where we grow our business, because we have far greater optionality in that regard, which helps to mix loss ratio. And then as you know, we have substantial expense improvements that help margins.  Secondly, the organization did grow. The underlying -- when you account for the underwriting noise due to the merger and the accounting, underneath it all, we did grow. And that growth was pretty broad-based. And in spite of the world we see, I see momentum. And our -- what we can do internally, the part we control, I see that part only improving and momentum building as time goes on, particularly in that middle market and small commercial business and pockets around the world. Our A&H business and our large account business, which had frankly quite good growth. If you look at our risk management business this quarter, it stood out because of flight to quality and capability and stability that Chubb presents that frankly is a standout. And so -- and then you look at our Personal Lines business that actually showed underlying growth in the quarter. I am quite bullish overtime about our capability to produce wealth creation.
Kai Pan: Great, well thank you so much for all the answers.
Evan G. Greenberg: You are welcome. 
Operator: Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. I first had a question, the cat losses screened pretty low this quarter just given the size of the industry losses that we saw in the U.S. So I was wondering if you can comment just on your exposure and did the rate of reinsurance that you guys purchased last year, did that help to alleviate some of the cat losses in the quarter? And so when we think about Chubb, is your kind of quarterly cat loss load lower now than it would have been for each of the legacy companies?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, the additional reinsurance that we have purchased really didn't have an impact on ameliorating cat loss in the quarter. We set our appetite on cat losses as a percentage of capital in particular. And frankly, the cat losses in the quarter, it's geographic, it's where they hit. And they happened to hit where we had less concentration.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then can you provide, I mean your opening commentary, you spoke about higher inflation for the industry. Can you give a little bit more color by line, where you're seeing greater inflation? And what prior periods would you potentially compare the inflationary levels we're seeing today within the property and casualty industry?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, I'm not going to go on that part. But look, you can see it pretty simply, you see it. Anything with wheels on it has inflation. That doesn't take a genius. And on Professional Lines, I would call out in particular, where D&O is experiencing more inflation and you're seeing it in security class action, in particular merger-related objection, in particular employment practices liability, in particular there is inflation. And you don't just see it in the United States. You see it on other geographies around the world, such as Australia, such as security class action beginning in Europe and the UK. You're seeing more of that. So those are two examples for you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then just, Phil, on the Ogden charge in the quarter, did that hit both overseas gen and reinsurance?
Philip Bancroft: There was about $8 million in reinsurance and the remainder was in COG.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then do you have a share repurchase update as of quarter-to-date?
Philip Bancroft: Year-to-date, as of yesterday, was $200 million.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much. 
Philip Bancroft: You are welcome. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Gelb, Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thanks very much. Evan, I had a couple follow-ups with regard to your annual letter. In 2017...
Evan G. Greenberg: You read it, did you?
Jay Gelb: With great interest. In 2017, I think I believe you said we should expect growth from Chubb in constant dollars, even while taking into account the soft market conditions. I know you touched on in your prepared remarks, but if there's any other insight you could add on that, that would be helpful? Thank you. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I said to you that in the last earnings call, I believe that, look, first quarter would look to a degree like fourth quarter, you'd begin to see the amelioration of some of the underwriting actions we took, etcetera. And that minus 1.9% or 2% was less than you saw in prior quarters. Secondly, the normalized for all that, and I hate as if and I hate noise, you want it just as published. And we're getting there. But the underlying of 2% growth is an improvement. And it's pretty broad-based to me. When I look at it by region, I look at the P&C business broken down between its various segments, between its various lines of business. And I see a building momentum in that regard, but offset by what you have to do in underwriting to maintain margins.  I'm not looking for this company to be publishing mid-90s combined ratios. And that means on various portfolios, as pricing or terms reach a point, you have to be disciplined and trade growth for underwriting discipline. I think that we're showing great restraint and great discipline in that regard of underwriting and at the same time, getting more and more after the growth opportunities that you put them all together and that you can produce combined ratios like that and grow on the underlying at 2% or greater. That's a pretty good trick to me. And I expect, as I say, in certain areas where we really see opportunity for that to continue to build momentum.
Jay Gelb: That's helpful. The other area of the letter that really caught people's attention was the unfavorable comment on the insurance brokers, can you give us some insight there in terms of what issues you see as most problematic?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, you made me win -- I won the bet because of your question. I knew, I believed this question was going to come up. Look, I want to put a little context around this, and then I want to just expand on my comments. And this is hardly some cause celeb for me. It was one comment out of a letter that commented on many things in the industry and beyond the industry.  Chubb is an agency and a brokerage company. We are not a direct writer. This is our chosen form of distribution. Now one of the reasons, one of the main reasons I am a firm believer that brokers and agents, intermediaries, provide a necessary role in the selection and market-making function in our business. And if they didn't, then frankly there wouldn't be a -- there wouldn't, long term be a place for them. In a market-based economy, if you don't really have a role that's necessary, you soon disappear. I believe it is a vital role in our business. And agents and brokers are our partners.  In brokerage, it's more ambivalent. It's by the nature of brokerage. They represent a client. In agency, they truly are an extension of us, they represent us, and they are our partners. My comments came about because I've been in this industry for over 40 years. I care about this industry and I care about its long-term health. I was referring in particular to the facilitization of business that I see, predominantly that we see, predominantly but not exclusively in the wholesale markets. And I think some of that behavior has gone beyond what is reasonable.  How does it look? The broker, particularly in the wholesale area, will box up, will collect the class of business for efficiency's sake into one portfolio. Business that was placed at one -- as one-off risks, particularly smaller and midsized risks, but not exclusively. It could be just simply a class of business. But they bring it all into one place and so there's a lot of volume. And so in the first instance, it's spoken of as efficiency. But that volume is used to attract underwriters, who no one comes with clean hands, who for the sake of volume will do things to pricing and terms and conditions that aren't that prudent, that aren't sustainable, and that they otherwise wouldn't do when its one-off risk placed.  And then for the sake of efficiency, it is more efficient for the broker to place it this way, more efficient for the underwriter, in some cases, to receive it this way, but not in all cases. Compensation goes up. Price goes down, compensation goes up, what's the logic of that? And frankly, in this world today, a digital world where there is greater efficiency and greater transparency, what industry or business do we know about where prices are going down but intermediary percentage of the dollar of what's being placed goes up. And that's what's occurring in the facilitization of the business. I don't think it's advisable. I don't think it's in the long-term interest or even the medium-term interest of our business, of our industry. I don't think it's sustainable. And I say it because I care about the industry. And I think like every other industry, those who are knowledgeable of markets, who are knowledgeable of how to use technology in markets, they will notice this, and change will come, without a doubt in my mind.
Jay Gelb: Thank you for that and if I could just focus on one separate issue, given your position in the industry, given the media speculation on the CEO transition that looks like it's forthcoming at AIG, any perspective you'd like to provide on that?
Evan G. Greenberg: No. I wish them well. I'd like to see a healthy AIG. And I can guarantee you Chubb's ability to thrive and to execute our strategy is hardly based around a competitor stumbling or not thriving. And I'd like to see a healthy company. So I wish them well in their selection.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Yes, a couple of numbers questions. So I believe you said there was an accounting adjustment on the premiums of $73 million, I guess it was a negative, does that continue going forward or was that a one quarter issue?
Philip Bancroft: It looks like it will also recur in the fourth quarter in the neighborhood of $50 million. But then second and third quarters are immaterial impacts.
Jay Cohen: Okay. And then beyond this year, there's no impact?
Philip Bancroft: No, that's correct. It'll all be over this year.
Jay Cohen: That's helpful. And then secondly, on the administrative expenses in both U.S. personal and U.S. commercial, that number dropped quite a bit from where it had been running for the past couple of quarters. And obviously, you're recognizing some synergies, but it was a pretty notable drop off. I understand that there was a pension benefit essentially versus a year ago and I'm wondering if you could break that out, I want to see how much the number came down beyond just the pension change?
Philip Bancroft: The expense savings, the incremental expense savings over the first quarter of last year was $124 million. The pension change was not included in that number. That's an additional $28 million that's been allocated to the units.
Jay Cohen: And that's mostly in the U.S.?
Philip Bancroft: It is mostly in the U.S. but it's spread amongst the units. Actually no, the pension change was all in the U.S., sorry.
Jay Cohen: All U.S. okay, that is helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: And next, Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: Hi, good morning, thanks for the call. We're past the -- you are past the deal with between ACE and Chubb and we have an ongoing soft market. What does that mean from a capital management perspective, would we see continued higher dividends and perhaps more stock repurchases as the benefits of the deal come through?
Philip Bancroft: We've said we have an authorization of $1 billion for this year, and we have no plans beyond that.
Evan G. Greenberg: No change to our playbook. 
Paul Newsome: Steady as she goes, okay.
Evan G. Greenberg: That is right, there is -- Paul maybe to go a step further. There was no surprise to us in the landscape you just painted. There has hasn't been a change to us. It's a year since the merger, going well. The market is soft, the market was soft, the market is soft. That's exactly within our expectation. And so actually, there is no change in what we see internally and expected of ourselves. And there is no change from what we expected to the external environment.
Paul Newsome: That's great. And what about the M&A outlook at this point? Again, through a good chunk of the merger integration, do you think -- should we expect to see you more active in the market?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I'm not comment -- I'm not going there. I'm not commenting on -- we have plenty to do in not only completing integration, but in unlocking the power and potential we see of this organization. And if we never do another deal, the value creation potential we have in our hands is enormous, simply enormous. And from both the product, geographic, customer perspective, God, don't lose sight. This is P&C industry is, what, about $2.5 trillion a year of business. We write about 1.5% of it, almost a rounding of it. And we have, what, something like 10 countries that we do over $400 million a year in, a hardly excessive market penetration. And the opportunities, when you put together the capabilities and knowledge of both organizations is simply stunning. And the only thing that stands in the way is you got to maintain or you got to balance it with underwriting discipline when people are doing dumb stuff. So over any period of time I look at this organization, we're going to win and we're going to outperform. And there are going to be moments in every micro market and in every product area where there's, because the world doesn't move in lockstep, where we're going to be able to just zip ahead. So in that regard, forget about M&A, stay tuned.
Paul Newsome: Fantastic, I will stay tuned. 
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Meredith, UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, a couple of quick questions for you. First one, I'm just curious on the homeowner's business, how much of the growth that you're seeing right now is rate versus unit volume growth? Because I know you've been taking potential price increases on the Fireman's Fund business.
Evan G. Greenberg: So we told you -- in my commentary, I told you 6.5% growth normalized and that there was three points and two points between rate and trend. So rate and trend was about 5% together, and overall, we're up 6.5%.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Just unit growth, great.
Evan G. Greenberg: Hold on, Paul Krump is going to expand on that.
Paul J. Krump: Yes, hi Brian, it's Paul. Just a couple of thoughts there. Just wanted to note that the first quarter growth was a little bit higher than the previous run rates because there were some timing issues related to the integration and some of the impacts from ending the Fireman's Fund conversion. So, I think that the run rate is really long term I think, right now, we're seeing around 3%, 4%.
Brian Meredith: Got you, great. And then, Phil, just quickly back on the administrative expenses, just to follow-up on Jay's question. So the pension's all going through the admin line right now, but still a pretty substantial decline on the year-over-year basis. Was there any shifts with respect to kind of reallocation of kind of expenses this year versus last year versus loss in administrative expenses?
Philip Bancroft: It was. There was. There's about $24 million that moved from administrative expenses to ULE of our loss costs. That was just an attempt to make the policies consistent between Chubb Corp. and Legacy ACE.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you. 
Operator: Ian Gutterman, Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: I guess I was hoping you guys could expand a little bit on the comments on incipient loss cost inflation and just what drivers you're seeing in the environment. And I guess if I throw out a few, maybe to prompt a response, is this the delayed impact of more liberal judges appointed, is it the populism we've seen across the country showing up in the jury box, or is it something more close to home and to the industry meaning to say, terms and conditions have deteriorated and things that wouldn't have prompted a lawsuit, now that plans bar sees a hole they can drive through and takes you to court?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, I'll come to that. Let me go a step further beyond Professional Lines and commercial auto. We regularly look at portfolios and it happened just last week, a group of us spent many hours doing the deep dive with our casualty folks from around the world, going through all casualty portfolios and giving updates on what we see in pricing and trend. And our updated look at trend right now, it's a -- the casualty-related trend primarily is running around 4%. And so you'll say, well, that's not 5%. And we see the same thing in comp, by the way. And so that's not 0%. And that's my point. While it's still a little tamer than what we had seen historically in the past, you take 4% that goes year-over-year-over-year-over-year and you got prices that are flat or down, well, do the math of what happens to loss ratio and what you do with risk selection, et cetera, and portfolio management or terms to alleviate, that plus expense are your anecdotes. But other than that, it does grind. When it comes to Professional Lines in your question, it is about the external environment and I'll ask maybe John Keogh and John Lupica, who both grew up in the business, to speak, maybe give you a few comments. But I would tell you this. It's not that we're seeing populism. Remember this doesn't happen on a dime or appointments of judges recently. Appointment of judges, that has occurred for the last 8 years. You've stacked a more liberal court, on one hand. But what we're also seeing is a change in the plaintiff bar environment. There are more plaintiff bar law firms, more boutique law firms who are like ambulance chasers and out to make a buck. And it's attacks on society, by the way, it's attacks on corporations and it's a problem where anything that represents any kind of bad news, that is natural exposure to any kind of business, and by the way, this is not restricted to one industry like health care or I read some of that and that's just not right. It's very broad-based. And there's not a merger that goes down where there isn't a lawsuit filed on both sides. You paid too much, you paid too little. And do these get settled? They get settled to reduce its money, but it's still money and it increases the frequency. And then security class actions around absolutely everything. And then employment practices liability, as an example, has found its way into higher-paying jobs, when it seems as part of layoffs today that, okay, another retirement benefit you get or another benefit you get is a payment from an EPS. That's the kind -- that's just what's going on. Now I'll ask my colleagues if they want to answer that.
John Keogh: As you see, this is John Keogh. As usual, Evan, I mean, you've kind of covered all. I would, just for color, make the point that when I was deep into the D&O business 15 years ago, there were a handful...
Evan G. Greenberg: Did you say 50 years ago?
John Keogh: 15, not that bad. Feels like 50 though. 15 years ago, there were a handful of plaintiff firms that drove all the litigation, at least here in North America. Today, when you look at the list of plaintiff firms, and most of them are led by people who worked at those handful of firms who've gone out on their own, there are dozens firms today, all of whom are going to work every day with the ambition to make money and find ways to create new theories of litigation, new theories of liability against corporate America. And I think that is a fundamental change in the business that they we're witnessing in terms of the frequency of claims in the D&O business that is not, in my mind, a temporary change. It's a secular change. This is going to be with us and probably there's a dozen more firms in the next 5 years, that wouldn't surprise me, that are making a living doing this. And then outside the U.S., in Australia and UK, they see what goes on here, the lawyers. They see an opportunity. And the thing I would add that Evan did not mention is litigation funding, right? Whether it's here in the U.S. or in UK or in the Australia. Right, there are funds, right, that are attracting some serious money to fund the litigation in the D&O world, which obviously creates more both frequency and severity in this business than we've seen before.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And if I could sort of tie that in...
Evan G. Greenberg: John Lupica says we've wrung it dry.
John Lupica: I think you guys got it.
Ian Gutterman: Just to tie that in, Evan, with your comments in the press release about the softening market. And when I think about a sort of true soft market bottom, I guess, I think more than just price, I think about terms getting worse and winning business through that. I mean, we've seen, obviously, maybe one example is a program business where a lot of people are starting to get burned and I kind of wonder if that's terms and selection. And the other is reserves, right? And just when I look at reserves, you see across most liability classes and Professional Lines a lot less IBNR than you would have seen three years ago, five years ago. Do you look at those type of signs and say, boy, it's really -- maybe it's not 1999, but it's the seventh inning or the eighth inning and all the same things are repeating and it's more than just price or is it really just we're still in that pricing stage and the rest of it doesn't worry you as much yet?
Evan G. Greenberg: Ian, I have been saying for five or six quarters or more now that I've mentioned terms and conditions softening. And I have mentioned the insidious nature of that, because there's a lag before you feel the claim effect from that, that impacts both frequency and severity. We see it beginning to show up in claims around the industry. We see claims that wouldn't have been covered by wordings in the past that all of the sudden become claims now because the wordings have been broadened and we can see that in both short tail physical lines and we see it in various casualty-related classes. I think the impact of that is more in front of us, but the notion, when I say soft market, I am not simply at price, I am right on term and condition. Remember, what we do for our living is manage exposure and that's how we think about it. So wording and coverage, that's part of what drives your view of exposure. Then you're putting pricing against that.
Ian Gutterman: Very helpful, thank you, I appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Larry Greenberg, Janney.
Larry Greenberg: Not much left to cover but I'm curious, Evan, with regard to corporate tax reform. If you could talk just specifically, what impact do you think that might have on the industry and, more specifically, whether or not that could really impact insurance demand?
Evan G. Greenberg: Larry, first of all, tell me what tax reform I'm commenting on, because I don't know. So I just say that so that we just keep this in perspective. I cannot...
Larry Greenberg: Yes, I would just say lower tax rates.
Evan G. Greenberg: I understand the general question. I can't respond with specificity, but I'd say this. We are -- we have needed tax reform for so many years, and American business requires tax reform. And if we do major tax reform, i.e. if we move to a territorial system and we lower the rates, even if we lower the rates to 25%, 20%, it's going to have a major stimulus -- and it's done the right way, it can have a major stimulative impact on our economy, not simply the cash that comes home, but the eagerness to invest. And growth, we insure growth and exposure. The faster the economy grows, the better it is for the insurance business, because exposure grows.
Larry Greenberg: Okay, good enough, thank you. 
Operator: Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. 0Evan, I want to jump off that recent comment. Are you seeing signs yet of more new business in the U.S. from economic growth?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, not really. I don't -- I think there was a -- animal spirits were obviously awakened by the policy direction of the new administration. Policy direction that I personally endorse when it comes to deregulation of business, less regulation. God, get government out of our way. When it comes to tax reform, when it comes to infrastructure, it will simply have a multiplier impact on our ability to grow efficiently the productivity in the economy. Those are great things. I think that the reality that is setting in is that stating policy and implementing policy are two different things. And it will take time to implement policy. And at the same time, I personally, and I know many were cautious about the stance we're going to take regarding trade because that can have, depending on the stance we take and the approach we take as a country, that can have a negative impact on economic growth. And I think, right now it is always natural. The moment of euphoria is passing. And I think we're at a moment where there is a sense of realism. So therefore, I am not really seeing a pickup in economic activity that -- a trend change that is impacting our business.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thanks. And Phil, quick question, the $73 million accounting adjustment to premiums, did that have any impact on net or operating income in the quarter?
Philip Bancroft: Very little.
Meyer Shields: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ryan Tunis, Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks. So, I just had a follow-up, I guess, just thinking about expenses. And I guess, thematically, and you can correct me if I'm wrong here, Evan, but is it right to think about the integration process' job is. Year one was about making the cost base more efficient and then years two and three perhaps is investing to position the enterprise for future growth? And then I think...
Evan G. Greenberg: No.
Ryan Tunis: That's not the right assessment? Okay. So I'd be interested...
Evan G. Greenberg: No, absolutely not. The expense efficiencies that we're gaining from integration, synergies and all of that, that -- we told you how that plays out between -- we gave you a schedule and showed you how that plays out between 2016, 2017 and 2018. And that is on track or ahead of schedule. What I said to you was, on this call is, that may get -- that we're looking at that right now. We could very well upsize that and we'll talk to you about it in the second quarter.  So no, it's not like you put it in these neat packets. The investments we're making, we began making them -- ACE was making investments all along and Chubb, in some ways, was starved for investments. And we're making in -- we began and I was very clear about it. And I was clear about it to you on calls, and I was clear about it in the shareholder letter. And that is that we have been making investments and continue to make investments in expanding product, in digitizing the company and in putting in place foundational technologies that will give us greater flexibility to move in many directions, including lower cost. So no, it all goes on at once. That's more how a corporation works.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, understood. So in the letter, the comments about the investments and digitalization was not really referencing an acceleration of investment, just an ongoing part of an investment cycle.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, except that, God, a much bigger company now with more opportunities to invest in and, as I said, some who were starved for investment. So we are upsizing investment, but at the same time, given all the efficiencies we gain, we have tremendous flexibility to ameliorate margin pressure, and at the same time, invest for our competitive profile and grow this company in a competitive, sustainable way for the future, which that is our job for shareholders.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, understood. And then just a quick follow-up for Phil. Could you give us an update on the revenue synergies produced as of the end of the quarter? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg: The revenue synergies, Phil. Is that 111 million?
Philip Bancroft: Globally.
Evan G. Greenberg: 111 million globally in the quarter.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. We have time for one more person to ask question. That comes from Sarah DeWitt, JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: Great, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered, but just one follow-up on your comments on Professional Lines inflation. To what extent are you concerned about the potential for inflation with no pricing power? Or do you think the industry could get pricing power if higher inflation emerged?
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't really understand that question, with all due respect. The industry, it's -- we have free will. Lincoln freed us all. And so we have free will and we can react to exposure changes as we see it.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. So you don't see excess capacity and competitive pressures as preventing pricing power to offset that inflation?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, those are all factors that -- it's a marketplace. Each will determine for themselves. Ultimately, we all exist in the same world. We're all going to ultimately have the same experience. And some will play it in an intelligent way like a marketplace and some will be a little less intelligent. And I will say, what I am confident about is we have the capacity, we got the paper, we have the balance sheet, we have the data, we have the knowledge, we have the global reach, we have the claims capability and the insight in this business that is unrivaled. And so our ability to manage this business and to be attractive to customers that want Chubb. Well, that's an asset and we'll taken advantage and protect our asset.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Paul Krump - EVP of Chubb Group and President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance John Lupica - Vice Chairman of ACE Limited and ACE Group.
Analysts: Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Chubb Limited Fourth Quarter Year End 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the conference over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. And welcome to our December 31, 2016 fourth quarter year-end earnings conference call. Our report will contain forward-looking statements, including statements related to company performance, investment income expectations, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions and integration of our acquisition of the Chubb Corporation and potential synergies and benefits we may realize. All of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actually, results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. We will also refer today to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our earnings release and financial supplement, which are available at investors.chubb.com. Now I would like to introduce your speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Chubb had a very good quarter that contributed to an excellent year, in both financial and non-financial results. We set big agenda for ourselves and accomplished most all of what we set out to achieve. Financially, we produced record annual operating earnings per share, world-class combined ratios, strong book and tangible book value growth and a good operating ROE. We accomplished these results despite elevated catastrophe losses and soft P&C market conditions globally. Operationally, we completed the largest merger in insurance history and managed a transformational companywide global integration effort all while staying focused on our core business of underwriting and servicing customers and distribution partners, retaining our commercial and personal lines customers at or above all time high. We launch new products, and entirely new businesses, made investments in our people, technologies and capabilities, began to harness the complementary strengths of the organization, cross selling and other revenue initiatives. We achieved or exceeded substantially all of the financial and non-financial targets we established when we initiated the merger. After-tax operating income for the quarter was 1.3 billion or 2.72 per share, compared to 2.38 per share up over 14%. For the year, net operating income was over 4.7 billion or $10.12 per share, up about 3.5% and illustrating the accretive nature of the merger. Earnings in the quarter included one-time 113 million pre-tax benefit related to the harmonization of our U.S. retirement programs. Phil will have more to say about the retirement program changes and both one-time and ongoing income benefits they will produce. As a reminder, when discussing our underwriting results and premium growth, I will compare our results to the 15 year as if we were one company back then and excluding the effects of purchase accounting from the 16 year underwriting results. That is how I look at it and I think that gives you the clearest view of operations. Our combined ratios for the quarter and year were simply excellent. Beginning with the quarter, the P&C combined ratio was 87.6%. That compares to an 87.3% last year as if we were one company back then. Included in that combined ratio were about 100 million more of Cat losses and slightly less positive prior period reserve development than prior year. Therefore, the P&C current accident year combined ratio excluding Cat losses was outstanding at 87.1% versus 88.6% prior year. Driven by both our core global P&C business, which produced very good results and our crop insurance business, which had a simply outstanding quarter due to a very strong crop underwriting year. Crop insurance underwriting income in the quarter was up 128 million over prior year quarter. The current accident year also benefited from reduce expense ratio about half a point. For the year, powered by 3.2 billion underwriting income, the combine ratio was 88%, compared to 87.5% last year and that’s with about 211 million more in Cat losses and pretty flat year-on-year prior period reserve development, which again speaks to the quality and underlying strength of our underwriting product portfolio construction. Net investment income for the quarter was 845 million, which was above the top of the guidance we gave you last quarter. For the year, net investment income was 3.3 billion about equal to underwriting income and an excellent result given the interest rate environment, which was at historic lows for most of the year until the sudden rise following the election. In the quarter, I was encourage by what I hope is the beginning of the shift towards a greater fiscal related stimulus policy in the U.S. including tax reform, reduced business regulation and increased infrastructure investment in place of an over-reliance on monitory policy, which in my judgment has more than run its course. However, given continued overreliance on cheap money and excessive liquidity in Europe and Japan in particular coupled with lack luster global economic growth, the world is not coordinated. And one impact of that is a stronger dollar. Chubb's strong earnings lead to a very good operating ROE of 11% for the quarter and 10.5% for the year. Keep in mind, every 100 basis points of investment portfolio yield for Chubb is equal to approximately 175 basis points of ROE. Book and tangible book value growth in the quarter was negatively impacted by the sharp rise in interest rates and to a lesser extent the dollar. There were a number of offsetting positive items that all together met net book and tangible book were relatively flat a very good result. For the year, book value per share increased about 15.5% and tangible book value per share decreased 16% both as a result of the merger. However, it is worth noting that from the merger closing on January 14 to year-end, book value per share increased 7.5% and tangible book value per share increased over 13%. We are ahead of where we expected to be in both per share and tangible book value growth with the later now down 16% versus an initial 29% at the time of the merger closing and on-track to hit pre-transaction levels in three and a quarter years. For those who like to micro analyze, it was three and quarter when we announced the merger in July of 2015 and we lost three months due to the dramatic rise in interest rates in the fourth quarter and its mark-to-market impact on book value. However, by the end of the quarter and now we are back to where we started. Phil will have more to say about investment income, change to VA portfolio, tangible book value prior period reserve development and Cat. For the quarter, premium revenue was in-line with what we experienced during the year. In fact, a little bit better. The same themes prevail, strong retentions of business, less new business due to market conditions, modestly more new business due to cross-selling and the strength of the organization and a revenue penalty due in large part to merger related underwriting actions including the purchase of additional reinsurance. The impact from this last item will ameliorate as we move through 2017. For the year, P&C net premiums and global P&C net premiums, which exclude agriculture were both down 1% in constant dollars, excluding merger related underwriting actions. For the quarter, P&C net premiums on the same basis were essentially flat while global P&C net premiums were up over 1%. The commercial P&C insurance market globally is soft and conditions vary depending on the territory, line of business and size of risk. Rates are generally flat or declining depending on class of business, size of customer and territory. Terms of conditions have been softening a bit in a number of classes. On the other hand, there are a few stress classes here and there where we are achieving rates. As noted in prior quarters, large account business particularly shared and layered is more competitive than midsize. Though middle market is becoming more competitive, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. As companies stress about growth and reach more aggressively. Wholesale is again more competitive than retail. Certain markets are notably more competitive than others. London, Bermuda, Australia and Brazil by example are particularly competitive, while in the U.S. and Continental Europe competition is a little less ferocious and a bit more orderly, but softening nonetheless. Claims inflation has been lower than historical averages in recent years, but hardly non-existed. And as pricing hasn’t kept pace, industry combined ratios are coming under pressure. At the same time, as you have noticed loss cost inflation has increased in certain classes professional lines and automobile in the U.S. come to mind. As I mentioned earlier, natural catastrophe losses were up last year, it was the sixth costliest year on record for Cat, but not enough the impact the oversupply of industry capital. The industry capital base continues to expand from a combination of retained earnings and new investors. So globally, new business remains harder to come by. It is a hungry market and competition is fierce for new business. On the other hand, speaking for our company, our total capabilities in terms of product, ability to serve different insurance customers, our deep distribution strength and extensive geographic reach means our optionality or ability to capitalize on opportunity is simply outstanding and we are just getting started. Rate movement for the business we wrote in the quarter varied by territory and market segments. Renewal pricing overall range from flat and our U.S. middle market business to down 2% in both our U.S. major accounts and international retail commercial P&C businesses. In North America, retail general and specialty casualty-related pricing range from flat to down 1.5%. Financial lines pricing range from flat to down 2% and property related pricing range from down 1.5% to down 5%. Internationally, general and specialty casualty-related pricing range from up 3% to down 3%. Financial lines pricing range from flat to down 3% and property related pricing range from down 1% to down 5%. Now, with that as context, let me give you some detail on our revenue results for the quarter. In our North America commercial P&C business, net premiums were down about 5%. Normalizing for the impact of the additional reinsurance, we purchased and for the underwriting actions we took, net premiums were down 2.5%. The renewal retention rate as measured by premium was quite good at over 89% with middle market at 88% and major accounts at 92%. Overall, new business writings for North America commercial lines were down about 8%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written were down almost 5%. The additional reinsurance we purchased had a 6.5 point impact, and the Fireman’s Fund had about a 0.5 point impact. Therefore, growth was 2.2% for the combined Chubb and ACE portfolios. Rates were up two exposure changes added about 3.5. Retention remained quite strong for the Chubb and ACE portfolios at about 95%. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, net premiums written for our international retail P&C business were up five in the quarter in constant dollar and up over 7.5 when normalized through the additional reinsurance and underwriting actions. However, it is worth noting that we benefited in our international business from a $48 million one-time premium increase that will not repeat. Growth in international was lead by Latin America with net premiums up over 10, followed by the continent of Europe, Asia and the UK with growth of 7.5, 6.5 and 2.5 respectively. In our London market, based CNS business premiums were flat. As I said earlier, our agriculture business had a great year, highlighted by a combined ratio of about 74%. This is a Cat like business and therefore it has certain volatility to it by its nature. Its weather exposed, with weather impacting crop yields and commodity prices. We have experienced both sides of volatility, years with great growing seasons and others with drought. This has been and continues to be a good business for Chubb. In sum, while market conditions globally are competitive I expect as we progress through 2017 and the impact of the merger continues to fade and the compelling power and capabilities of the organization gain more momentum matched against the long list of opportunities in front of us, we will produce faster growth. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter including current market conditions and pricing trends. I want to say a few words about integration. Among the noteworthy accomplishments of last year, was the integration of two large companies realizing substantial efficiencies while remaining outward facing and managing and growing our business in all aspects. While more work remains, a substantial portion of the heavy lifting is moving behind us and we'll continue as 2017 progresses. From underwriting to claims, to real-estate and IT, to finance and HR, our operational integration has been detailed and all encompassing and we are ahead of schedule in all areas. As for cultural integration, there is a strong sense of unity in placing growing in the company. Through shared experience small and large, they are knitting ourselves together and breeding familiarity. And that in time creates trust, loyalty, friendship and a one team spirit. We don't overly talk about and contemplate our culture, except to the extent we all need to be on the same page with clarity and comfort. Instead, we prefer to simply live our culture. In terms of financial measures while early days at the end of one year we are on-track or ahead of the objectives underpinning the merger. These include expense savings, operating EPS, ROE and as I noted earlier per share book and tangible book value. Where we said the merger would be immediately accretive to earnings and book value per share, we are ahead of our own internal projections. As well as what we would likely have been on our plans as a standalone ACE Limited company. Broadly speaking, we are in a time of uncertainty, economically and geopolitically. On the one hand, the world is a tense place, marked by growing nationalism and populism that are feeding protection as sentiment. This is a global phenomenon. I might add, while early days I am concerned about our own country’s potential trade and security posture. On the other hand, in the U.S., the monetary and fiscal changes afoot around tax, regulation of business, infrastructure and higher interest rates are real positive for business, jobs and the economy if implemented in a way that doesn’t exacerbate budget deficits. Finally, we are a country of immigrants; our country’s openness to immigration is fundamental to our identity and history as a nation and vital to our future prosperity. I am 100% for the security of citizens, but at the same time America is the land of the free and we are beacon in place of refuge that those seeking a better and safer life to themselves and their families. Shutting our doors to immigration is a mistake. Despite or challenging environment, Chubb is a company built to outperform, I have never been more confident in our people and capabilities and I am optimistic and simply energized when I think about our company’s future both 2017 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil, and then I’ll be back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thanks Evan. We have come to our first year of the merger with excellent and stable ratings, a strong balance sheet and substantial of capital generating capabilities. Our operating cash flow was 1.5 billion for the quarter and 5.3 billion for the year. In the quarter, investment income was 845 million, which was higher than our previously expected range of 820 million to 830 million, 8 million was due to a one-time positive merger related adjustments. We also had increased call activity on our corporate bond portfolio and we are benefiting from the changes we have made to the management of our portfolio. Where there are always a number of factors that impact the variability and investment income, we are raising our expectation for our quarterly investment income run rate to range of 830 million to 840 million. Net realized and unrealized losses after tax for the quarter were 1 billion comprising a 1.3 billion loss from our investment portfolio, primarily from rising interest rates and a foreign currency loss of 300 million. These were partially offset by 275 million gains from our VA reinsurance portfolio also from rising interest rates and 350 million favorable adjusted related to our retiree plans. Net loss reserves decrease 687 million for the quarter on a constant dollar basis. This reflects the favorable impact of the agriculture book of 339 million. Favorable PPD of 238 million and 60 million of amortization of the fair value liability adjustment established in purchase accounting. On an “As If” and constant dollar basis, net loss reserves increased 1.2 billion for the year adjusted for the items discussed above. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 99% for the quarter and 92% for the year both also adjusted for items discussed above. We had positive prior period development of $238 million pre-tax or $208 million after tax with 56% from short-tail lines and 44% from 44% from long-tail lines principally from accident years 2010 and prior. This included $78 million pre-tax of adverse development for legacy asbestoses exposures, which are now included in corporate. Our catastrophe losses in the fourth quarter net of reinsurance were $268 million pre-tax or $222 million after tax. Ag losses included a $190 million from Hurricane Matthew and $60 million from the New Zealand earthquake. During the fourth quarter of 2016, the company harmonized and amended several U.S. retirement programs to create a unified retirement savings program. In 2020, the company will transition a traditional defined benefit pension program that had been in effect for certain employees to define contribution program. Additionally, after 2025 the company plans to eliminate a subsidized U.S. retiree healthcare plan that had been in place for certain employees. The U.S. pension and retiree healthcare plan changes favorably impacted book value by $322 million reflecting a more favorable - decrease in benefit obligations. Net income and operating income were favorably impacted by the one-time $113 million pre-tax benefit related to the harmonization of the U.S. pension plans. This item is excluded from the P&C combined ratio. On an annualized basis, the company expects to continue to recognize a benefit of $100 million pre-tax or $65 million after tax each year for the next five years relating to the harmonization after which the benefit continues in a range of $50 million to $80 million pre-tax depending on interest rates at the time. Life underwriting income includes the unfavorable impact of an adjustment made to the long-term benefit ratio used in determining operating income associated with the company's variable annuity reinsurance business. During the quarter, the company determined that certain assumptions, primarily long-term interest rates, underlying the long-term benefit ratio should be updated. This adjusted resulted in a pre-tax and after tax operating charge of $17 million. Since we carry the overall GMIB reserves at fair value, this adjustment represents a shift between operating income and realized gains and does not impact book value. The company expects a similar incremental impact to underwriting income and realized gains in future quarters, which will total an approximate $60 million reduction in operating income and a corresponding realized gain in 2017. During the quarter, premium growth was negatively impacted by merger related underwriting actions including additional reinsurance of $206 million bringing the total for the year to $650 million and impacting growth by 2.3%. Our integration efforts are either on-track or ahead of schedule as Evan said. Total integration related savings realized in the quarter and for the year were 123 million and 325 million respectively. Annual run rate savings of 800 million by the end of 2018 are on-track. Total revenue synergies produced in the quarter and for the year were 83 million and 297 million respectively. For some additional color, revenue synergies for the quarter related to our North America retail P&C business represented 14% of our new business. I’ll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Ryan Tunis, Credit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks, good morning. My first question just on the pension. Is the 100 million that you expecting to recognize over the next five years or so additive to the $800 million expense save guide you have given in the past?
Philip Bancroft: Yes, it is. The $800 does not include the incremental benefit from the past.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Understood. And then I guess just going back to Evan’s discussion about the positive impact on ROE from higher interest rates. And just thinking about how to balance, how to think about balancing underwriting returns, ROE and growth, I guess due this next cycle. If you have got higher interest rate, lower tax rates, arguably more competition. I mean should we be more focused ROE is the metrics are pricing around or should we continue to be thinking about kind of underlying combined ratios that are sub-90? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: I think, with the exception of your final comment, I think you should be focused on underwriting combined ratio. And we look at underwriting independent of investment income. We underwrite around here to an acceptable combined ratio. And yes, we do look at senior most levels in terms of capital management; we do look at how much capital each business draws and at certain combined ratio hurdles, what kind of ROE we’ll produce. And that sort of sets to a degree targets that we establish for our businesses that combined ratios we don’t want exceeding. If that helps you.
Ryan Tunis: That’s helpful. Thanks, I’ll get back in the queue.
Operator: Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. I was hoping first to get some, in terms of the potential for corporate tax reform in the U.S.I know Chubb is in a little bit of a different position given your split domicile. But how do you just high level see tax reform impacting Chubb and when you think about the potential for tax reform, do you think it gets competed away, meaning if a company is operating at a higher tax rate, they can potential push for lower prices as they manage their book to a certain ROE?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I’m going to answer your first part first. Anybody who runs a decent business, they don’t run their business based on tax. Tax does not drive how you make your fundamental decisions and how you operate a business. I have worked in more than one company and I have never, that kind of conversation is never entered into how we think about our business. So we think about underwriters, underwriting which is what we do for living and combined ratios, there is hardly does tax ever enter the discussion. As to the first part of your question for our U.S. sourced business, look our U.S. business represents over 60% of our company's business. And our U.S. sourced business has the tax rate in the 20%. Tax reform is important to us and it's important to our country. And as the U.S. economy would improve at my judge over tax reform that would benefit the insurance industry, because that would mean faster economic growth and faster economic growth means more exposure, more exposure means faster growth for insurance. So I am in favor of tax reform. Right now, they are discussing, as you know it's a long way before we have tax reform and we are at very early stages. What Republic and Congress has put on the table so far revolves around border adjustment. How border adjustment will be interpreted for financial services is not yet clear. And in fact to those who are writing tax policy who we are very engaged with it is not clear to them. When it comes to insurance, the question on the table right now revolves around two, reserves, how reserves will be treated, number two in particular, how reinsurance will be treated. In my judgment border adjustment tax, reinsurance is clearly an export of risk. You're exporting risk and you don't know the profit and loss so that risk ahs ultimately been earned through. It is hardly an importing of capital. So I would expect that would be treated in a reasonable way in tax policy and that would be the advantage of the U.S. We are taking the advantage of the world balance sheet where insurance has benefited corporate America and consumer America just greatly over the years.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay thank you. Last quarter on your call, you alluded to some initiatives on the small commercial side. Can you just talk to the receptivity from agents in that business? I know it's still early days, but any kind of takeaways from kind of the fourth quarter and into 2017?
Evan Greenberg: It's very early days. And we'll talk about it a little bit. But I'm measuring this so that at least we stay on would be swear on perspective. I'm measuring this over years given the nature of it. These are relatively small policies and it takes a long time to build something. Paul Krump love to tell the stories. I know he is from the Mid West and I'm going to turn it over to him for a moment.
Paul Krump: Well thank you Evan. Elyse thanks for the question. Small commercial I think we very much on-track but again as Evan said I can't overemphasize. But this is what building this over years, but to your direct question, the receptivity by the agents and brokers has been outstanding. First of all, they love the platter of products that we are bringing into bear. They know and they have seen what we are building for the CSR’s so that it’s easy to do business with us. There are some really strong competitors in this space, but this is a very fragmented marketplace and we are beginning welcomed and it’s just going to take some time to continue to build it.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. And just one last question if I may. As you alluded to Evan in your comments about the prospects for higher inflation. As the industry deals with inflation, I think its some people start to think about potential reserve picks to be tested on some of the longer tail lines. Now that the company has been merged for about, a year and you have gone through both the legacy company reserves. Can we just get high level of view about the condition that you have in the fixed and some of your longer tail lines, as we think about potential inflationary trends picking up from here?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It’s very simple. The last number of years, most recent past inflation has been benign, lost cost inflation has been benign. But both companies have continued to use historic trend factors and we have done that right through our current year in our casualty related lines that’s what matters. And so with that, I think we are comfortable if we return to a higher loss trend.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski, BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning. The first question is on the North America retail, I think Phil mentioned 14% of the new business synergies are from that. Just hoping to get a little bit more clarity on where the synergies are coming from and if that includes the A&H within that synergy line or how you are thinking about that?
Evan Greenberg: Sure it does. Let’s see. Who would like to take this? John.
John Lupica: Sure. I’ll take a crack. So thank you for the question Charles. In terms of that cross-sell coming from all forms of synergies mainly in our specialty lines. The great hallmark of Chubb was in the phenomenal distribution and the agency network, ACE brings a lot of specialty products. So we have been spending the better part of the year making sure that product breadth is getting introduced into that agency of course and into our core customer base. So specialties like environmental, like A&H that we are selling, builders risks, all through the industry verticals, it is driving that cross-sell. In addition, the strength of the organization where we are bringing our core product to a new distribution of course we are measuring that as well. So between growth initiatives, specialties, strength of the organization, we really do see the power of the group coming together.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess on a broader base on product line. Evan, a lot of the rate commentary you gave seem to be that a lot of lines are reasonably managed in a couple of points plus or minus. Are there any lines that give you pause, I have seen some stuff recently that there has been some pullouts of political risk. Is there areas where things are just, maybe needing to take a step back or the market is not where you think it should be rational, reasonable?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Charles sure. There is not lines of business where we need to step back, because we see trouble underwriting. We will see that. We are really on top of it and vigilant about that. We always look for early signs. Obviously, with the merger, there are businesses that weren't meeting our standards that we have cancelled and - some we cancelled put them in run-off and I have spoken about that. Beyond that, I think the message is pretty simple. We don't like a lot of the market pricing for new business. And so we are willing to take the new business penalty. The numbers I gave you were the numbers - the rates and the rate movement was for our renewal portfolio. And we measure relativity of the new business pricing against our renewal rates. And our new business pricing is very similar to our renewal pricing. But to be able to achieve that we have to be willing to write less business, we are seeing more submissions. The first quarter our submission activity was up substantially, but the amount that we will right is down and that reflects the competitive market conditions where we are just simply not going to dumb stuff for growth.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And as just finally, I think at the very beginning Evan you made a comment that you said you have accomplished most of the things that you wanted to with the merger and integration of Chubb. Curious on what may not have gotten to par.
Evan Greenberg: I didn't want to use the word everything, so I thought that would just sound a little arrogant. And we always are vein hopeful about things. When I step back I got it tell you and really look at it. It's always a little crap on the margin, but we have accomplished what we set out to achieve in the year. Our revenue growth was a little less than I wanted it to be, but when look at it, sure in the early part of the year there was market distracts - there was internal distractions emerging, but we expected that. It was the market itself I think just given the nature of competition, we didn't write as much new as I would like to have written. But okay, that's it. Don't worry about it.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: And we lost a handful of people, we wish we hadn't lost. But we planned; we knew we were going to lose people we didn't want to lose. We lost far fewer of those, but still each of them breaks your heart.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. With regard to the comment that growth should improve looking ahead. Does that mean we should expect positive growth in North America commercial and personal lines?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. For 2017 in total, I expect that that’s what we are going to see that’s our objective. And remember there is going to be - so I just give you a little more color. The re-underwriting, the underwriting actions we took due to the merger break into two pieces, business that we cancel and that runoff will have an impact through the year. So that impact will diminish. The additional reinsurance we purchased that will have an impact fundamentally in the first half of the year and should be about gone by the end of the mid-year. And then, we have underlying actions that we already see the power building in our core business or core middle market in our A&H business, specialty casualty areas. I expect in our large account business more of a slight to safety and quality, which we are seeing in our risk management and our multinational business. I expect our industry verticals and the power of that to produce the better result or high net-worth business. The two legacy companies together with the core portfolio will do better. And I expect specialty, personalized, internationally and small middle market around the world to contribute. And A&H I said that I mean that globally.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Evan you just mentioned [FICO] (Ph) safety and quality, there has been a number of large global property casualty insurers facing ongoing turmoil. Can you update us your thoughts in terms of what that means for Chubb?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Chubb is a steady as she goes going from strength-to-strength. Our product offering has never been broader and beyond that our ability to coordinate all of the skills of the organization and bring it to bear for a customers, honest to god it’s never been more compelling. The technology that we have to service the large account business and bring total solution, but manage it through the customer. We are really distinguishing ourselves, our service and our service reputation in both underwriting and claims is a breath of fresh air for most who have experienced some of those companies that are having issues. We have been very predictive going steady for our customers and for those who might be interested in trying us out. That’s what they want. They want predictability and steadiness of both breadth of product offerings, because we offer as broad or broader product offering than any other competitor to our customers from risk management to access casualty to professional lines, to environmental, to their international needs around the world. And very few can do that and we do it in a very steady predictable way, we are not changing year-to-year in our appetite or in how we approach the underwriting of that business. That has just caused us to gain more customers, we continue to first of January was very good for us that way. We are gaining more customers; we are gaining more who are taking a look at us. Particularly as they are more uncomfortable with where they have been. And it's easy to see why they were uncomfortable. Some of those companies appeared to be wrong.
Unidentified Analyst: Interesting. And my final question is on asbestos trends, a number of other large companies with legacy asbestos exposures have had to raise the reserve estimates this year. Chubb didn't, I believe, can you discuss that?
Evan Greenberg: No, no, we have raised our reserve estimates; we did take a charge this quarter. The net amount was about $87 million I believe. $78 million. And that was a net of both branding wide taking a bit higher charge and we put the federal reserves on a life basis. And they had some favorable development. The two of them together produce the 78 million. But we are not seeing importantly a change in trends in asbestos. It was very case specific for us. The one place where we have seen a bit of an increase in cost is in defensive cases. We are defending cases rigorously and the cost of the defending those has been more inflated.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: And we recognize that in our reserves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah DeWitt, JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi good morning. Talk about inflation picking up in an earlier question. But there is a difference between general U.S. inflation and insurance claims inflation. I was wondering if you just talk about your outlook for the factors that drive claims inflation under the new administration and Congress. And if you could also just elaborate on your comment at professional lines claims inflation was picking up.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, professional lines claims inflation is an obvious that everybody can see who book into business its public information. I will come back to it. Look, Congress and the new administration all speculation. I have no idea and you have no idea. Its one thing they have in agenda, but what are you actually going to pass and how long is it going to take to accomplish. And then what will be its impact ultimately well that's pretty far down the road. So we don't speculate and in our lost text, we don't speculate. Insurance inflation is about parts and labor. It's about legal cost, medical expense and that is up to what we called social inflation. And those cost inputs are different than general inflation as I'm sure you know. When it comes to professional lines, there have been more security class action suites, there were number of sources of that. And in particular, and we have noticed that in claims reporting and development. How many of those notices turned on to actual claims and what are the size of those claims. The severity has been fairly constant. It’s been an increase in frequency this year. And we are vigilant about that.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then secondly, if interest rates go up, do you think that benefit get competed away by the market?
Evan Greenberg: You know to a degree. You have always seen that. There are companies who cash flow underwrite and underwrite to total return, they usually are great underwriting companies, I have never noticed that they are. And then good companies remain more disciplined about that and don’t compete it away. So, it’s a chaotic world. You will see all varieties.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. First question Evan you mentioned about the given pricing pressure, the industry combined ratio is under pressure. So if you look at Chubb, actually you are underlying combined ratio has remained largely stable. I was just wondering, can you see your underwriting actions or the more realized expense savings from the merger could overcome the pricing pressure to maintain or improve the margin in the coming years?
Evan Greenberg: What I see is that it will ameliorate a rise in combined ratio. Expense ratio will ameliorate a rise in loss ratio, the merger expense benefits. The underwriting actions we taken and portfolio management and mix of business will also ameliorate loss ratio. But does it eliminate it? No. And overtime, I expect naturally if the market remains as it is and I think the market you see is the market you get. I think it various by line of business et cetera, the dynamics but in total, I expect that it rises. We have certain lines of business like agriculture, like high net-worth, like A&H that really aren’t subject to that at all. You have other businesses like middle market commercial and traditional business that is less impacted by that. So the mix of the portfolio and how we have selected our portfolio and constructed it and the geographies in which we conduct different businesses have a way of ameliorating. But each individual line by itself has this pressure of loss ratio in a market where rate is flat or down and trend continues. And of course, we are of the market. What I am confident about is that we will continue to distinguish ourselves and outperform.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you. And my second question is on the capital management, the Board recently authorized $1 billion programs through 2017. I just wondered when they discussed at this topic, how do you allocate that the size of the buyback relative to your $5 billion annual earnings and relative to your dividends, as well as potential growth and acquisition opportunities?
Evan Greenberg: Well, if you know. First of all, look at earnings on an after tax basis and we have dividend policy that we payout roughly 30% we say it took a 30% in dividends. We then look at opportunity both internal growth and potential external opportunities to grow over a period of time and capital flexibility. And so through that discussion, we determine what a comfortable target is for company need and then what remains is how we determine what to return to shareholders. Then we have a discussion of what is the best for the return to shareholders. Its dividend related, is it one-time dividend or is it share repurchase, and that's how we come to it.
Kai Pan: Okay great. Well thanks so much.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Just I want to get a little clarification Evan you were talking about growth and you talked a little bit about reinsurance changes in the 2016 and the fourth quarter. So do your comments imply that you expect growth on a gross basis than just to step out of the whole reinsurance conversation?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but we also have business and we have been very transparent with you about that. Business portfolios that in the merger when we pull the companies together and went through the business we said there are business portfolios that are not meeting or standards we have talked about some of those and that we cancelled those. Well those when you cancelled them you are eliminating gross as well as net. So you got to keep that in mind.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay got it. And then just quick on the Ag book. So the last couple of years have been below and well below at sort of 80 to 90 range. Just trying to think about that business, and the last couple of years have been both below the range especially the last one 2016 being that. How should we be thinking about whether it's your use of reinsurance in this line or what the profitability should look like, should we get back to that more normal level, or it’s just a good starting point to think about what that business should be able to contribute?
Evan Greenberg: I think you guys have short memory. This year was a very good year. Last year was a good year, but not that far off the normal trend by the way, it was a good year but not that far off. And we look over it 10, 15 and 20 year. We put the business on level, because there were things that impact loss ratio in the current year that didn't impact 20 years ago, because prices have changed, yields per acre and how seed and fertilizer behaves changed to the positive in that, growing seasons have changed a bit because of weather. So we actually consider all of that and put on level that come the historic combined ratio. And that historic that you cite of that 89,90 is where we have remain. And that's why we are saying to you, I don't wait for a bad year to say, this I will say it in a good year. It’s a Cat like business and it has a volatility to it and so you measure it over a period of time. But, I think it’s not excessive, we get a reasonable risk adjusted return on that business and I think we have very clear competitive advantages in our franchise, that just put us light years ahead of, fundamentally, anyone else in that business. Particularly around our analytics, our deep distribution and spread of business, our knowledge and insight of data and people with experience that go back so many years. And we have a cost advantage and a technology advantage that is very hard barrier to leap.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thanks for that. And then maybe if I could sneak in one last one on maybe for Phil on the legacy Chubb municipal bond portfolio. How are you thinking about that? Do you expect to sell that down or just reinvest once those bonds mature? And just Evan, one more clarification, I don’t have a short memory, I have a bad memory, that’s totally.
Philip Bancroft: So if you look at any portfolio, it’s very highly graded at AA, 80% of its graded AA or higher. It earns a pretty attractive book yield, it’s over 3.3% and it’s got a duration of about 4.8 years. And I guess what we see now, I mean we talk about the changes of interest rates and the impact that may have on our choice to hold that portfolio, we are running scenarios at different tax rates to determine the impact on the portfolio. The ultimate allocation will depend not only on a tax rate, but also relative value of the municipals to the other possibilities in the portfolio. So we are evaluating it, we will look at it in light of the tax developments that emerged over the next months.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you so much for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome, Sandler O’Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. I was hoping you could just run me through the accounting through the negative combined ratio in the Ag business, just so that of we know what went on there, because it’s a little strange to have a negative combined ratio for a quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We are not going to run you through it. But Phil will take, if you want to get more detail, take it offline. But it’s pretty simple. In this business, remember it’s a public private sector sharing program, this is a Federal Government Sponsored Program. So there is a very clear formula that you follow, because the government takes a certain amount of the risks and both individual risks and excessive loss protections that they provide. And so depending on the actual year and how it comes out, you apply the formula of how you share with the government. In this quarter, you have to give premium to the government. Therefore, your earned based goes down substantially and that’s how you end up with the negative combined ratio. They take premium, they take a certain amount of losses and so it’s the denominator that is driving that. You are following me?
Paul Newsome: I am. That’s getting me where I want to go. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Yes just looking at I guess the U.S. business as North American businesses. You did say in personalize side was that the accident year loss ratio excluding tax did jump up this quarter relative to the past four relative to the past seven. I'm wondering if there is any kind a unusual items in there whether a large loss activity. And then similarly in the commercial business again North America that accident year ratio ex-Cat wasn't quite as bigger jump, but it did go up from where it had been and I am wondering what is happening there as well.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I'm going to ask Paul Krump to talk about one of them the personal lines. And then I want to make a comments to you. And then I am going to have John Lupica just talk about the commercial lines what happened one-on-one.
Paul Krump: Well thanks for question Jay as Evan said I am a bit of a storyteller. So let me just backup here a second. The 2016 fourth quarter combined ratio for PRS is 82.1 excluding Cats and PPD. That compares to 80.9 in the fourth quarter of 2015, so up a little bit. However, the fourth quarter of 2015 underwriting income benefited by $18 million from back holiday related to the purchase of prior funds. So if we reduced the 2015 underwriting income by that one-time adjustment, we actually end up with an 82.4 current accident year combined ratio ex-Cat and PPD compared to the 82.1 that we had. So all up you actually saw on a combined ratio basis is 0.3 point improvement in the current accident year's combined ratio obviously mainly due to the expense ratio is often to the synergies and impacting the new reinsurance agreement that Evan just touched on numerous response. So the lost ratio was up a little bit. And as you said it was due to some losses and they were the non-Cat weather area, in particular we saw some more water damage claims and some burst pipes. But as Evan also said in his earlier comments that's a bit of noise. The reinsurance business goes up or down a little bit quarter-by-quarter.
Jay Cohen: Yeah that's helpful Paul.
Evan Greenberg: And John, actually the opposite.
John Lupica: Yes Jay and thanks. On the commercial side, for both Paul and I are all in North America that the year-over-year change is really just the fact that our 2015 current accident year have a fewer amount and lower large losses than we saw in 2016. I wouldn't say 2016 was above average I would just say 2015 was probably below average and that's really the change.
Evan Greenberg: Yes and it make sense to you Jay?
Jay Cohen: Yes. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: And I just want to - I have read a number of that analysts early reports and talking about this questions. And I don't want to make comment about that. We had simply an outstanding quarter, our calendar year combined ratio reflects all the good and all the bad. i.e. there were more Cats, there was flat PPD. We had outstanding crop we had excellent global P&C results. Looking at the business as sort of well but for this, well but for that, except for one-time items like the pension benefit, which is fair is misleading in my mind, because all these businesses are ongoing businesses and it makes contribution. We are in the risk business, and there you are going to see noise always from one quarter to another quarter. We didn’t reach in our current accident year reserving, whatsoever, and how we post loss ratios, we didn’t suddenly grow optimistic and I remind you that we are conservative in how we manage our business. We recognize bad quickly and we are very slow to recognize good. So as you look at the individual pieces, I wanted to give you a bigger perspective on it.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman, Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Hi. Thank you. First, a quick numbers one and then a question reserves. So could you just clarify that the 60 million in VA. Is that just for 2017 or is that sort of recurring thing well into the future?
Philip Bancroft: It will go into the future. I mean, unless we change our view of interest rates or change other assumptions. But based on what we feel now that would be a continuing adjustment.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Thank you. And Evan just to flush out a little bit more sort of what is going on in the industry and where things maybe heading on reserves and so forth. I was hoping we could flush out a little bit more I think you alluded earlier. But, specifically the topic of adverse development coverage, whether they be just people buying a little bit of protection for align that they are a little nervous about to some of these gigantic unprecedented deals. It seems ADCs are back and away we haven’t seen an almost 20 years now. And last time when they were prevalent, it seems to be a pretty good tale, right? I mean the buyers where the smart ones and the sellers where the dumb ones. And does it feel like that’s happening again this time? And maybe a better way to ask this, would you guys sell an adverse development cover to anybody right now?
Evan Greenberg: I am not in that business. What you see is soft versus the hard part of the cycle. People, as you get into, some are better underwriters and more disciplined in a competitive environment and they are to in this business than others are. And some are aggressive to growth and they sell very broad covers and they sell them at cheap prices and they don’t have the command and control in underwriting and so they get surprise. And you put those two things together and now and again, there is a derivative business for garbage collectors, who come around new collection. And they collect the garbage out of portfolios and that’s what you got here. I am not a buyer nor a seller. I can’t imagine that we would be in a position where it would make sense for us to give up a substantial percentage of our loss reserve asset and its future income. Because we didn’t have the risk management and the control and knowledge of our business that we would have to that will be so unsecure, we have to give up on our portfolio that way. Shrink our balance sheet that way. It makes no sense to me and for us how we run our business, but you seen it, this is a business that has grown over the years. There are couple of guys have been pretty good at and they have done a pretty good job. So not everyone I would say gets burned at it. But it is, this is an industry if you look at the ROE of the industry. And the mean is poor and there are both sides of that mean are those who outperform, on the other side those who underperform. And the ones who underperform they generate a lot of garbage and so the garbage collectors come around.
Ian Gutterman: Very apt analogy. Thank you Evan.
Helen Wilson: We have time for just one more person to ask question. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Hey thanks a couple of questions for you. first one Evan I'm just curious, are you at the point in the Chub integration where you are kind a comfortable enough that if something else comes up that you think you have got the not only the financial capacity but the management capacity to absorb a small mid-sized acquisition.
Evan Greenberg: I want you to know, I am looking at room full of colleagues will absolutely taking out [indiscernible]. You know what, we are focused on integrating and getting the power of the promise of all of the capability against - matched against the opportunities that this organization has right now. and I'm going to leave it at that except to say we have management bandwidth.
Brian Meredith: Okay great. And then my second question is just the VA volatility is almost like a nonsense. Is there any opportunity potentially to get rid of that at some point. Are you think you just going to stuck with it forever?
Evan Greenberg: No, but the VA and we are going to do this in 2017. We are going to split the life business into three pieces that you could see. Our international life earnings in total - I don't know the exact number. like $27 million this year and will grow they ought to grow substantially in 2017 and that's for our international life insurances. Our combined underwriting income for the combined insurance company that's in the life division that part of it produces good earnings. And you will see those pieces. The VA was producing [indiscernible] at one point about $100 million, $150 million or $160 million year of operating income. It's come down to about $120 million or $130 million. and now it's coming down to like $60 million going forward. And keep in mind this is that it hasn't produced good income for us, but with obviously the book value volatility that has gone with after the market.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Chubb Limited Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd. Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd. Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd. Timothy Alan Boroughs - Chubb Ltd. John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd. John Joseph Lupica - Chubb Ltd. Juan C. Andrade - Chubb Ltd.
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Chubb Limited Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Limited: Thank you and welcome to our September 30, 2016 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions and integration of acquisitions including our acquisition of the Chubb Corporation, and potential synergies, savings and commercial and investment benefits we may realize. All of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements which are available on our website at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. During today's report, our management will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our third quarter 2016 earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Good morning. Chubb had an excellent quarter with record operating earnings per share, excellent core underwriting results and premium revenue growth in line with our expectations. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $1.4 billion were $2.88 per share compared to $2.74 per share prior year, again demonstrating in my judgment the accretive nature of our merger. As I have done in the last two quarters when discussing our underwriting results and premium growth and to give you greater visibility to the health of the company, I will compare our results to the 2015 prior quarter as if we were one company back then and exclude the effects of purchase accounting, again this is how, as a manager, I look at the company's performance. The P&C combined ratio for the quarter was a published 86% and excluding purchase accounting 85.5%. That compares to an 85% last year as if we were one company back then. There are three components to that. Catastrophe losses were up over prior year to $144 million pre-tax versus an exceptionally low $101 million last year. Second, positive prior period reserve development of $349 million pre-tax was down $40 million versus prior year. So that leads to the P&C current accident year combined ratio excluding cat losses of 88.4% versus 88.9% last year benefiting in particular from a reduced expense ratio. Both our North American and international insurance operations had excellent calendar and current accident year results. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $830 million, a very good result, particularly given the record low interest rate environment. Investment income was at the top of the guidance we gave you. We have made good progress repositioning our portfolio in ways we have discussed on past calls. And this has in fact contributed to the quarter's results. Tim Boroughs, our Chief Investment Officer, is prepared to make a few comments on the portfolio. If you like, just ask him. Book and tangible book value per share were up 2.4% and 5.5% respectively. And our annualized operating ROE for the quarter was 12%, a really good result. Phil will have more to say about tangible book prior period reserve development and cat. Turning to premium revenue, total P&C net premiums in the quarter were on a constant dollar basis declined 3.5%. Foreign exchange had a one point impact. As I have discussed on our previous calls, when we were planning the merger, we contemplated underwriting actions in certain portfolios not meeting our standards or exceeding our risk appetite. These actions which include either canceling or re-insuring certain business reduce our premium, but improve our risk reward profile. The impact from these actions will continue for the balance of this year and 2017 though at a reduced level and will dissipate as the year goes along. If we normalize for these underwriting actions including the purchase of additional reinsurance, total P&C net premiums in the quarter grew over just 1% in constant dollars, a 4.5 point difference. The additional reinsurance accounts for 3.6 point of that 4.5 point difference with business cancellations representing the balance. Keep in mind, the additional reinsurance had an outsized impact this quarter because of the one-time unearned premium transfer in personal lines. I want to say a few words about current commercial P&C insurance market conditions globally. Pricing environment continue to grow more competitive in the quarter for our commercial P&C business and varied depending on the territory, line of business, and size of risk. As noted in prior quarters, large account business particularly shared and layered is more competitive than midsize. And wholesale is more competitive than retail. Certain markets are noticeably more competitive than others. London, Bermuda, Australia, and Brazil, by example, were particularly competitive while the U.S. and Continental Europe competition is a little less ferocious and a bit more orderly but continuing to soften nonetheless. Globally, new business is harder to come by. It is a hungry market and competition is fierce for new business; both rate and increasingly terms and conditions, particularly when it comes to large account business. Retention of renewals is a high priority. Our renewal retentions are excellent and I will give you some details shortly. Rate movement varied by territory and market segment, but in general, fluctuated in a reasonably tight range. For example, renewal pricing for the business we wrote ranged from flat in our U.S. middle market business to down 2% in our U.S. major accounts business to down 3% and our international retail commercial P&C operations. Globally, general and specialty casualty related pricing ranged from down or 0.5% to down 2.5%. Financial lines pricing range from flat to down 3% and property related pricing range from down 1% to down 5%. Now, with all of that as context, let me give you some detail on our revenue results. In our North America commercial P&C business, net premiums were down about 2.5%. Normalizing for the impact of the additional reinsurance we purchased and for the underwriting actions, net premiums were flat. The renewal retention rate as measured by premium was quite good at just over 90%. And new business writings were up about 1.5%. In our North America personal lines business, net premiums written were down about 16%. The additional reinsurance we purchased had a 16.5 point impact, and the Fireman's Fund had a 3 point impact. Therefore, growth was over 3% for the combined Chubb and ACE portfolios. Overall, North America personal lines rates were up 1.5% and exposure change added about 3%. Retention remained quite strong for the legacy Chubb and legacy ACE portfolios at 94% and 95% respectively. The legacy Fireman's Fund portfolio as we continue to convert the business to Chubb paper, retention was 75%. The impact of the Fireman's Fund conversion is diminishing and will be virtually gone by first quarter. Net premiums for our agriculture business were up over 15% in the quarter. While still early, from what we can see today, based on yield forecasts and commodity prices, this is shaping up to be a very good year for crop insurance results. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, net premiums written for our international retail P&C business were down in the quarter 1% in constant dollar, and up about 1.5% when normalized with the additional reinsurance and underwriting actions. While in our London market based E&S and surplus lines business, premiums were down 4%, were flat when normalized for underwriting actions. The renewal retention rate for our international commercial P&C business was 84% in the quarter, actually right in line with historic averages, and new business writings were down 2%. International by line of business commercial P&C net premiums declined 3% but were flat excluding the additional reinsurance and underwriting actions, while personal lines grew 3% on the same basis. Our global A&H business, net premiums written in constant dollars were flat in the quarter and up 1% adjusted for the underwriting-related portfolio actions. We expect improved growth in our A&H business in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, our combined insurance operations in North America grew 4% in the quarter. Again, in sum, total company P&C net premiums in the quarter on a normalized basis grew just over 1% in constant dollar. While market conditions globally are competitive, I expect as we progress through future quarters and the impact of the merger continues to fade, given the compelling power and capabilities of the new Chubb, we will produce faster growth in the near future. In particular, we are building on the tremendous potential of our middle market businesses both domestic and international with both traditional core package and specialty product. We also have greater growth potential in our A&H and personal lines business. To the large account and upper middle markets, the power of one Chubb is compelling, as we combine product and expertise to bring total solutions to clients. It is a real differentiator and will provide more opportunity in spite of soft market conditions. We are already seeing evidence of this potential growth. We estimate that our efforts to promote new areas of coverage to midmarket and large account producers and account cross-selling in all of our businesses around the globe contributed about $88 million to our company's new business growth in the quarter, or 16% of North America's new business and 5% of international's new business. We are also on the front foot with new products in digital distribution. For example, we recently began to introduce our small commercial business owner's package policy, the so-called BOP, during the quarter. What began as a small pilot with 12 agents in one state, has now been rolled out methodically to several hundred agents and we were approved to write business in 43 states. We are executing a disciplined plan and currently have capabilities to write some 500 industry classes of business. We have proven and deep expertise. Our package includes broad coverage for property and liability exposures and is complemented by workers' comp, commercial auto, and financial lines products. Technology and data are a differentiator for us. Our business package can be quoted and issued by an agent online in as little as four minutes with minimal questions. We expect 80% of our packaged plans won't require underwriter intervention with an eventual goal to be 90% plus. We also recently launched a cyber risk product specifically designed for micro-businesses via digital distribution through CoverHound as part of their new commercial insurance solutions for micro-size small businesses. We will soon add to that a miscellaneous professional liability product and a business owner's P&C package all featuring strength through processing from quote to issue. A number of Chubb's existing micro-insurance products are scheduled to be redesigned for digital distribution on the CoverHound platform and other web-based producers in the near future. Just stay tuned. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump and Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter including current market conditions and pricing trends as well as examples of how our expanded capabilities are benefiting the company. Before I close, we are in good shape with our integration plans and activities. We are ahead of schedule in terms of both realized and annualized savings as you can see from the updated table in the press release. And in fact, we have now increased the total annualized run rate savings we will achieve by the end of 2018 to $800 million, up from $750 million. Finally, our outstanding claims and risk engineering organization is performing at an especially high level as tested recently with a number of cats including Hurricane Matthew in the U.S. Let's remember, outstanding claims service is what this organization is all about. Speaking of Hurricane Matthew, while early days and from everything we know, we project our cat losses from this event to be circa $200 million pre-tax. With that, I will turn the call over to Phil, then we are going to come back and take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong. Our loss reserves remain conservative. We have $102 billion portfolio of cash and high-quality investments that are well rated and liquid and we are generating substantial capital and positive cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.7 billion. We grew our tangible book value per share by 5.5% in the quarter. You will remember that at the close of our merger, the initial dilution to our tangible book value per share was 29%. As of the end of the third quarter, our year-to-date dilution has been reduced to 16%, an improvement of 13 percentage points in three quarters. Of course, that includes five points of benefit in unrealized gains because of lower interest rates. In the quarter, investment income of $830 million was at the top end of our estimated range and benefited from strong cash flow and from the changes we are making to the management of our portfolio. There are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income including the level of interest rates, prepayment speeds on our mortgages, corporate bond call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our expected quarterly investment income run rate remains at $820 million to $830 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $264 million pre-tax and include a $307 million gain from the investment portfolio primarily from a narrowing of credit spreads, a $44 million mark-to-market gain on our VA portfolio primarily from the improvement to equity markets and a $95 million loss from FX. Our investments are in unrealized gain position of $2.5 billion after-tax. Net loss reserves increased $315 million for the quarter. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 90%. We had positive prior period development of $349 million pre-tax or $252 million after-tax with about 20% from short-tail lines and 80% from long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2010 and prior. This included $52 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures which are now included in our corporate segment. As a reminder, we conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our asbestos review in the fourth quarter. Our catastrophe losses in the third quarter net of reinsurance were $144 million pre-tax or $107 million after-tax principally from U.S. weather related events. During the quarter, we purchased additional reinsurance that reduced our net written premiums by $260 million. $200 million related to personal lines, the remainder related principally to commercial lines. The $200 million personal lines reinsurance premium included $128 million of one-time unearned premium reserve transfers which impact net written premiums for the third quarter only. Excluding the one-time transfers, the annual impact of personal lines of this new treaty is expected to be approximately $280 million. As we have mentioned, we are increasing our estimate of integration related savings. There is no increase in our integration and merger-related expenses. Our tax rate of 18.4% is slightly higher than our normal range due to a higher tax rate on our positive prior period development because of the jurisdictions in which the development occurred. I will turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Limited: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: We'll go first to Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. And thank you. The first question on the capital management and you generate in the first nine months $3.5 billion of operating income. You recovered more than one third of the tangible book dilution and debt leverage is towards the low 20% and you've purchased additional reinsurance, I'd assume, that would limit some of the earnings volatility. And also you said market is more competitive. So how do you think your current excess capital position and the potential buyback in 2017 and beyond?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, Kai, it's early days. We are pleased with building our capital position. It's in line with our own expectations. Capital management, we pay an awfully good dividend. We understand the potential for share repurchase and that always fits into our overall thinking when we look at all of our options and what we will do with our capital. Stay tuned. We are not in a hurry.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's good. And then thank you for all the details on the sort of new products. I just wonder what's the reaction from your distribution networks including the middle market about this new products and also if you're worried about sort of too much concentration in terms of a like a carriers from – more from the high net worth perspective. Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: For the small commercial that we just launched and that's in line with our plans as we told you from the very beginning and it's a book of business that we'll build over. It takes years to do. That's right in line and that goes to agents. And we've just begun really rolling out a real way and that will continue as our technology and product comes online into the middle of next year when it will be fully operational. But as far as agent reactions, very good and I'm going to turn it over for two moment – for a moment to Paul Krump who will give you a little more sense of the feedback we are getting in the marketplace.
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Sure, Evan. I'd say that the agent feedback has been very positive. The new organization really hasn't missed the beat in terms of service to both agents and clients. I think the agents have been extremely complementary, how focused team is on finding solutions to our risk exposures. Just one quick example. We were all recently at the CIAB and we ran into an agent who had a Fortune 500 CEO who had a personal lines risk and – but it included both the cattle and a horse ranch. And I would tell you that in the past legacy Chubb would have absolutely struggled to figure out a solution to that. And today, we were able to put that together in a very seamless way and our new capabilities in that area are unmatched and they'll only become crisper and better as we go along. So we are very excited about that. As respect to the piece about some concentration, yeah, I would suggest to you that some of the agents have been a little concerned about the concentration. We have seen that more so and if anything in how they have moved some of the Fireman's Fund business. We expected that in the retention and that has shown up. You have to remember that that Fireman's Fund book was a conversion and we anticipated that there would be more price dislocation on the Fireman's Fund and that, as Evan said it in his remarks, will dissipate as we go forward.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Kai, the market reaction to the small commercial has been very good. As we have begun to roll that out. You know the legacy Chubb brand name with agency distribution and the relationships are so deep and as we bring additional product to market, they – the reception and the goodwill couldn't be better. And I would remind you on the dislocation question. Sure, the concentration issue is an element with producers. Look at our renewal retention rate. We are holding the business and we are in fact writing the business. So while that tension and that dynamic is there, as Paul started saying to you, our capabilities are beginning to improve that we could do farm and ranch and do high net worth together starts opening up a whole another market dimension that others can't follow. And we have other product and technology plans on the drawing board that over the next two years will start – will roll out and continue to differentiate us.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Great. Thank you so much.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: You're welcome.
Operator: Ryan Tunis, Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess my first question is on the repositioning and investment portfolio and I guess if you guys could just talk a little bit more about the changes there – made there so far. And I guess potentially if there is an opportunity to even do more there, I guess, just looking at average yield on invested assets has been flat over the past few quarters? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, well, when you say that I'm going to turn it over to Tim Boroughs but when you say that that's in the face of the declining reinvestment yield.
Timothy Alan Boroughs - Chubb Ltd.: Right. So Ryan, at this point we fully integrated the legacy Chubb portfolio with our investment process and operating platforms. So that's taking place. The assets have been placed with several of our managers with whom we share a long history of success. We have been working with these teams to implement strategic and tactical changes to the taxable, municipal and our international portfolios to improve risk-adjusted returns. In addition, earlier this year, I think this is important, we shifted most of our equity portfolio into the upper tier of the BBB sector of the high yield bond market which had the impact of reducing overall portfolio volatility. This sector has returned over 14% this year versus a gain in stocks of about 7%. The result of all these adjustments have produced additional net investment income of over $120 million annually above what the portfolio's run rate would have been since the time of acquisition. This has been accomplished with a better balance to our asset allocation, overall reduction in portfolio volatility while we have maintained an average rating of AA.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess just a follow-up on the additional reinsurance and the merger-related underwriting actions. And I know Evan pointed out that most of the action, if not all the action, so far has been taken on books that were planned at the beginning in the deal. But I'm just curious how dynamic that process still is. And if whether or not you are still finding books in areas where there are sizable opportunities, I guess, to improve either the volatility profile or the loss ratio profile of the business? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Thanks for the question. No, we have been through the portfolio, and we – by the spring, so early in the second quarter, we had finished going through everything together. And we understood exactly where it either wasn't meeting our return expectations or where we had individual risk accumulations that would exceed our guidelines and appetite or we had aggregate risk accumulations concentrations that would exceed our appetite. So that's all done and we put in place our plans to either fix or get off of business or secure additional reinsurance. Let me go a step further, though, because I think there is this question out there also, well, risk reward ratio and how do you think about that? And how do you as investors judge that? First of all, I don't believe you can judge that, we can judge that, but you can't accept that how our ultimate results turn out. And I think we have a track record that speaks to pretty good underwriting and reinsurance as part of the underwriting process. We don't give away premium easily. Why would we do that? You ask yourself that question. We wouldn't. Reinsurance and the way we look at things is not an expense. But it's rather a risk management and a capital management tool. We have very well-established use and guidelines in process to determine and manage our risk tolerances, our appetite for individual per risk volatility as an example. Our accumulations of how much we would take in anyone geography among our various products as they clash from a single event that might occur. We have very sound capabilities to analyze the alternatives. The alternatives, do we retain the risk, do we reinsure it, and if we're going to reinsure it, what's the best reinsurance structure and the pricing alternatives? We can evaluate reinsurance pricing versus what we think a risk is worth. We can then track the results, gross and net and adjust as facts and circumstance both company and market change over time. So it's a very thoughtful process that we go through. And frankly the question you ask yourself if you are me in the very beginning when you do something a merger like this is do you worry about the optics of the premium revenue or do you just do what you know is the right thing to do to manage the business to give the optimal return on a risk-adjusted basis. And for me, it's a no-brainer. You just do that. And anyway, thank you for the question and I answered more than you asked.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful and I guess just one follow-up, Evan, is I mean clearly we have seen the cost in the NPW growth. I mean when you look at the results thus far, to what extent are we seeing the benefit of this? I mean do you look at this and think that all the underwriting actions and reinsurance you have done have improved results so far? Or do you think that's largely just still on the come. In other words, the benefit hasn't really played out at all on what you have reported?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, look, you can't measure with absolute precision. But what I will tell you is this. The actions you take are on a written basis and then that earns in over a period of time; generally a one-year period of time. So the results will – of that will emerge over time. It ameliorates margin pressure you get from rate reduction and trend, loss trend that occurs on your book of business. It ameliorates your results due to – you know from a single catastrophe or a series of catastrophes when they occur. It ameliorates your results in frequency of large losses if you have limited your per risk net because you don't think you are getting paid for that excess layer or have the spread of risk worth taking the volatility. And so you judge it over a period of time. But I think you are liking our underwriting results and it's all part of that.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks so much. That's more than I need.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You are welcome.
Operator: Elyse Greenspan...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: (34:26).
Operator: Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. First kind of high level question. We have a specter of inflation picking up next year. We have seen some of your peers report spinning reserve releases. Evan, do you think that it will reach a point where the industries start potentially taking more prices to get ahead of what could potentially be a painful inflection point in terms of inflation?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, let me just clarify one thing. Did you say inflation is taking off next year?
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I said there is a specter that maybe inflation could pick up when we get to next year.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, I think they just hang that ghost out there and it just hung there the last few years. Everybody looks at it and says maybe it's coming. Look, loss trend hasn't – it's not like there is no loss trend. There is inflation in claims. It varies by class. But it isn't like it has disappeared. It continues and you see it in certain classes where it rears its head and then in other classes it's there, it just is a bit more benign. Pricing is flat or down and it's interesting to me the way I listen to people talk about the market because they will say, well, see the market is not softening because the rate of decline of prices has ameliorated. Well, that's almost – that's mindless to me. The rate is still going down, just going down at a slower rate. That's still softening. And even if it's flat, it doesn't keep trade – pace with loss cost trend. So eventually, it's going to show up in results. When? I can't say with any specificity. And you know at that point when it shows up does that mean a market turns? It's a lot of capital. And there is a hunger for a rate of return. Even the insurance industry giving a mid-single digit ROE which is miserable on a risk-adjusted basis to me; that is attractive to many where there is trillions of dollars sitting in negative returns right now and just hungry for yield. And if they can get absolute yield of 2%, 3%, 4%, 5% on an absolute, forget risk adjusted basis, they are interested. So you just continue to see more capital coming into the business. So I am not imagining and I don't run our company, I can tell you, we don't build a strategy based on a market turn. We base it on the market we see.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a couple of numbers questions for Phil. How much of the integration savings came into the numbers in the third quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: So third quarter actual realized savings from an accounting standpoint were $102 million and that would bring – so it was $28 million in the first quarter, you'll remember, $72 million in the second quarter and $102 million in the third quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $202 million.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then what was the FX impact on EPS in the quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: It was $10 million.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Did we take care of your worksheet?
Operator: Michael Nannizzi, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks so much. I guess you spoke a bit about developments on the commercial side in terms of the policy in small commercial. Can you talk a little bit about investments you have made on the personal lines side and maybe either new products or new geographies or further integration of those previously three separate brands? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. We are making investments in the area and this is only a certain number of months, but they will roll out as we go along. So let me give you a little more color. We, first of all, have reorganized ourselves between all the disciplines, between actuarial, underwriting, marketing and sales where we can in a faster and more practical way react to each region in the United States which each one behaves a little differently where the States behave differently in terms of both competitive behavior and what we see from a financial profit and loss perspective of pricing. Number two, we are right now in the middle of making investments and executing on actions around what will ultimately come out in the next – I'm not going to predict the month precisely, but we're going to start rolling out a digital experience around our high net worth business where customers will be able to interact with us and procure service and actually manage coverage in a more digital way. Foundational technology, there is a need to make large investment to update and be state-of-the-art in our foundational technology around underwriting and claims, claims we've already done it and we will be investing in the underwriting side and plans are afoot to do that. In product, Paul began to tell you one of the initiatives that we're already engaged in and that will emerge and that is the high net worth. There is a large segment to that population that has farm and ranch exposure. And you can't – typically you can't get it all from one carrier. We have the capability with our farm and ranch capabilities, as well as our high net worth capabilities. We are putting them together. We have already been piloting where we will be able to serve that segment and that distinguishes us from anybody else, one-stop shop. Coverages around cyber liability, which on a personal basis and particularly for high net worth, is a new exposure. We've rolled out product to address that area before anyone else in the market did. And so you know we are – this is not something where you throw a switch. I mean I said from the beginning it would take a couple years but we have a lot underway.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just a quick one for Phil just on the reserve development, and we have seen some sort of divergent trends from other folks so far this year particularly this earnings season around development. Just curious if we will be able to get a little bit of color on whether the development came from legacy ACE or legacy Chubb and if the trends have been different from the two legacy books and how we should think about the standardization of those two as we go forward. Thanks.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Let me start with – I will turn it over to Paul in a second, let me just start with – in general, this cycle was primarily related to the casualty book. I mean the most weight in our studies were casualty. But we also had some personalized development that I'll ask Paul to talk about.
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, yeah, thanks. Thank you both. As Evan has mentioned on previous calls, we are integrating our actuarial process for all lines. And in doing so, we are bringing together much more credible data than previously available in the personal lines space as we've got the three big portfolios. And that data just caused us to increase our expectation slightly on the legacy ACE personal lines book. In particular, the homeowners and personal access lines were increased ever so slightly. Again, that's on the legacy ACE book, it's not in the personal auto. I suspect I know what you are pointing towards and it's not the auto.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And then remember, it's on a base of a couple of, few billion dollars actually – $0.9 billion base (43:48).
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Charles Sebaski, BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. Thank you. I guess a follow-up on the new initiatives with the BOP and small cyber in commercial. If we are taking a couple of years out, what's – how large of a component of the book to this part of the business be? Can these small policies, small risk component be a material component of the overall commercial business?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yes.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Fair enough. We had another one on cross-sell and how the cross-sell opportunity set is with these small policies and personal line and then the A&H business. I guess I'm thinking in the U.S. Is A&H a differentiator in the Chubb, the larger personal lines book that you have now and are those pieces integrated or am I thinking about that wrong?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, you are thinking right. And I am going to start with an answer to you and then I wanted to take your question even a little broader and I'm going to ask Paul and John to talk a little bit about middle market cross-selling and what's going on in upper middle market. But let me take your A&H and by the way on small commercial when you ask could it be material? I am going to repeat to you one thing I have said before. First of all, it's about a $90 billion market in the United States. Number two, average premiums though keep in mind a couple thousand dollars. So it takes – you've got to write a lot of customers to build to cast a real shadow. In a number of years – in a few years, I expect that this will be a book of business with a B on the end of it, okay. That's what I mean by significant. When you talk about A&H, it's in two pieces. First, in the combined, we do a worksite marketing and we have great technology and we now have quietly built over $100 million of business that is growing quickly where we are doing supplemental A&H products not traditional health. Sort of like the same thing that you would see Allstate or Aflac doing. We are competing very well in that business. We have now introduced it to the Chubb independent agency distribution system right alongside our P&C offerings. And because most of the agents have an employee benefits division, and so we can come in where it is 50 to a couple of hundred lives, that's a sweet spot for us, and with technology and enrollers offer supplemental health products such as accident insurance, dread disease, hospital cash, et cetera, and that is a real initiative that we think has legs that over a number of years is going to grow substantial business. Secondly, through our corporate A&H division as part of our major accounts and our middle market, traditional travel accident insurance and global business travel to corporations where they pay for the insurance for employees, we are – that is a real initiative for us and it is part of our cross-selling along with a whole host of other products that I'm going to ask John to start talking about and Paul and just give you a better sense of that cross-selling.
John W. Keogh - Chubb Ltd.: Sure. Thanks, Evan. And, Charles, yes, to Evan's earlier point, we've really focused on our cross-selling into our existing customer base and agency books. And also we call strength of the organization where we've added resources and distribution. I will remind you that with the Chubb, we've picked up 48 branch offices that are just terrific assets for us. Some of the things that we are selling is clearly the specialty product that ACE brought to the table, things like environmental. Things like global programs, a broader access appetite, deeper financial lines, cyber, international, construction, transactional risk. These are all specialty plays that our branch operation is just doing a wonderful job at distributing and getting to our relationships and adding that cross-sell. A couple quick examples on the upper middle market side. We had a global digital company where the Chubb organization had a small specialty product. This client needed a worldwide program from domestic casualty to international casualty and to the new ACE products with the Chubb relationship and the Chubb team and this organization holds together the rate in excess of $3 million deal. So, there's a number of those examples I can run you through, but it just brings to life one example where the organization has brought together additional capabilities.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And I want to add one thing about that account and that was beyond the capabilities – it took the capabilities of both organizations. The product set that legacy Chubb brought and that legacy ACE brought by themselves, each one was hardly enough to win the day. The two together, there was no one who stood up to us in the competition. It was fascinating. Paul?
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Maybe just another quick example, because I think John did a great job outlining it. Going back to the strength of the organization an agent friend of mine told me a story where one of our clients in the personal lines world runs a business. It's in the healthcare industry. And this prospect of his was very anxious to get a Chubb quote. He explained to them that he didn't think that this risk was within Chubb's appetite. But he also admitted to the client prospect that, in fact, now that legacy Chubb has changed to new Chubb that the appetite has shifted as well because the legacy ACE was bringing on so many more capabilities and skills. So he approached us. And he was shocked that within days we put together a very competitive program. The underwriter that he knew helped guide his colleague through the relationship and we wrote the account with several hundred thousand dollars. So that in itself is personally very satisfying for me. But what also is very satisfying is that this agent has really turned on to Chubb right now and their submission activities increased nicely.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I really appreciate all the answers. I guess just one final, if I could ask, might be helpful for us is on the personal lines business, I know there's a lot of work on re-underwriting and reinsurance. If possible, if we could get some PIFF data, potentially over time help us understand the trend of the book quarter-over-quarter would be appreciated.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We will note that.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Sarah DeWitt, JPMorgan.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. The 12% operating ROE in the quarter was very strong and you still have about another point of expense savings to realize. So is the 13% ROE about the way to view the right run rate for the company or was there lower than average losses this quarter, some seasonality in the business? Just trying to get a sense of the ROE profile for the new company?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, well, I think that's a – maybe a simplistic way, it's just still a mathematical way of looking at it. You've got to figure all the other factors. So you just loaded additional expense on top, let's see what happens to rate and trend and losses and mix of business and all the rest. I'm not projecting. I don't give guidance.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then the underlying...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You are welcome.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...the underlying combined ratio in the quarter remains steady despite your comments about market conditions. What's driving that and you view that as sustainable?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Not giving you guidance. On the other side of the coin, I feel pretty confident in our underwriting – in our ability to produce superior results relative to the industry. Our mix of business, our underwriting discipline, our willingness to shed business, to reinsure business, not to grow where it doesn't make sense and to grow where it does make sense, our global reach and our balance of businesses by geography, by country where we selectively determine to write each line of coverage, not mindlessly across the globe, but selectively decide which country to write which business in, our mix between middle market, small, and large commercial, our mix between specialty and traditional. The fact in major accounts business where we have superior capability, so it's not simply about the cheapest price per shared and layered but that you bought the franchise and therefore it's our ability and primary casualty to be able to pay your claims, to be able to issue the paper all around the globe, collect the money and move the cash flow, pay the taxes for you and then write all the excess coverages. Our ability to write multiple coverages on you on a global basis and not simply one coverage, I think, all that goes into those results, Sarah.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. I've got a couple of unrelated questions. The first one is – I cover a lot of regionals which is, I guess, my problem. But they are all telling me that they are going after the high net worth personalized business. I think some of this maybe they are not really going up to really targeting your affluent as opposed to affluent, but it's hard for me to tell exactly how far up the scale they are going towards Chubb's business. So the question really is are you seeing those folks and are they indeed trying to take the incremental customer out of that truly high net worth marketplace?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We are seeing the competition in one or two in the mass affluent space, creeping into the lower end of high net worth. It's a price play, offer a cheaper price. Having the broad coverages and the service capability, that's what it's really about. And so people are going to compete simply on price but not the same quality of product and service and that's the game. That's fine. You will always have that. And as I have said from the beginning, we expect that with the merger, there would naturally be others who would come into the space. It makes sense. It ought to happen. That doesn't disturb us. But your ability to actually become a true high net worth player requires a lot of investment, a lot of patience, and because you've got to build a hell of a capability and service and you've got to be able to follow your customers where they have exposure. And by the way, you've got to have a balance sheet and appetite for greater volatility or risk because high net worth behaves like a commercial account, not a traditional personal lines account.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Great. And my other question which is completely unrelated. We have the impact from the Department of Labor coming up in April of next year. And there are some folks, I think, are very smart like the folks at Milliman that think that the – essentially you're going to again end up with very few 1035 exchanges and the retentions for in-force annuity books will just sort of skyrocket. You have a life reinsurance business haven't had an issue with it or seen much impact out of lately but if you saw a large increase in retentions in that in-force book, would that have a material impact positive or negative on your results?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: This is variable annuity business, not fixed annuity business. You realize that.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah. I think that the thought is actually the variable annuity business will also – because a lot of those features are in the money will become un-transferable because they will have to explicitly estimate those – the value of those derivatives to the customer and it's very hard to swap them into something else if they are in the money.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. We will have to take that off-line with you but I would say this. We study the lapses in the annuitization rates on a regular basis. We react to the changes as we see them. You realize we write an XOL (58:54) book, an excess of loss book. That has been in run-off since 2007. Our lapses have been running to date better. They have been running lower, in fact, than we – than originally imagined and we watch those annuitization rates pretty carefully.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Evan, one sort of big picture question in light of the quarter's reflection of pricing trends and sort of the overall economy. Are you more or less optimistic about the revenue synergies from the combination of ACE and Chubb than you were 6 months to 12 months ago?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, I am the same about the revenue synergies between ACE and Chubb, absolutely the same. What I can't speak about is, yes, the capabilities and our ability to bring those capabilities and differentiate whether it's new product and absolute like small commercial or bringing product to customer through – in middle market or in large account. I am absolutely right where I was about that. What I can't tell you is how much joy you get at any one moment for it depending on market conditions. And you know I expected a competitive market and we certainly got one.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And remember this, which is very interesting to me. I told you that really you can't be Pollyannish about it that. In the beginning we would take some actions that would have dis-synergies, I hate the word – give me a better word where we would cancel some business, we would reinsure some business. So you'd reduce some premium revenue that growth initiatives would occur over a number of years and I said a three-year to five-year period to show a meaningful difference. We are keeping track of it. At the same time, you are going to have on your basic book of business. You are going to have a certain lapse pattern and a certain new business pattern and if you are a disciplined underwriter that pattern is going to vary depending on the market conditions. Then you add the two together and there you go. But what I know – there you go as your ultimate growth rate, but what I know is we can measure the power of the integration from a revenue point of view and be able to track how one plus one is better than the two by themselves in any market condition. Are you following me?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: I do. Yes, that's very helpful.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Okay. You are welcome. Did you have another question, Meyer?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Just a very quick one in terms of the reinsurance purchasing. Is there any – I don't know guidance is the wrong word but ball-park you can give in terms of how the ceding commissions compare to the acquisition expenses?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: How the ceding commission compares to what?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: The acquisition expenses on a gross basis.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, sure. The ceding commission is better than the acquisition expense. Otherwise, I didn't even cover my operating expense.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Let alone are you giving me a margin for my good business I'm giving you.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. I think about the environment and just as you are really emerging as this mammoth global company, two of your competitors are clearly pulling back. And I am wondering if you are seeing that in the number of submissions you are getting?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We are not only seeing it in the number of submissions we are getting in that – particularly in that large account business but we are seeing it in the writings. John Lupica.
John Joseph Lupica - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, absolutely, thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And then Juan Andrade.
John Joseph Lupica - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, Jay, there is no question in that global casualty business where we have invested a bunch of resource and time and people over the last 7 years to 10 years delivering a terrific product and being consistent with our pricing and our offerings. We are absolutely seeing opportunity from a couple of our competitors stumbling a bit. We are seeing more submissions and we are seeing more new business come into the portfolio at adequate rates. I remind you, we compare our new business to our renewal business and the adequacy is on par to our portfolio. So that is one area when Evan noted our new business was up that we're definitely seeing new business increasing. It's all global casualty risk manager business. And that would include lead layer umbrella; that would include global property fronts and lead layer financial lines in there as well.
Juan C. Andrade - Chubb Ltd.: On the international side, Jay, I would add the same thing. We are really seeing more opportunity here as some of our competitors stumble particularly on the service side. We are seeing more risk managers coming to as we – the large brokers looking for essentially the franchise opportunities that Evan described given our multinational capability. So we see it in our pipeline but we also see it in our new business particularly in places like Continental Europe.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And, Jay, the factor on the other side that stops us from writing all of it depends on is the market condition. They will come to us if they want the service now, are you willing to pay us the price we want? And in an awful lot of instances they are bringing in the risk and it's at a price that the expiring price is at a discount to what we think it's worth. And there you go. There's the bid/ask and whether we are going to write it or not.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. The other question on the auto side. Obviously, there was some noise on the personal auto side, all the stock seemed to go down on some of those days. Our suspicion is that personal auto is a very small part of your business. Can you talk about how big that business is for you?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Paul Krump is actually looking for his statistics at the moment. But, yeah – and our combined ratio is behaving pretty well. It's not a huge book for us. Paul?
Paul J. Krump - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah. Just to level set again it is not a lead line for us in personal lines. I mean we generally write automobile only along with our other coverages for our customers. In addition our auto product really appeals to customers looking for much broader coverage and service particularly when it comes to vehicle repair and especially around safety systems. So I would tell you that we are just not the best source for confirming standard market auto trends. Our premium is much more skewed towards the homeowners and we have far more cars typically than we have drivers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: We do see – and we have seen for a while what some others in the market have seen and that is there is a – particularly there's been an upward trend in severity. Look, the kinds of cars that our drivers drive are more valuable cars. The technology continues to evolve both in the materials used to manufacture the cars and the computerization, the digitalization of automobiles. And so that drives severity and we have seen that severity increase over a period of time we have been taking rate and we are making an underwriting profit in auto. And by the way, the volumes – look at page seven of the supplement you get the total – you get the volumes on a global basis.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Well, such is my experience because you write my house but you don't insure my crappy car, so...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. You are a friend, so I'll just withhold my comment – my report to you. You have teenagers in the house? I don't want them.
Operator: Ian Gutterman, Balyasny.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Hi. Thank you. I guess I have a comment, first, maybe building off the last comment there is I am looking forward to the new digitization in high net worth because the current Chubb website for homeowners feels like something out of the 1990s, so I'm hoping for something more customer friendly. So my first question on the cost saves. It looked like the incremental $50 million if I just compare the chart to the old chart, pretty much all comes in 2016, so it's basically already done or about to be done. A, is that accurate? And, B, can you give us a little color on sort of what's been done year-to-date and sort of where we see it? Is it expense ratio in the segments? Is it corporate? Is it LAE? Is there a way for us to sort of identify it, I guess, in our models or is it too broad-based?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, there is – I'll make that part short. There's no way for you to identify it.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You will not be able to. Number two, you'll identify it in the overall as you watch the expense ratio...
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: ... and we can also identify to you in the loss ratio what percentage change in LAE exists then on – so we are tracking the savings. By the way, we track it in a very buttoned up mathematical way. It comes through finance and accounting. It's got controls around it. It can be audited both externally and by internal audit. And so we don't put out these numbers without real governance and control around it all and that's how we manage to it anyway. So it's all for real. And then what you have on the other side is what counterbalance is any investments you have that you make that will increase expense for normal inflation and expenses. So, we kind of track between the two pieces. Your question about the $50 million, no, it's not in 2016, it's in 2017 and 2018.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. I have to go back and look at that again.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And if you want, Phil, I think we are going to expand on that.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: I was just going to say that's right, it was across the years, the $50 million increase. And you can just compare to the first quarter disclosure, you'll see it.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right. Before you had – so now you have $310 million of actual achieved in 2016 before you had $270 million – $275 million. That's why I'm saying it's mostly in 2016.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Well, the realized was, I think, the $800 million is the annualized.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Is the annualized. Look at the annualized again.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, yeah.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. I will follow up off-line that one. So...
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: We definitely did accelerate what we would have expected in 2016.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chubb Ltd.: But you will see that the additional $50 million is spread across the years.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it. And then just to follow up on the small commercial effort. I guess, Evan, can you help me understand sort of, I guess, what I am struggling with there, right, is that business is obviously as you said it's very low ticket, very sticky. It doesn't change carriers a lot and it's very dependent on sort of the experience with the CSR almost as much or more certain with the customer. What sort of your edge going to be? Is it going to be a new take-on service centers? Is it going to be a new take-on front-end quoting to make the CSRs want to do business with you instead of someone else? What sort of the hook, I guess?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: So the hook is a couple. First of all, in the agency, they are predisposed to grow their business with Chubb.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: The market concentration of this business when you think of the guys who are – that you would think of are the ones who are leading brands in it. Well, in aggregate, they have 20% market share of a $90 billion market. So it's incredibly spread. And there's a lot of carriers in there that frankly the agents, if you take the relationship and their – with Chubb they want to grow that relationship and they have more confidence in that. So you start with that. Number two, our technology and our ability to quote find an issue and a four-minute to do it and that you don't touch? That's something that is a great differentiator to CSRs.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And then that we will offer the total product package plus specialties wrapped around it that others don't have is a differentiator. So I think when you add all three together over time, we will grind this out and this is not a passing game where you make a 50 yard gain in one play. This is a grind it out foot by foot, yard by yard.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Well, that's surprising – that's what I was actually going to ask. Thanks a lot.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And that's great. That's what we are in the business of. We are all not trying to get out of the business tomorrow. We are here for a long time building a company and this is part of the effort. So it's not something like what's the update every quarter? How it's looking? Come on, you measure it over years.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. So is it a by agency approach? I mean you are trying to win over agents and get book roles one at a time or is it canopy to get it (1:13:30)
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, you go agent by agent, you love book roles, but that's again, that's like a short pass.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: That's what I'm wondering.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You go yard by yard and sure you would love book roles and maybe you'll get some of those, but you're taking a policy by policy.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Very good. Perfect, all right. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You're welcome.
Helen Wilson - Chubb Limited: We have time for just one more person to ask questions.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Remember, we don't have second careers around here. That's all we do. We've got all day for this.
Operator: Brian Meredith, UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks. Just a couple quick ones here for you. Evan, just looking at the global reinsurance business, big decline in premiums. Is that all just market related or are you seeing some customers shying away from you now that you're just a much bigger primary player and what is the outlook for that business for you guys?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: No, there is nothing related to – we have been a big primary player for a long time. There is nothing related to that, Brian. It is truly market. Our reinsurance folks, we liberated them a long time ago from volume. You will do the right thing to earn an underwriting profit or you will walk away from the business.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: And that's – all that's a reflection of and look, it's a little like the E&S business. In reinsurance, you have to be prepared in the way we run reinsurance, everybody a little differently. Where it has more volatility to it based on the market signature, you will have moments where you handle (1:15:15) the moments when you may grow very quickly and then you've got to be willing and prepared that on the other side there's volatility and you just shut like mad if you have to if your intent is to earn an underwriting profit. Wholesale E&S is next like that and it expands – the market expands or shrinks depending on market conditions.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then my next question for you, Evan, can you tell a little bit about what you are doing efforts to roll out the Chubb brand particularly in the personal lines side in some of your emerging markets platform that ACE used to have? Or it has, sorry.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Yeah, we are focused in just a couple of geographies around the world. We are focused in the U.K. There is a business and it has been a good business and we are putting more effort and more investment into that U.K. business and Juan is exploring a couple of places on the continent in a thoughtful way where there is opportunity we believe. And beyond that, we are in Australia and – where we have a portfolio and are growing that. Other than that, it's where our customers emanating out of the U.S. or one of those markets may in fact have a property or an exposure in another country, then we have a Lloyd's platform that is used to be able to quote an issue that alongside their U.S. policy because they have a home in Mexico or they have a home in Colombia. So we can serve it on a global basis.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: The notion of expanding high net worth into a whole lot of countries, if you understand the market environment in those countries and the actual consumer behavior, there is – as we know it, there is not a high net worth market to be pursued in most markets of the world. That's just a fact.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. And it is more and more rolling out the Chubb brand in some of those emerging markets, does that kind of carry weight in areas like China and some other areas?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: Well, it does carry weight. And we are pushing – I would say this, the ACE brand was a bigger brand in China, as an example. The Chubb brand – the conversion to the Chubb brand is – it gets the halo of what was the ACE brand because it's based on personal relationship more than anything. In the other markets of the world, the Chubb brand, ACE brand we are promoting the brand and building it. And I think it's very well received. And I – there is a tremendous brand equity in that Chubb name. And it just has a distinguishing brand image in terms of service and claims like no other insurance company I know. And that is an asset. And that is an asset that we will promote that we will burnish that we are fiduciaries of and we will protect.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chubb Ltd.: You are welcome
Helen Wilson - Chubb Limited: Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd. Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance, Chubb Ltd. John W. Keogh - Executive Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer John Joseph Lupica - Vice Chairman, Chubb Limited / Chubb Group; President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance Juan C. Andrade - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, Overseas General Insurance, Chubb Ltd.
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to Chubb Limited's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, and welcome to our June 30, 2016 second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions and integration of acquisitions including our acquisition of the Chubb Corporation, and potential synergies, savings and commercial and investment benefits we may realize. All of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements which are available on our website, at investors.chubb.com for more information on factors that could affect these matters. During today's report, our management will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most direct comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in our second quarter 2016 earnings press release and financial supplement. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers we had a pretty good quarter, though we were impacted by the higher level of industry insured cat events globally, 25 of them by our account. After-tax operating income for the quarter was just over $1 billion or $2.25 per share compared to $2.40 per share prior year. For illustrative purposes, excluding cat losses, operating income was $2.91 per share, up 7% over prior year and for six months up 11% demonstrating our excellent underlying operating results which are in line with our expectations and I think depict the accretive nature of our merger. As I did last quarter when discussing our underwriting results and premium growth and to give you greater visibility into the health of the company, I will compare our results as the new Chubb, excluding the purchase accounting and one-time merger-related items in 2016 that distort underwriting to the 2015 year prior quarter as if we were one company back then or put simply as if. So you know as a manager this is how I look at our results. So, to begin, the P&C combined ratio for the quarter was a published 91.2% and an as if, which again excludes merger-related items, 90.2%, a really good result that included $311 million in after-tax cat losses from a broad range of events globally. As we recently announced, our cat losses in the quarter were about $100 million above what we had contemplated on a pre-tax basis, but they are in line with our insurance and reinsurance exposures globally. It's worth noting that the level of industry cat losses while elevated when compared to the recent past appear in line with longer-term historical results. The P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe losses, was 88.9% in the quarter versus 88% as if we were one company last year. Last year has the one-time benefit from the Fireman's Fund transaction and excluding that our year-over-year current accident year combined ratio was essentially flat. Both our North American and international insurance operations had very good calendar and current accident year results. Again, on an as if basis, positive prior period reserve development of $301 million pre-tax was down $35 million versus prior year. Adjusted net investment income for the full quarter was $816 million, a good result given the continued impact of foreign exchange and low interest rates and very modestly below our expectations and guidance to you. Progress, repositioning our portfolio which will result in additional investment income as we discussed last quarter, is on track. Book value per share was up 2.7% in the quarter and stands at $101.56. For the year, per share book value was up over 13%, our annualized operating ROE is circa 10% year-to-date. Phil will have more to say about the investment portfolio, tangible book value, as well as prior period reserve development in cats. Turning to premium revenue, total P&C net premiums in the quarter on a constant dollar basis declined 4.7% on an as if basis. Excluding the previously disclosed one-time benefit from the portfolio transfer of Fireman's Fund business last year, total P&C net premiums were down about 1.5%. Commercial P&C net premiums written for North America were flat. International retail P&C was up 1.5%. International wholesale P&C was down 7% and Global Re was down 13%. Net premiums written for North America personal lives were down about 20%, or 5% excluding the one-time Fireman's Fund premium benefit last year. Excluding all of Fireman's Fund, so just imagining legacy ACE and Chubb personal lines, normalized premiums were in fact up. Given the softer market conditions and the underwriting actions we took due to the consolidation of our two companies, I consider our commercial P&C revenue results this quarter to be reasonably in line with our expectations. As I mentioned on recent calls, when we were planning the merger, we contemplated underwriting actions in certain portfolios not meeting our standards or risk appetite, that would reduce our net premium. These underwriting actions, which include either canceling or reinsuring that business, will improve our risk/reward profile and will continue this year and into 2017. In addition, we are choosing to utilize a greater level of reinsurance in certain classes. Altogether, these actions impacted net premium growth in the quarter by about 1.5 points. On the flip side of the coin, the strength of the combined organization, including cross-selling and the introduction of our total product portfolio to an expanded distribution base is beginning to show, and this contributed about 1.5 points of net premium growth in the quarter or about 13% of our North America retail commercial P&C new business growth. I'm going to give you some more detail on our revenue results and pricing by major division, beginning with North America. In our retail commercial P&C business that serves the middle market, net premiums were up 1.2%, with a renewal retention rate as measured by premium of 89.3%. The market continued to gradually soften. Overall renewal pricing was up about 0.5% in the quarter. General and specialty casualty-related pricing was down 0.9%, with workers comp down over 2% and general liability down 0.5%. Financial lines pricing was up 1% and property-related pricing was down 0.5%. Terms and conditions are generally holding, though we are noticing some erosion around the margins. New business writings for our middle market business were up 2% year-on-year. In our business serving large corporate customers and specialty E&S markets, what we call major accounts and specialty, net premiums were down just under 1%, with major accounts down 1% and Westchester E&S up 0.5%. For our retail major accounts business, the renewal retention rate as measured by premium was 90.6%. We are continuing to experience downward pressure on pricing; however, for lead layers, both primary and excess, where capabilities make a real difference, and there are only a few of us who can stand up to that, pricing conditions are less competitive than straight excess layers, where it's simply about capacity. Terms are conditions are generally holding in the major accounts customer segment. Pricing for the business we wrote was down 2.5%. General and specialty casualty-related pricing was up 0.5%. Financial lines pricing was down about 2.5%, particularly large account D&O, and property-related pricing was down 10%. New business writings on a gross premium basis were up in the quarter about 23%, driven largely by risk management, primary and lead excess, environmental liability and cash flow property, which by the way has very little net premium associated with it. The new business growth is a combination of flight to quality and a few major competitors exiting or reducing their exposures. In our North America personal lines business, normalized premiums were up about one point for the combined ACE and Chubb book of business, excluding Fireman's Fund. Overall rates were up 1.3% and exposure change was a positive 3.4%. Retentions remained quite strong, driven by the legacy Chubb and legacy ACE portfolios at over 95%. For the legacy Fireman's Fund portfolio, retentions were lower at 72%, driven by rate and non-renewal actions as we continue to convert the business to Chubb paper and some producers and customers choose instead to move to a cheaper, and in our judgment underpriced, option. These are a continuation of the actions we have taken since the start of the conversion last summer. Looking forward, and for your information, effective July 1, we have purchased additional reinsurance protection for our North America personal lines business. This will have an annualized impact on net written premium of approximately $250 million. We obtained excellent terms and judge the risk management and financial benefits to be clearly in the interest of the company, resulting in an improved net retained risk/reward profile. Net premiums for our agriculture business were down just over 1% in the quarter due to commodity prices, offset by growth in exposure. Turning to our overseas general insurance operations, as I mentioned earlier, net premiums written for our international retail P&C business were up in the quarter, 1.5% in constant dollar. While in our London market-based excess and surplus lines business, premiums were down 7%, due entirely to market conditions. Growth in our international retail business varied depending on territory and product. Asia Pacific was up 7%. Latin America was down 5%, mostly due to commercial P&C market conditions and personal lines in Brazil. Excluding Brazil, Latin America grew 1%. And Europe was flat, with the continent up 4% and the U.K. down 4%. From a product perspective, commercial P&C net premiums grew just over 1%, while personal lines grew 2%. It's worth noting we have chosen to exit the legacy Chubb Brazil high net worth auto business due to underwriting and took actions on this earlier in the year. Excluding that impact, our international personal lines business grew 5%. Overall renewal pricing, so for the business we wrote, for our international commercial P&C business was down 3%, consistent with our expectations and a stable, in fact slower, rate of decline relative to the 15-year. Property prices were down 5%, casualty was down 3% and financial lines were down 2%. Terms and conditions were largely in line with previous quarters. In our global A&H business, net premiums written in constant dollars were up over 3% in the quarter, including 5% growth in our combined insurance operations in North America. As I mentioned before, while early days, we are beginning to see tangible revenue growth as a result of the power of the new Chubb. We have very focused, deliberate efforts underway around the globe to promote both account cross-selling and product introduction to expanded distribution. We have specific targets and objectives, internal programs to educate colleagues about each other's products and services, and promotional campaigns. Some areas where you've seen early cross-selling success include environmental, healthcare, professional lines, workers comp, specialty casualty, transportation and agriculture, to name a few. John Keogh, John Lupica, Paul Krump, Juan Andrade can provide further color on the quarter, including current market conditions and pricing trends as well as examples of how the power of the firm is contributing to cross-selling success. Before I close, we remain on track with all of our integration plans and activities. We are meeting our milestones in terms of integration savings, support function expectations, underwriting and claims initiatives and growth initiatives. Our outstanding claims in risk engineering organization has not missed a beat during the integration, especially in light of the increased level of cats and continue to distinguish the firm in serving both our commercial and personal policyholders. Our people are continuing to knit themselves together and coalesce into one unified culture. In fact, most of our people are spending far less time on integration-related process and procedures and more and more of their time focused on serving their customers and distribution partners. With all that, I'll turn the call over to Phil and then we'll come back and take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Evan. We've completed the second quarter as a new Chubb and reached two milestones. Our total capital position now exceeds $60 billion and our cash and invested assets now exceed $100 billion. During the quarter, S&P reaffirmed our AA rating and upgraded our outlook from negative to stable and A.M. Best reaffirmed our A++ rating with a stable outlook and removed their Under Review designation. Adjusted investment income of $816 million for the quarter was slightly lower than our expectation because of lower than estimated private equity distributions. As Evan mentioned and as we discussed last quarter, we're on track to reposition the portfolio to enhanced returns without taking significant additional risk. However, based on the decline in investment deals during the second quarter, we are now expecting consolidated adjusted investment income to be in the range of $820 million to $830 million for the third quarter which compares to our most recent guidance of $830 million. This is subject to volatility in investment yields, prepayments in our mortgage-backed portfolio, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our portfolio continues to have an average AA rating and a duration of approximately four years. Our current book yield is 3.4% and new money rates are 2.3%. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $830 million pre-tax and include $933 million gain from the investment portfolio, primarily from the decline in interest rates, a $159 million mark-to-market loss on the VA portfolio, also primarily from the decline in interest rates and a $59 million gain from FX. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.1 billion. Tangible book value per share was up 6.1% reflecting our strong earnings and the net realized and unrealized gains I just mentioned. Net loss reserves increased $269 million for the quarter. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 93%. Adjusted for cat losses and prior period development, the ratio was 89%. As we announced, our catastrophe losses in the second quarter, net of reinsurance, were $390 million pre-tax or $311 million after-tax. Of the pre-tax total, $320 million was from natural catastrophes in North America, and $70 million was from events outside North America. We've included more details of where these losses were incurred in our supplement. Prior period reserve development was positive $301 million pre-tax and comprised $205 million from long-tail lines, principally from 2011 and prior, and $96 million from short-tail lines. Our tax rate on operating income for the quarter is 16.7%, which is in the range of the expected annual effective tax rate of 16% to 18%. Quarterly tax rates will vary based on where our income emerges. I'll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, and thank you. Thanks for all the details on the top line growth. Just wanted to focus on the North American personal P&C insurance. If you're excluding the Fireman's Fund one-time transfer, the overall premium like pro forma is down 5%. I was just wondering is that including sort of the, rather than the transfer for the legacy Fireman's Fund business as you re-underwrite that business and how long will it last? Because you've surely lost some and I just wonder at which point we could reach an inflection point on that?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Kai, I think I answered most of your question in my commentary, because I've said the Fireman's Fund ran a 72% retention rate. That's what impacted that 5% and excluding it we were up 1% and I gave you pricing and exposure numbers. The 72% was due to a couple of things. Non-renewal actions, we actually non-renewed a certain percentage of the portfolio and pricing action we took as we convert to the legacy Chubb/ACE pricing. When we take an expiring policy on Fireman's Fund paper and literally convert it to ACE or Chubb paper on our pricing, there is a very meaningful pricing differential in the majority of cases and that also impacted renewal retention rates. There are customers and producers who chose a cheaper option, and by the way, an awful lot of that was contemplated when we actually determined to make the purchase of the Fireman's Fund portfolio. So you have those things. This will continue through the third quarter and in the fourth quarter while it'll continue, it's on a far diminished basis and we expect a substantially higher renewal retention rate because it's on business that's on legacy ACE paper.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. And then the second question on the integration expense savings side. How much of the $275 million you guided for the 2016 was saved in the second quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's about $67 million.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: $67 million, okay.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then just looking forward, you have these cost savings, by my calculation if you lump them all into the underwriting results, probably come to anywhere between 1 point to 2.5 points of your...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That was your first mistake. You just counted them all into the underwriting.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. So let me rephrase it. I'll just say will these cost savings be enough to overcome the pricing pressure in order for you to maintain that or improve the margin going forward?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, that's a forward-looking statement and that's guessing everything that you can imagine about terms and conditions in pricing and renewal retention rates as we go forward. So that's guessing at market conditions. I think it's better to say that – by the way, the cost savings show up in operating expense line, they show up in the claims line, the portion that is UA (23:43) related, they show up in the acquisition line. So they show up in three different categories. What it is safe to say is, the expense savings will ameliorate any deterioration in underwriting margins. Whether it offsets it, we'll see how future years look.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, lastly if I may, is there any sort of impact from potential near-term and long-term impact from Brexit? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There is no near-term, and look, the long-term is going to depend on what's negotiated between the U.K. and the EU, which we don't know. You're all familiar with the term passporting and that would be the biggest impact to us, and in which case if passporting is not negotiated we will have a separate European sub which would have some capital implications. The exact amount I can't tell you, but we'll be able to handle it easily, and it'd have a modest amount of personnel impact as well. Not dramatic. I don't foresee a substantial impact, but let's wait and see what's negotiated.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Just following up on that a bit if I could, Evan, on the personal lines business, it sounds like then the comparisons by year-over-year basis get a little bit easier as the year progresses. There isn't a distortion like we saw in the second quarter. I just want to try to understand if that's exactly right and also how we should be thinking about the net impact on underwriting from the change in reinsurance. Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The change in reinsurance will improve the expense ratio in particular, and I'd say that. I'm not going to give the numbers. The third quarter will have less impact than the second quarter, because we don't have the one-time, and the one-time, the underwriting benefit, we had some in the third quarter and some in the fourth quarter last year as you recall. But it was much larger in the first quarter than in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So you get that, we had that positive pickup that wouldn't repeat in 2016 from Fireman's Fund and we disclosed that to you. And so you have those numbers, and you know those. The renewal conversion will have less of an impact in the third quarter than in the second quarter, but it'll still have an impact. And the fourth quarter will be dramatically less.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Okay, thanks for that. And then you mentioned Fireman's Fund as far as conversion. Can you talk a little bit about for the legacy ACE clients on the personal lines side? I'm guessing the premium also there will be higher than it was, maybe that's not true but I'm assuming it is. So maybe you could help on that. But has that impacted retention? And then for legacy Chubb agents, has there been any change in commission structure or are their commissions across legacy ACE and Chubb similar? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So the first part of your question I'm going to answer quickly and then I'm going to turn it over to Paul Krump.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But remember, a legacy ACE customer is renewed on legacy ACE paper. They remain. And a legacy Chubb customer is renewed on legacy Chubb paper. All new business is written on legacy Chubb, rates, terms and paper. Paul?
Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: Sure, Evan. And maybe just to put a sharper point on that because we do see a little bit of account rounding coming in on ACE paper as well, so somebody might be buying an excess policy above their homeowners and automobile. So there is a small amount of "new" business coming on to ACE paper, but that's from account rounding and it's not truly a new customer. You mentioned commissions. There's been really no change in the commission structure whatsoever. Our agents enjoy good commissions and our GSC program is alive and well.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so do you plan on then maintaining the two separate platforms, so legacy ACE – so that will continue in perpetuity for legacy ACE insureds? Or is it anticipated at some point you'll have one product, one brand?
Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: For the foreseeable future, we'll have the two platforms. Evan has mentioned in previous calls that we're always looking for new product and we're kicking around how we can improve the current masterpiece, which is really the Cadillac of products out there. And over time we will work on that, and I would foresee at that point that there would be a conversion.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess just to follow up on the reinsurance discussion. We were curious, does the increase in the reinsurance spend allow for a broader strategic growth opportunity? Or does it really just improve the risk profile and profitability of the existing book?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It does both.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Any interest in elaborating further?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. I guess my other follow-up for Evan is just on where we are I guess in terms of tangible book. I noticed tangible equity's grown about $1.6 billion since March, and I think Evan has said in the past that one of his goals with this deal is to get tangible book value, I know it's per share, back to where it was prior to the deal. But we were just wondering, how important is it to get the tangible book value per share back to where it was prior to the deal before considering further deployment of capital, either through M&A or buyback?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Ryan, we're on track to do that. Our own projections when we originally did the deal was, from memory, 3.5 years, or under 3.5 years. Our updated projections hold us right on track with that, and growing tangible is important to us. That's a balance sheet, quality of balance sheet question to us. You can pay claims out of tangible capital and it's your most constraining factor financially, is tangible. So growth in tangible is important to us. On the other side of the coin, we will generate, depending on if, you can't predict conditions, you can't predict losses precisely, but our own projections, if they hold, we will generate capital flexibility as well. So I think that's about as far as I want to go with that.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So, it's safe to say that if at some point you were comfortable with the risk profile and the rating agencies were comfortable with the risk profile of the business, you'd potentially be willing to extend that 3.5-year goal out further if there were an accretive opportunity?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. I am not willing to extend that 3.5-year goal out further. No. That's a misunderstanding. We can achieve that 3.5-year goal and at the same time, we will generate surplus capital.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And capital flexibility. Remember, I called out (32:39) capital flexibility. We like having capital flexibility. That's a good thing, and we're in the risk business and we're also a growth company in terms of book value. We like having capital flexibility on our balance sheet.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sarah DeWitt of JPMorgan.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Congratulations on a good quarter. I was just wondering, first, if you could just elaborate a bit more on the cross-selling opportunities. I appreciate the marks, but if you could give some specific examples I think that would be really helpful.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great. And thank you, Sarah. I'm going to actually ask John Keogh to elaborate on those, and John Lupica or Paul Krump or Juan Andrade may want to pile in.
John W. Keogh - Executive Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Sure, and, Sarah, it's John Keogh. Listen, there's a bunch of examples I can give you, and Evan mentioned where we're seeing it in terms of the products. Maybe I'll give you one which I think kind of speaks to the strength of the two companies coming together in a piece of business we wrote this quarter that was worth a couple of million dollars of premium. And it was a relationship that legacy Chubb had, a very strong relationship going back for a number of years through their D&O position as a lead D&O carrier, and also in excess liability. The client is in the nursing home business, a large nursing home chain, legacy Chubb had chosen to stay out of the medical liability business over the years. Legacy ACE, we've been in that business for a long time, know it well, have done well in it. Knowing the client well, knowing the producer well, we went and had a conversation about their coverage for medical liability. Given the relationship they enjoyed with legacy Chubb, they were more than happy to talk to us about that, and that resulted in us writing them medical liability for a couple of million dollars of premium that I think we probably would not have written but for the two companies coming together.
John Joseph Lupica - Vice Chairman, Chubb Limited / Chubb Group; President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance: Sarah, this is John Lupica. If I can just say from a branch and regional office standpoint, it's awesome to see this company come together. We have 48 branches that are really learning from one another and the momentum we're picking up is just terrific. We have policies in place with dual declination, so people get to see each other's opportunities. So we know each other's appetite. The product that ACE is bringing to the table is terrific. The capabilities Chubb's bringing to the table is awesome. One example is we have a large risk management business out of a satellite office that came from an agent that wasn't even appointed on the ACE producer list. And this agent had a house account that was introduced to the ACE risk management team and our ESIS claims team. We took a small, single specialty line that Chubb had written on the financial lines and turned that into a $6.5 million relationship by being able to write the comp, GL, auto and claims, all on a clash flow basis. Again, from an office we didn't have presence in and an agent we didn't have licensed, just terrific.
Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: I'll probably add just a little bit. As I watch that people travel together and understand each other's appetite, Evan calls it knitting the organization together, we're seeing every day in the middle market lots of opportunities. I heard about one this week out in Chicago where we were traveling to an agent that was appointed by legacy Chubb and just wanted to meet some of the legacy ACE underwriters, and they walked away with a $221,000 account just because they did not understand ACE's appetite obviously from the past. But we're very excited about the opportunity to learn more, and just in the course of the last two days resulted in a $221,000 account.
Juan C. Andrade - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, Overseas General Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: Sarah, and this is Juan Andrade speaking for the international side. I think our theme is very much the same where particularly in places like Continental Europe, the U.K. and Asia Pacific, we've been very successful in cross-selling legacy ACE's property products into legacy Chubb's casualty portfolio. In addition to that, also bringing in legacy ACE's cyber products into the legacy Chubb financial lines portfolio. And probably the last example I would give has to do with our large account multinational business where now with the legacy Chubb workers compensation capability in the U.S., we're able to better round our multinational products for those companies.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You got a mouthful there, Sarah.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. On page eight of the supplement, it shows total commercial P&C on a constant dollar basis being down just 0.5%. I was trying to get some perspective on how that result compares to your expectations at this point in the integration?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pretty much in line with our expectation. I gave you the color that we were down around 1.5%, we had an impact of about 1.5% negative growth due to actions we took related to the combined portfolio as we did the merger. And that is around underwriting actions that we had contemplated, either non-renewal or purchasing reinsurance protections. And that is in line – additionally we did, because the market is soft, we did also take some underwriting actions a little bit above what we might have and related around reinsurance as well where we judge the risk/reward. So, altogether, and that's what I said in the commentary, it makes good sense to me. Our renewal retention rates have remained very high, very good. And I've got to tell you, you look at the middle market business at 89.5%, that's high. That's a very good renewal retention rate which in the middle market commercial business in the United States today, the pattern is everyone who's responsible is trying to hold on to their renewals and there is less drive for new business. Among those who really do have the data, have the presence, have good underwriting, there is a bunch of smaller wannabes who are doing some crazy things to, and I think fairly desperate things, to show growth and write new business. That's just normal stuff, nothing to do with the integration. And in our large account business, we ran over a 90% retention rate. Excellent. So what do you have? A high retention rate in the commercial businesses with good underwriting, underwriting action that we have taken to improve risk/reward that we contemplated, and some actions that we took that impact net premium but improve our risk/reward based on soft market conditions. Feeling pretty good to me.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's great. Thanks, Evan. And then I had a couple of quick ones for Phil. So, for the net investment income of $820 million to $830 million in the third quarter, would that have any impact on quarters beyond that as well?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In the last call we talked about a range of $820 million to $840 million, and we saw that as a view over the rest of the year and thinking that in the second quarter we'd be closer to the lower end of that range and in the fourth quarter we'd be closer to the higher end of that range. At this point we've said, look, we really can't foresee what interest rates are going to do much beyond the third quarter, so we've decided to limit our guidance to the $820 million to $830 million for the third quarter alone.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then finally on debt-to-capital, it's already down to 22% taking into account AOCI which had a gain in the second quarter. Can you remind us what your goals are relative to financial leverage?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Our leverage at this point is fine. From a rating agency standpoint, from any measure, our leverage is fine. I expect that as we continue to grow our capital base, just naturally that will decrease, but we're within our range.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. I wanted to ask a question on the middle markets business. (42:28) and they were commenting that they thought that the new Chubb was expanding terms and conditions and the types of customers you take on in a fairly significant way. But I guess the question is, is that true? And if it is, if you could talk to the extent that that's happening in the market?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'll talk a little bit about it but we're not going to give a roadmap to everybody out there. Paul, go ahead.
Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, North America Commercial and Personal Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: Yes, Paul, I would unpack that a little bit. You really have two thoughts going there. One is appetite, and I would suggest to you that the two companies have come together and have very complementary appetites. Legacy ACE is bringing a lot of skill in areas that legacy Chubb didn't have. For example, cyber or environmental. And we are certainly cross-selling and taking advantage of those new skills. So, yes, there's been an absolute increase in the Chubb appetite if you think about legacy Chubb in the middle market space. So accident and health would be another one where we are cross-selling. If you are talking about terms and conditions, I think Evan said it in his remarks, that we're seeing a slight erosion around the margin, in particular around cat. Flood, we're seeing people lower deductibles for the same premiums or increasing the sub-limits around quake. We are resisting that as best we possibly can. We are not in the business of under-pricing exposure, so we're trying to be as disciplined as we possibly can in this marketplace.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: And then I have sort of an unrelated question, but a broader one. Obviously, you put two big companies together and you have an executive leave because there's only one slot. Do you think we're pretty much through the period of time where we're going to see continuous headlines like we have in the past from people leaving and going else – is that process largely finished? More of a headline risk I guess that we sort of suffered through, wondering if you think we're done with that?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, frankly, the words you're choosing to use, I don't even relate to most of those. So it's too much time and gossip. We have lost, since the acquisition was announced on the legacy Chubb side, so in over a year, we lost at middle level ranks, 60 people. We lost about 30 to 35 people we didn't want to lose. Now, that grinds on me, however that is out of 31,000 people around the world, that is not a very big number, and word exodus of people, large numbers of this or that, I don't even relate to that. The stability is tremendous and the depth of talent here is great. And somebody steps out, now I'll tell you what, there is someone else eager to take that opportunity and move along.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: That's fair enough. Sorry for the poor choice of words, but thank you for the comments.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, what can I tell you, but I take it personally. This is personal.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks, again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I have a follow-up on the cross-selling and the example that was given that was really helpful I think on the nursing home and the medical liability.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll be ready for you, Charles, when you get there.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Wanted to get a little deeper on how that works internally. So you have different underwriters that have different background and the products that are so large. So how does the Chubb D&O underwriter and the medical liability underwriter get together to understand – how does that work internally to put those pieces together to realize or recognize that opportunity is there? Or is that on the agent or broker to kind of piece that together?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know. It's both. First of all, that's the management job to begin with. A, it's organization structure and then it is management activity. So product lines that you take the medical liability area. The person in charge of medical liability is now in charge of our whole medical practice group, and we know that there has been legacy Chubb had a large appetite on the property side for that business, it had a great practice. And so those people become part of a common unit and they begin that unit at underwriting, at the underwriting side and they put together lists of common risks where everyone would play. And then that moves down to our underwriters in the regions who understand that and they're caused to come together in that practice group, and then their movement into the branches where we have salespeople and agent relationship people who get educated. And the underwriters go out with them and they visit producers that have that business in those portfolios of it, and then management feedback because if you can't count it, it ain't worth doing, and so you've got targets and objectives, both financial and non-financial. In the beginning, it's non-financial, because it's activity-related. It's related around internal activities of how people organize and how they're educating each other and how they're doing discovery. And then that turns into an offering and then you start moving that into submissions, and then those submissions move into quotes and then those quotes move into bound business and you are measuring that. Now you have entered our life.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. And I guess one other question, more industry-based. It seems like there's growing appetite in the marketplace of people looking to get into trade credit and political risk. Curious if that's your take on what's going on in the market and any commentary on what's going on in those product lines where that may be the case, knowing that that's something you guys have done for a long time.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, it's not new. There have been people entering this for the last five years, you've seen more entering the marketplace there; a lot of wannabes, small facilities, one underwriter and a little bit of capital, and not a real franchise. You see more people trying to enter now only because – listen, they're scratching for business. They don't want to shrink their – they think growth and just the top line equals strength. They want to show more franchise capabilities, so they begin entering the market. Just look at the world today and imagine to yourself, which I think is the background of your question. Is this a brilliant time to enter the trade credit or political risk business? Interest rates at record lows, $11 trillion in negative rates, invested in negative spreads. You have real rates, you have a world awash in capital, tremendous amount of misallocation of capital. And with all that you have a world growing below trend economically and slowing down more, protectionism growing and geopolitical risk everywhere. Sounds like a brilliant time to get into that business, by the way, where rates are at a – not a record low, but are certainly at a low point. I wish them a lot of luck, because that's all they've got going for them.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Hi. Thanks. First, can I just get a clarification? Phil, when you talked about the $67 million of cost saves achieved, was that cumulative or was that just for the quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's the amount realized from an accounting standpoint in the second quarter.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay, so the year-to-date then is closer to about $100 million?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, that's right. We had about $40 million in the first quarter.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it. Okay. And then just one quick clarification on the personal lines reinsurance, I assume that's a quota share for that size of premium?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's about as far as I'm going to go.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a bigger picture question...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't talk about our reinsurance. Those are privately negotiated and I know people – there are others who will talk about their reinsurance placements as a matter of practice, Ian, so I'm not trying to be rude. As a matter of practice, we just don't talk about it.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: No, that's all right. That's okay. I was just trying to take a better guess on the modeling side, if I need to adjust cat loads or anything like that. And then just a bigger picture...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That was an intelligent thought right there, by the way; very intelligent thought.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: I tried. Then my bigger picture question, I thought I'd give you a platform if you want to use it. Following up on the Brexit question and what we're having here with the election, the world seems to be turning more anti-trade, anti-globalization. Chubb is obviously a big global insurance company. What ramifications are there if the world does go that way, and just what sort of things do you think about and worry about if we continue down this protectionist, populist path?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Ian, that is the right question. The United States is a leader in the democratic, liberal-minded free world. We have a responsibility in that leadership. And we have been absent from the stage of late. We, as a country, recognize the price we seem to pay for that leadership. But we hardly recognize the benefits, that are enormous, that we gain as a country because the world is hardwired, since World War II, to advantage the United States. And the benefits to our economy and GDP and the benefits in terms of stability, where – economies don't flourish but with stability and predictability. And so it's worrisome. And the growing protectionism is worrisome. And the only way you move past that is with leadership, and it's political leadership. Central banks can't help you with this. And protectionism, we all get what that does. At the end of the day, it's beggar-thy-neighbor and the pie grows smaller. The pie doesn't grow bigger. And if you want to feed those who are disadvantaged and you want to provide them opportunities and you want a more prosperous world, you need to be able to afford it. And the only way is through growth. And growth in trade and growth in global trade, where each can bring and use its comparative advantage, that has served the world well. And the way we're vilifying it and somehow re-trading on the past and characterizing it that trade has been evil and has damaged our country and has damaged the world is just so misguided. And then to add to that, that immigration is somehow our enemy is, again, misguided populism and feeding on the suffering of those who may vote. So you get where I stand clearly.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Well said. Well said. So just as a follow-up, does it change your appetite at all for – when you're looking at maybe possible acquisitions overseas or putting more capital to grow certain countries, do you hesitate in certain parts of the world now?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Ian, I hesitate wherever it's hostile.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Yes.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I give it thought. And obviously you go where you think the opportunity is. And if the opportunity looks more hostile, you're going to hesitate, you're going to wait, you're not going to rush. Even if you think longer-term, it's like, well, am I in a hurry right now, or do I have a year or two to wait? And you see lots of places around the world that way, as economic growth slows, insurance growth slows. That's the way it is, and so you adjust accordingly.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it. Appreciate the thoughts, thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And we go next to Larry Greenberg of Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi. Good morning. I was going to try to push you a little bit further on the reinsurance, but I get the sense that's probably not a good idea.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you got it. I mean, you can push, but you're not going to get anywhere.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Let me just – so just from a modeling standpoint, since you gave me the opening. So we've got premiums going down and we've got the expense ratio going down. It seems under normal conditions the premium decline would more than offset the expense ratio decline. And I know we get into questions of is this tail coverage, is this more attritional loss coverage, but is there anything you could help us with in that equation?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we each have our own hell to live in, and the only thing I could tell you is, is that we think we're pretty good analysts. We think we understand our business pretty well, and we are thoughtful when we make trades and transactions, and we plan for the long-term, not just short-term opportunistic. And we understand how to measure risk/reward. We're fiduciaries of shareholder money, and we're going to exercise that fiduciary responsibility carefully. And so when we make any trades or any transactions like that we do all the analysis. And as I said earlier, the risk/reward is in our benefit.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then, just reconciling...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Didn't help your model, I know that.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: No, no. Not at all, but that's okay. So you said that cats in the quarter were $100 million or so higher than you would have contemplated before. And you also said that industry-wide, cats were kind of in line with history but above near-term recent performance. So I'm just trying to reconcile, you know, that $100 million and looking forward and I know that personal lines reinsurance thing is going to change this a little bit. But was your cat assumption too low relative to history and would you adjust that at all at this point?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so. And (60:29) what the companies and the two companies' historic averages are so they each have a different basis and remember I was looking at – I gave a worldwide average of industry that way. So you know you've got a little bit of chalk and cheese there when you're thinking about that, but where I link them is directionally when I look at the industry losses, even though they were more elevated, but historic – and I look at our share of them and relative to our share of business, et cetera, they didn't throw me at all. It made good sense to me, number one. Number two, you saw the Global Re , actually had a part of cat losses in the quarter. And you know, they've been relatively quiet. They sell cat excess, we have for many, many years. And so, you know, you get the natural volatility of reinsurance that way, your reinsurance portfolio and they've done very well, by the way, and that business of ours. And so they contributed $50 million or $60 million to that increase. And it was above what they would have expected, but it's cat excess, so, what do you know. If I look at what we would have anticipated in the quarter, legacy ACE by itself would have been about five points of earned premium in the quarter would have been an expected – the two companies together now, about 5.75 points of earned premium. So the volatility signature hasn't really changed. So anyway, maybe that gives you a little color around it.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. As we get to the back half of the year, both companies do their asbestos analyses. I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on different procedures or a different approach or a concept of merging those two, sort of, processes together as we go through that.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, one company is under a statutory order and that is the Brandywine which is runoff. And so the State of Pennsylvania has an external review while we do our own internal and we do our own internal annually anyway. And legacy Chubb has done an annual review and we're bringing those two together. And by the way, it's on the margin what the differences are between the two in approach. Very, very similar, but it's a unified team that will – management team that will oversight the two together. That's it.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the seasonality, that's a 3Q situation for everyone?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, it's a fourth quarter.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Fourth quarter. Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We do environmental in the third quarter, asbestos in the fourth quarter.
Unknown Speaker: That's right.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. All my other questions are answered.
Operator: And we turn next to Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks, Evan. A couple of questions here. First one, last quarter you talked a little bit about small commercial opportunity in the U.S. I noticed this quarter U.K., Ireland, a new product, some other stuff in Europe. Can you talk about what the SME opportunity is for you guys now that the combined Chubb here in Europe?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Juan, you want to just touch on it?
Juan C. Andrade - Executive Vice President, Chubb Group & President, Overseas General Insurance, Chubb Ltd.: Sure. So, Brian, I think for us, the SME opportunity outside of the United States is also pretty significant. If you look at just the number of enterprises that are out there that really would fall into that category, there's a significant amount of premium. We've had an ongoing strategy in legacy ACE, I would say over the last six years, to really target that space. And initially we started in developing markets, particularly in Asia and Latin America, and frankly we've been pretty successful in growing that business profitably. The emerging markets business is simpler. Basically small property-type packages, some liability, et cetera. In the U.K. and in Continental Europe with the distribution that legacy Chubb is bringing, we're now expanding some of those capabilities as well. And that's probably what you have seen in maybe some of the press releases that you may have been referring to is the fact that we're rolling out new product and new capability especially around specialty products. Small D&O, small environmental, that sort of thing, really to target the smaller enterprises in the U.K. and the continent.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that gets around packages, traditional packages, we're adding specialty coverages to them. We're after industry verticals the same way we do in the U.S. But understand that these are small premiums per policy. And so to move the stick and really grow a volume takes years of patience. So, it's not something we're going to discuss every quarter. And it's one of those things that we'll polish it in the basement and we'll march out with it. It's looking pretty good there.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then one other quick question here for you, Evan, another topic with the elections here coming up. Tort environment, what are your kind of thoughts on the tort environment? We've got a new Supreme Court Justice that's going to have to be put in place here. Are you seeing anything that anywhere is alarmist right now with respect to trend in the tort environment in the U.S.? What are your thoughts going forward?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The tort environment is reasonably stable. There are hostile trends. There are rulings that we have noticed over the last year or two years, particularly in labor and labor-related liability, depending on the state because it's state-based, not Federal, workers comp, and which is again labor-related and that more in the main. On the other side of the coin, the Federal Courts and particularly the Supreme Court has been pretty friendly in its rulings more favorable for corporate. And when you look at class actions and security class actions-related rulings, those have been favorable. Look, you look forward, depending on who's elected, we could see a more liberal turn to the courts. And think that would ultimately be hostile to tort and for insurance.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: And we have time for just one more person to ask question, please.
Operator: And we'll take that final question from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Evan, can you explain why the actions you're taking on legacy Fireman's Fund wouldn't necessarily work in Brazil, leading to the decision to sort of exit that high net worth market?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Say that again, excuse me.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. You talked about how you're exiting the high net worth personal lines market in Brazil. And I'm wondering why the same sort of actions that you're taking on Fireman's Fund – on legacy Fireman's Fund business aren't applicable there?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Sure. It's the automobile business. If you look at structurally how Brazil works, there's two or three very large players who dominate the marketplace. And number one – and they have such an advantage in terms of distribution, claims management, data, et cetera. And high net worth auto in Brazil is code word for simply very high valued automobiles, and by the way, a lot of sports cars. You may not know this, but I think the second city in the world with the greatest number of Ferraris is São Paulo, and that's just a parlor statistic for you. And the ability to be able to price that business, manage it well and have a business that is of a large enough size because the definition of high net worth in Brazil relative to high net worth, say in the United States, is so different. In the U.S., a fraction of our portfolio is automobile. Most of it is homeowners, jewelry, art, furnishings, it's a much broader portfolio. Auto is a minority portion of it. You get to Brazil, there is no high valued homeowners per se, and insuring all the rest, very tiny market. So it's the reverse. You end up with an automobile portfolio that is very, in a sense, anti-selected and hard to manage and that you don't get paid for and you don't have the benefits of all the rest. So there is an underwriting tutorial, Meyer, 101.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Yes. That's helpful and I did not know that about the Ferraris. In the aggregate, I guess this is a question for Phil, was there an FX impact to EPS in the quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. It was about $6 million to underwriting and $10 million to bottom line.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then is there a run rate for the other income that we can anticipate?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. I think what I'll do, if you don't mind, we take that offline and I'll take you through the documents that we've put out that show the amortization of the intangibles and all of that, right? So we can help you with that.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Helen Wilson for any additional or closing remarks.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's presentation. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President - Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd. Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Sean Ringsted - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer & Chief Actuary, Chubb, Ltd.
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee CRT Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Please stand by, we are about to begin. Good day and welcome to Chubb Limited First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President - Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you, and welcome to our March 31, 2016 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions including foreign exchange, and completion and integration of acquisitions including our acquisition of the Chubb Corporation, and potential synergies, savings and commercial and investment benefits we may realize. All of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. This is our first quarterly earnings report for the combined company, the new Chubb. As you know, we closed the merger of the Chubb Corporation during the quarter, the largest P&C insurance transaction ever done. Our earnings for the quarter were very good, while our premium revenue results were somewhat impacted by market conditions, foreign exchange and the merger, and I will explain. On a reported basis, after-tax operating income for the quarter was over $1 billion or $2.26 per share, compared to $2.25 per share prior year. Since we closed on January 14, our reported results are missing two weeks of legacy Chubb earnings. For comparison purposes, when adjusted for that two-week stub period, operating income was, in fact, $2.29 per share as compared to $2.25 last year, quite good. When discussing our underwriting results and premium growth and to give you greater visibility into the underlying health of the company, it's more insightful for you and relevant if we compare the new Chubb, excluding purchase accounting and one-time merger-related items that distort underwriting, to the 2015-year first quarter, as if we were one company since January 1, 2015. As an operator, this is the way I look at our results. Therefore, on pro forma apples-to-apples basis, the new Chubb produced simply excellent underwriting results, highlighted by a calendar year P&C combined ratio of 88.9% and $720 million of P&C underwriting income. That was up 23% from prior-year first quarter. The P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe losses, was 88.8%. Pre-tax cat losses of $258 million in the quarter were lower than pro forma prior year by $57 million. Positive prior-period reserve development of $247 million pre-tax was up $55 million versus prior year. Both global P&C, which excludes agriculture, and our agriculture business produced excellent calendar year and accident year underwriting results. Net investment income for the full quarter was $812 million, again on a pro forma basis. This is a good result given the continued impact of foreign exchange and low interest rates, and it was right in line with our expectations. Book value per share was up 10% in the quarter and stands at $98.85, while per-share tangible book value declined as expected, reflecting the dilution from the acquisition. If the acquisition had closed December 31 – so, again, on a pro forma basis – tangible book grew 4%. Our annualized operating ROE for the quarter was 10.2%. Phil will have more to say about the investment portfolio, tangible book value, as well as prior-period reserve development and cat. Turning to revenue growth for the quarter, on a pro forma basis, global P&C net premiums written, which excludes agriculture, were down 1% in constant dollars or $65 million. Foreign exchange impacted premium revenue results in the quarter by about 4 points. Renewal retention rates were very good, so the impact to growth was mostly new-business related. As expected, market conditions have grown more competitive around the globe, and that impacted us. I will speak about that later. With the acquisition closing mid-January, there were also many merger-related activities in the fourth quarter and January/February, with employees focused on executing integration and learning the new organization. However, we are moving past this and will continue to do so. We had improved new-business growth in March and then April. Momentum is building, and to the extent premium revenue was impacted by the integration, we are expecting improved growth. Let me give you some more detail of our pro forma premium revenue results by major division, beginning with North America. For all of North America, including our commercial P&C business, agriculture and personal lines, net premiums written were down about 1.8% in the quarter. Let me break that down. In our retail commercial P&C business that serves the middle market and small commercial enterprises, net premiums were down 2%. The renewal retention rate as measured by premium was a solid 87%. Renewal pricing was flat in the quarter, and both exposure growth and rates were essentially flat. General and specialty casualty-related pricing was down 1%, financial lines pricing was up about 2%, and property-related pricing was down 1%. New business writings were down 4% year-on-year. In our businesses serving large corporate customers and specialty E&S markets, what we collectively call Major Accounts & Specialty, net premiums were down 5%. For our retail broker distributed Major Accounts business, the renewal retention rate as measured by premium was a very strong 91.5%. Pricing for the business we wrote overall was down 1%. General and specialty casualty related pricing was down about 0.5%. Financial lines pricing was down 2%. And property-related pricing was down about 4.5%. New business writings were down 32% year-on-year, impacted by market conditions, plus merger-related focus, particularly again in January/February. New business activity in this division has, in fact, improved in March and April. Our North America personal lines business had a reasonably good quarter, with net premiums up 7.5% in constant dollars. Excluding the impact of Fireman's Fund, growth was over 3%. Rates were up 1%, and exposure change was a positive 3.7%. Net premiums for our agriculture business were down 27% in the quarter, primarily due to the premium gain/loss sharing formulas with the U.S. government for the 2015 crop year, which, by the way, was an excellent underwriting year. In fact, as we begin this year's growing season, and as far as we can tell, we have gained market share, and the number of farms we will be insuring may very well be at an all-time high. Turning to our international business, results were pretty good, and in fact better than we planned. Net premiums written for our global retail P&C business were up in the quarter nearly 4% in constant dollars. Growth varied depending on territory and product. Asia Pacific was up 6%, Latin America was up 4%, and Europe was up 2%. From a product perspective, commercial P&C net premiums grew just over 1%, which was a bit slower than expected. A&H grew 3%, and personal lines grew a strong 12%. In our London market-based E&S – Excess and Surplus lines business – premiums were down 12% due totally to market conditions. Just as an FYI, as contemplated by us when we initially planned the merger, in 2016 and 2017 we plan to shed or shrink net written premiums in certain portfolios, simply because we cannot earn adequate underwriting returns or because we want to reduce net cat-related exposures. These actions will benefit both the returns and the risk/reward profile of the company. We will update you periodically as to the impact this has on our net written premium growth rates. This will be in addition to the business-as-usual underwriting actions we take as market conditions warrant. Concerning market conditions, we are seeing a really great response from agents, brokers and customers all over the world and in all regions of the U.S. about the new Chubb. On the one hand, for agents, the combination of our commitment to the independent agency system, the service levels and attention they are experiencing, and the new products and capabilities we are and plan to bring to them are creating a lot of excitement and goodwill. For brokers and large-account clients, the size and quality of our balance sheet, our enhanced global capabilities (both service- and product-related), our consistency and focus in contrast to the problems they are experiencing with others, are all attracting more opportunity and our pipeline is building. I might add, the continuity of the employees our agents and brokers are working with at the local, regional and home office levels is both confidence-building and much valued by both our agents and brokers. This includes our outstanding claims and loss control organization, which hasn't missed a beat in terms of responsiveness. The pricing environment continues to grow incrementally more competitive, particularly in shorter tail lines. And, again, it really varied depending on the territory, line of business, and size of risk. As noted in prior quarters, large account business, particularly shared and layered, is more competitive than mid-sized, wholesale is more competitive than retail, and property is certainly more competitive than casualty-related, though casualty pricing in the main is not keeping pace with loss cost trends. None of this is a surprise. During the quarter, for our large middle-market commercial business, pricing was marginally better than we had anticipated, and for Major Accounts, about in line with expectations. John Keogh, John Lupica, Juan Andrade, and Paul Krump can provide further color on the quarter and current market conditions and pricing trends. On another subject, namely integration-related savings and the one-time costs associated with realizing them, as we continue to do our work, we are providing an update to our initial disclosures regarding value creation and efficiencies. In terms of integration-related savings, we are now projecting to exceed our original target of $650 million, or $610 million at current foreign exchange rates, and expect an annualized run rate of approximately $750 million by year-end 2018. Total one-time costs related to the merger are expected to be $811 million and consist of one-time expenses of $525 million directly attributable to achieving the $750 million savings and other one-time expenses of $286 million related to the merger, such as transaction costs, branding and employee retention costs. In addition, as a result of the merger, by the fourth quarter we are also now projecting an improvement to our annualized investment income run rate of $100 million to $120 million in what we would otherwise earn as we improve investment portfolio management. Phil will have more to say, including the timing by year for achieving integration-related savings and the related costs, as well as the timing for achieving the improved investment income run rate and how you should think about that. We are on track with all of our integration plans, including organization structure, process, people, technology, and growth initiatives, which are at a very early stage. Integration is going as expected, including cultural integration, which is going well. As we've said from the beginning, you don't just wave a wand and put two strong cultures together. It takes some time. It's a process that you pay attention to, that you care about and that you lead. While there are some differences between our two cultures, they are not profound. We are far more alike than different. As we focus on day-to-day business activities, we are breeding familiarity and knitting ourselves together at every level of the company. All employees, starting with leadership, are invested and paying attention. Our organization is stable, and in fact it is doing well. Our people are more and more engaged and focused on serving clients, writing business, and overall value creation. Again, client retention is excellent and customer and distribution partner reception in the marketplace has been outstanding. In sum, we're off to a really good start, and the value creation that will come from our company is greater than we imagined when we announced the acquisition. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Phil, and then we're going to come back and we're going to take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Evan. This is our first quarter as the new Chubb, and we're starting out in an exceptionally strong financial position. We have a very strong balance sheet to support our business activities around the globe, with total capital exceeding $59 billion. Our loss reserves are conservative and in great shape. We have a $99 billion portfolio of cash and investments that's highly-rated and liquid, and we're generating substantial positive cash flow. Adjusted net investment income was $767 million in the quarter. This was within our expectations when factoring in the 14 days of investment income prior to the close of the acquisition on January 14, which amounts to approximately $45 million. As Evan noted, we've analyzed the investment portfolio and believe that through more active management we can raise the run rate of investment income higher than it otherwise would have been by approximately $100 million to $120 million annually without taking any significant additional risk. We plan to maintain a high level of quality with our AA rating and keep duration at approximately four years. This increase in investment income, together with future operating cash flow, will help to offset the natural impact of reinvestment at lower new-money rates. Our current book yield on the portfolio is 3.4% and new money rates are 2.5%. Before the improvements in investment portfolio management, we would have expected quarterly investment income to be in the range of $790 million to $810 million. Now, with the improvements, we expect quarterly investment income to be in the range of $820 million to $840 million for the balance of the year. As a reminder, the estimated investment income run rate is subject to variability in portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $952 million pre-tax and include a $846 million gain from the investment portfolio, primarily from the decline in interest rates; a $244 million mark-to-market loss on our VA portfolio, also primarily from the decline in interest rates; and a $350 million gain from FX. Before you ask, hedge fund investments represent less than 0.5% of our portfolio. They have never been a significant part of our strategy. Operating cash flow for the quarter was a little over $1 billion, and $1.3 billion when adjusted for the 14-day stub period and one-time merger-related costs. Tangible book value per share was down 25.5%, reflecting the expected dilution of 29% at the acquisition close, offset by our strong earnings and the net realized and unrealized gains I just mentioned. Net loss reserves increased $21.4 billion for the quarter, largely due to the Chubb acquisition. On a pro forma basis, loss reserves increased $125 million, adjusting for foreign exchange. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 97%. Adjusting for cat losses and prior-period development, the ratio was 92%. Cat losses for the quarter were $258 million pre-tax, primarily from U.S. weather events. Prior- period reserve development was positive $247 million pre-tax, and comprised $135 million from long-tail lines, principally from 2010 and prior, and $112 million from short-tail lines. The positive short-tail development includes $41 million relating to agriculture for the settlement of the 2015 crop year. Our Life segment earnings were negatively impacted by $9 million after-tax of unfavorable claim reserve development in our U.S. combined insurance operations and the run-off of our VA reinsurance book. Our press release includes a table showing our expectations for the amount and timing of the recognition of integration savings and one-time integration expenses over the 2016, 2017 and 2018 years. We also include the annualized run rate for savings we will achieve by the end of each year. For 2016, we expect the expenses to be weighted more heavily to the first half of the year and the savings to be weighted to the second half. Our tax rate on operating income from the quarter is 16.5%, which is in the range of the expected annual effective tax rate of 16% to 18%. Quarterly tax rates will vary based on where our income emerges. For example, the first quarter tax rate is at the low end of the range due to the timing of the integration savings, which again are weighted to the second half of the year, and front-end purchase accounting amortization. As additional color, embedded in our annual effective tax rate estimate is the impact of our higher debt leverage. As part of the transaction, we have an intercompany loan that benefits our tax expense by $19 million in the quarter. We are comfortable that the loan will not be affected by the recent treasury guidelines. The combination of our internal and external financing of the Chubb acquisition favorably impacts the annual effective tax rate by approximately 2 points, which is contemplated in the range that I noted. Lastly, I'll point out that we have added some disclosures this quarter as highlighted in our 8-K filing last week. We now show our North America Personal Lines business as a separate segment, and we're providing premium information for the regions of our Overseas General Insurance segment. We plan to provide a global line of business written premium chart in the second quarter. We have also provided pro forma underwriting information for 2016 and 2015 that shows 2016 without purchase accounting adjustments related to the Chubb transaction, and includes the 14 days of January before the acquisition closing for comparative purposes. As a reminder, when estimating our net written premium growth for the second quarter, last year's quarter included $252 million of one-time benefit from Fireman's Fund that will not repeat. Therefore, when Evan referenced improved net written premium growth that we expect in the second quarter, that growth is over a 2015 base that does not include the one-time Fireman's Fund benefit. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President - Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go first to Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thank you. First question is on the expected merger synergy about – raised to $750 million. And also the pace of the realization seems faster than originally anticipated. So, could you give more detail about so why it's bigger now, and what's the difference from what you'd previously anticipated, as well as the pace of it?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, the pace of it, you already have. We gave you a chart that shows you, by year, the annualized and the realized of the expenses, I don't think anybody gives you that. And so you have that clarity already. The $750 million – the increase, it doesn't come from one place. It comes from actually many places. As we've simply done more ground-up detailed work, it comes from operations all over the world, and it's more focused in support operations and back-room than it is in any front-room activities.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Outside these merger synergy and increased investment income, are there other areas you think there could potential opportunities for the combined entity?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. We will update you periodically if anything materially emerges beyond that. I think the real ultimate benefits, which take time, and which are really the vision of it, is revenue-related growth synergies, and those are at a very, very early stage, but we're already beginning to see benefits there in terms of the increased product capabilities we bring to customers at distribution.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Then to just follow up on that, potential revenue growth opportunities, could you talk a little bit more about sort of three specific area in terms of high net worth and also middle market commercial lines, as well as international opportunities?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In high net worth, what did you want me to tell you?
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wondering, like, is that how the integration has been, and because we recently heard some of the competitors essentially hiring likely Chubb people, try to start a business there. Do you see potential lose of business, and what's the area of growth from current levels?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, when we did the merger, we imagined – it doesn't take a lot of imagination, in fact, to imagine that as a result of putting three of the four major players in high net worth together, that you would ultimately breed additional competitors in that space. And I've said that from the beginning, and that is a healthy thing. The market needs choice, number one. Number two, the – it isn't about the roughly $10 billion high-net-worth market, or $8 billion or whatever it is, that exists today. It's about the market that we imagine is in the $30 billion or $40 billion range of those who require or really need a richer product that is rich in service, rich in coverage, rich in benefits, and more about service and benefits than it is about price. And those individuals who have a lifestyle and assets to protect are insured in more standard lines companies right now. And the long-term play is to attract them and serve them in the high-net-worth market. So that's the real play. What I'd say about competition is pretty simple. To step up to the standards and the level that Chubb represents, which is the gold standard of the business, requires years of investment and attention. You don't build something like this overnight. The capabilities you have to bring in terms of service capabilities, both risk and engineering services to individual customers, and the claims service capabilities, and the richness of the coverages, and the ability to service them all over the globe. Well, I'll tell you what, that's not an easy lift, and you win these customers one by one, and the average premiums can vary anywhere from $5,000 to a couple of $100,000. It's hard work. So to anybody entering the space, it is a good business. And if you do it right, it takes a lot of patience, a lot of capital, and good luck. And by the way, we'll put the welcome mat out for you.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's good. When do you expect those revenue growth opportunity will emerge materially to the income statement?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not speculating on the period. But what I did say is, you would – I did say initially, and I hold to that, that we expect for all the efforts we're doing right now that are revenue-related, they will really begin to show in a material way by year three. Though we're already seeing it in cross-sell around the organization as we bring more specialty and our large account capabilities to the middle market and agency distribution that we have. And we will, as we have something meaningful to say about that, update you as we go along. And that I don't expect as a year three, I expect that's a year one, two, and three.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Well, thank you so much for the answers.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, thanks. Good morning. Evan, I guess my question is just on new business in North America. It sounds like that was more of an issue this quarter potentially than retention. Just wanting a little more detail on what was driving the softness there, it sounds like earlier in Q1. And what's allowed things to improve more recently?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Ryan, you see, or you heard me say it, it was more large account than it was in the middle market area, though middle-market new business was down about 4%. Large account was down around 30%. January was a much tougher month in terms of new business than February, and March was better, and April was better than March as we go forward. So we know a combination of things as we look at it. Definitely there was – it was a more competitive environment in January. And January is always a competitive month relative to other months. Matter of fact, if – I have to tell you, the softer part of cycle, you're better off to try to write your new business in the off months of a quarter. January is tough, April can be tough, March/April, and June/July is like January, the way people go after it. And they have some growth objectives that they want to achieve. So, there was some impact from that, and we see that. But in the fourth quarter, we had a lot of people – we focused for six months very intensely on planning the merger. And there were sort of 11th-hour jitters of people as we come up to close and everybody is focused on to a degree of the integration and the structure and who am I working for and what is my job. And then the integration itself, all the planning of that, just takes time, and it's some time away from working on new business. And January, and to a degree February, is impacted by your activities in the fourth quarter, which is November/December. And then we close the middle of January, so everybody then has to execute. And there is just a mountain of execution when you take it by function, by area of business, by geography, all over the world. And I'm very proud about how we've executed, because people have done it – it's been in a – there haven't been a lot of surprises, everybody's known what to do, and it's gone very smoothly. And then people have been – spent a lot of time getting to know each other, and getting to know what the capabilities were and learning the products of each other before you can take it out to market. And we could really begin to feel that start to take hold in February, move into March, and as it moves into April it just keeps on building. So, maybe that gives you a little sense.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. That's very helpful. Thanks. And then my follow up is just on small commercial. I'm just hoping you could a little bit more about the opportunity there, now that you've brought out more detail on it, I think, from a product standpoint earlier in the quarter. And just how important is the small commercial initiative overall to your revenue synergy outlook over the next few years? Thanks.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As is characteristic of, I suppose, of our organization and of me, I'm not going to do a lot of talking about something that we're building and planning. I'm hardly going to stick a roadmap out there. And we let results and activities speak. But we have all the parts and ingredients, we have the sticks to rub together and make fire. And we have the distribution, we have the data and the know-how, and we have the insight, we have the focus, we have the resource that we're putting attention to, we have the roadmap for technology and we're coming. And we are building right now, and focused on building – we already had, between the organizations, a nascent, what I call a nascent small commercial business, modest, very modest in size, and specialty-oriented. And that continues. Those efforts continue, and they have a reasonably aggressive plan in action – a set of actions to achieve results in 2016. But that's not the main event for us. This is an $80 billion marketplace, and we intend over the next number of years to grow – to be a meaningful player. I might say, a little like I said about high net worth, you really have to – it takes time to build capabilities, to build all the services and product know-how, to have the right insights into pricing, and to execute, because it's work-intensive. The average premium sizes are small, it's high transaction volume, and you've got to win over and wire up the distribution, and we are focused on all of that. And so, over the next few years, I expect that to grow and be a meaningful contributor to our business, and as it's appropriate, we will update you more specifically.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for the answers...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Don't look for much out of me in 2016.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And appreciate the good new disclosure and information on the merger you guys gave.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): First question, Evan, I guess is on the Personal Lines, on international. The growth was strong there. And curious what parts or regions you're seeing and how the brand change, I guess, is working on international. Obviously, the Chubb brand I think has better name recognition in the U.S. than it might internationally. And curious about how the international Personal Lines is going.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, the brand change had no impact on our revenue growth in the quarter. The growth is pretty broad-based. It came from both specialty and traditional. It came from a wide range of geographies, from Mexico to Malaysia to Europe, where we do a lot of specialty, so broad-based. In Mexico it's automobile and small commercial-related, but automobile in particular. In Malaysia it's auto and, again, specialty and small commercial-related. We write cell phone insurance out in Asia, and that had nice growth. In Europe we write cell phone-related insurance, and that had really nice growth. So, it isn't from one place nor one geography, and it isn't traditional versus specialty, it's broad-based. But it's very – when I say broad-based, we're very targeted and focused about where we choose to do Personal Lines and how we choose to do it. It's easy to put on a lot of revenue in that business. It's not easy to do it and make a decent margin.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): What's the opportunity on the high-net-worth business on the international front, as opposed to how – the size of the business in the U.S.? Is that a meaningful focus for you guys now, or...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a focus. Meaningful? It's nothing like the United States. And it's not going to – I don't think of it in terms of – if I think of the U.S. as high net worth is a meaningful business, I don't think of international high net worth that way. I think of it as a good business. It's a very good business and a good opportunity. But it's really focused in a limited number of territories. UK, Australia, maybe a little bit on the continent, that's the majority of it. The balance is small pockets of high net worth, and that's mostly serviced by us out of our London operation.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks. And just one final one, and maybe it's for Phil. On the tangible book value calculation that you guys do, the tangible – the goodwill is done net of tax...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes it is.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): ...which I think is different than how you did it before. Just trying to understand how that – to expect to flow through going forward?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. It would definitely be done net of tax. Goodwill and other intangibles would be reflected net of tax in our calculation of what tangible book value represents.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And will that tax basis off the goodwill, will it be fluctuating over time or going down, or is that kind of – it seemed like the goodwill, in historic, kind of stayed flat. So I'm just wondering if that's something that's going to change.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It should not. It would decrease in relation to the amortization of the intangibles.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much for the answers, guys
Operator: From Barclays, we go next to Jay Gelb.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I was hoping you could expand a bit more on the opportunity to gain market share resulting from several of the other large global commercial insurers facing some dislocation, in terms of the brokers looking to have stable capacity for their customers?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I've talked about this a little bit in the past. And so I'm going to – I'll talk a little more about it. The first thing I'll tell you is, is it's a double-edged sword and you got to be careful. On one hand, as I said the last time, when there's a wounded animal loose, be careful. Stay out of the way and don't try to corner it. On the other hand, look, we represent – and that's what I tried to say in my commentary – we represent a very attractive market, an alternative for large accounts seeking a deep balance sheet, great underwriting expertise, as you know, great reputation for service, global capability, broad product offering and services. There are – and by the way, which has become more and more the play in large account business, your technology, your ability to deliver in a way that the service standards are met, the service expectations are met – and those standards of service have only risen, the expectations have only risen over the last decade, in the last five years and three years. People expect great data, great information in a very rapid way, self-served way where they can serve themselves. We have that technology. Very few have that. Our ability to move money, our ability to service self-insureds, our ability to risk engineer, our ability to provide primary casualty coverages, including professional lines, all over the world, and service claims, very few can do that. And we have been stable in terms of our capacity offering and our approach to underwriting and/or pricing. Sometimes the market moves closer to us, when the market is more disciplined in terms of underwriting. Sometimes the market moves further away from us because others are willing to sell something at a price we consider too cheap or at terms we consider too broad. So, on one hand, we're in a market where it's competitive and some things are being sold at prices that are below costs we think are reasonable. On the other hand, there is this pull and desire for stability and certainty and familiarity, and that is drawing more towards us. So I can tell you, we just came back from RIMS. All of us there, I have not seen a reception towards our company in – towards this company, I don't think I've ever seen the reception like I saw at RIMS. We were really popular kids on campus.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thanks for that. And then for Phil, should we still think about, in terms of share buybacks, no activity for 2016, but perhaps more likely in 2017?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We have no plans at this point for buybacks, and we'll keep you posted as we go, as we see how our capital develops.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next comes from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions, if I could, quickly on Personal Lines within the overseas segment. You mentioned the growth there. What does the profitability look like in that book? Is it closer to the segment overall, or is it closer to what you generate in the North America personalized business?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I am hardly going there.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Okay, well then back to the U.S. Do you think that in that book, that you have an opportunity to grow at these levels of profitability? I mean, is there still enough room in that high-net-worth segment, either because of your consolidation really or because of the expansion of that market, for you to grow consistently?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And, Michael, on international, the profitability meets our hurdle rates, and it meets our underwriting standards or we wouldn't be doing it. But I'm hardly going to put a roadmap out to others. On the domestic and margin, there's been questions to us of, well, now that you're so dominant in that business, we assume you're now going to now, in a sense, be predatory, take advantage, raise prices, et cetera. Increase margins. I think there's a naïveté about all of that, and I think that's wrong. Our approach is to earn an adequate risk-adjusted return in the business. The business does that reasonably well today. There is a lot of risk in the business. The business is regulated. You have to file your rates, and they have to be just – they have to be actuarially justified, and we do that. And that adds a complexity, but adds a stability as well. Secondly, we want to win customers by offering a great service at a fair price, and hardly do we want to try to push it where we make our money simply on – try to make more money on the cohort we have, rather than grow the cohort, if we're making an adequate risk-adjusted. So, with all of that, what I'd say to you is, we see stability as we look forward in the margins in the business, and we don't consider that we're making excessive returns. On a risk-adjusted basis, we are not. We're making reasonable returns.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then, is there a material difference between legacy Chubb's acquisition cost in sort of the personalized business versus legacy ACE's? And is that something – if there is, is that an opportunity for the combined company?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There is not. Agents are – they are very efficient when it comes to acquisition cost, and they are a great market leveler, and they are highly intelligent.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Up next is Vinay Misquith of Sterne Agee CRT.
Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee CRT: Hi, good morning. The first question is on the premium growth. There was a modest 1% premium decline this quarter, I guess because of competition and some integration. And curious, Evan, if you could parse out what was the bigger impact, and when do you think the drag from the integration will recede?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Vinay, I think I just have gone on about that for the last 20 minutes. And I think my commentary said it. So, I can't – if you're looking for a point estimate, a numeric estimate of what was specifically integration-related versus market-related, I can't give you that. Nobody knows that.
Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee CRT: Okay, sure.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But I can tell you that the market – market discipline, for those who are disciplined in underwriting, absolutely is having an impact on growth rate, and you could see that as you look at players who have reported. And that definitely has an impact on us. And you know there were times, and I've said this, I've been very clear, that there are times that revenue is for vanity, and revenue growth is for vanity, and it's best you take your eye off of that. And there are pockets of the business, many pockets of the business where I and my colleagues think that it's not an overly attractive market, and you better discriminate very carefully on what you choose to write and how you choose to write it, if you want to maintain underwriting margins. And that's our first objective. So I will shed revenue without a tear in any class, in any line of business, where we can't make an underwriting profit, period. And you know that about us. The retention rates were very high. And that to me shows me the market reaction towards us and the demand for business from Chubb, from doing business with Chubb, by both distribution and customers, and the good work of our people. When I look at the pattern of new business and how it came in, and where it came in, and the timing of it, it's very clear to me that the integration – and in discussions with our people – that the integration had an impact. And when I look at how we're moving month-to-month, I can see that beginning to recede. And people really getting on without getting out there and driving for it. So I see a combination of both impacting it. I can't do anything about the market, and that will be what it will be. But I can tell you, getting the organization focused, that is something we can do something about. And we're all focused on that. Everyone is out there. We've been to many regions, to many offices, working with our people and helping them to get on the front foot, and I feel really good about the energy level and the focus of the organization that is taking hold. And to the extent that that impacts revenue growth, you can look forward to improved results as we go forward.
Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee CRT: No, that's helpful. The second question is for Phil. And first of all, thank you so much for the expanded disclosure. That's really helpful and is helping all of the sell-side with these – our numbers. From the expense synergies, how much of that was actually realized in the first quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, the actual accounting saved in the first quarter was $29 million.
Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee CRT: And that's helpful. Thank you.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Operator: And from UBS, we go next to Brian Meredith.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, thanks. Just two quick numbers questions, and one other one just quickly. So, Phil, on the $100 million to $120 million of additional investment income, what's the after-tax number?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let see. Let's call it $75 million on the low end of the range. So $100 million translates into $75 million.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Terrific. And then second question, exposure to couple of earthquakes we've seen recently, and some of the activity in Texas?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We will have losses from the activity in Texas, from the earthquake in Latin America, from the earthquake in Japan. From the two earthquakes, from what we know at the moment, our losses will relatively modest. Nothing outsized. And from the losses in Texas, normal spring losses, you expect these kinds of losses in the springtime. It's the volatility of weather. More tornado-related activities, severe storm related, flooding, hail, all occurs, as we know, in the second quarter. And so this kind of activity, so far to date, what we're seeing is not producing losses beyond what we would imagine or expect.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then last question, Evan, you struck this relationship with Suning and, hopefully, I'm pronouncing that correctly, in the quarter. Could you give us – elaborate a little bit on what the potential is there for that relationship, how quickly you expect it to ramp up?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I expect it to ramp up and begin showing – potentially, you don't know with certainty, but potentially – real premium revenue in 2017. It is direct response marketing in all its forms, digital, phone-based, predominantly of simple accident-, travel- and credit-related products, maybe some small commercial; householder's-type products to serve the customer base of Suning, that is approximately 130 million people that are active users of Suning. Suning has about 1,500 – thereabouts, I'm sure I have the number wrong, but thousands of stores throughout the country, and then they have a very large, very active online business. They serve financial needs of over 30 million customers, and we will be active – and do it in a digital way, and we will be actively marketing to those. The cooperation – it's one thing to sign one of these. It's another thing that actually operationalize. And we're just beginning the operational phase. And this is something that the real meaningful benefit will come over a few years. But Suning, in very early days, is showing to be a very active and cooperative partner and is giving us a lot of access to data, a lot of encouragement in terms of use of their distribution, and is very welcoming with building the business, and I'm grateful for that effort. So, this could be – we're cautiously optimistic this could be a great venture.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: And it's on your paper or Ho Tai's paper?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, this is on our paper. It's on Chubb.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Great. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've got 100% of this.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Perfect.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Stirling of Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the call. So, listen, I just wanted to touch a bit more on growth from more of a long-term perspective. Obviously, we all think of you as a growth company, but with the moving pieces of the market and integration, it was obviously a flat quarter. When you, Evan, look across the portfolio and look a couple of years out, what kind of long-term organic growth rates do you guys think are potential? And I think this is an important question for us, because it's hard to figure out from the outside, given all the different growth businesses you have at legacy ACE – and in combination with, obviously, the legacy Chubb opportunity. And I would really love to get a sense of what you're shooting for, and what you think may be able to get through the cycle, kind of long-term underlying organic growth potential might be?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, I'm going to answer – give you two answers. First, you didn't define growth the way I define growth. And the way, therefore, we define growth – a growth company for us. A growth company in this business is growth in book value and tangible book value. That's how you define growth in a risk business. Not revenue growth, which is an overly simplistic way. Ultimately, you have to gain revenue growth as well. So I reject that notion of what's a growth company. Number two, we will – we don't give guidance. And so I'm not going to start giving guidance about revenue growth. But I will say this to you. I firmly believe that whatever the growth rate was projected – and at ACE, we do long-term – at ACE, we did long-term five-year plans. We would roll forward every year. And we had a projection of what we thought our growth rates would be over a coming five-year period. I have a sense of what Chubb, legacy Chubb, would have thought of its growth potential over a two-year to three-year period and what they would have seen. I do firmly believe that when you sum those two together, the two together will have greater growth than the two would – the sum of the two separately would. There is little doubt of that in my mind. How significant? We have ranges internally from what we think might be conservative to what we think might be more aggressive, but when I pitch it up the middle, I think it will be meaningful. And I did say that I thought that by the fifth year, it would come into the billions of dollars range, and multiples of billions, and I believe that, from what it otherwise would be. While that's not a – what you wanted as an answer from me specifically, I hope that gives you some insight.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Sure. Sure. We'll take it and work with what we can. If I just were to ask you more tactically, managing risk through the soft market is a major focus for a lot of investors. Could you walk us through a little bit of your sort of tactical playbook as you think about maintaining margins through the next three years or four years?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, maintaining margins is about underwriting, and it's about underwriting selection, and it's about your portfolio. What I love is the balance of business in this company. By geography, when I look at opportunities through Asia, when I look at opportunities in Latin America, when I look at opportunities through the United States, and I just look geographically, I see – and in Europe – I see so much room to move, where there are some territories and some lines of business that, you know, to maintain margin you need to shrink. I see other areas where we have the capabilities, we have the presence, and it's about execution to grow in those areas. And when you have the data we have and the knowledge we have, putting that to work, it is a job of execution at that point. When I look at our spread of business by type of business, by customer, from large segment where it's obviously – except for the dislocation of others that put some wind at your back, it's obviously the more difficult area to grow. And in fact, you're going to go sideways or shrink in many areas of that business if you're going to maintain underwriting discipline. But I then look on the other side of the coin at the middle market, and the capabilities we have in that area, and our reputation and our relationships and our ability to drive more product and grow that more quickly, that just gives me a lot of optimism. I look at our A&H business around the world. I look at our personal lines business, both in the United States and outside the U.S., and potential in that area, I add it all up. And there are areas where you apply the gas and then areas where you apply the brake. And we know how to do that quite well. And as I said, I will never get baited into revenue growth to maintain margins. And when my guys are feeling a little bad because they have to shed business to maintain margin, I got to tell you what, I suck it up and I cheerlead it, because it's the right thing to do.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, and good luck.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good luck to you, too.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sarah DeWitt of JPMorgan.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, and congratulations on a strong first quarter at the new Chubb. I just wanted to drill down on the expense savings. How much do you expect to drop to the bottom line? My sense is legacy Chubb was somewhat underinvested in, so are the expense savings net of any reinvestment, or how much could that be?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. We haven't figured in – that's not net of reinvestment. And Sarah, you have a natural growth – I'm not going to give you any point estimate number. You have a – but I'll give you a way I think about it, and – two ways. One, you have a natural growth rate of expenses based on your invested base of businesses, and you can see that, you see how ACE has been disciplined in expense and Chubb was disciplined in expense. So the overall organization is disciplined that way. You then have some investments you make in new businesses. So, small commercial, as an example, or maybe you're expanding your cyber business or other businesses, and those will take investments. And then on the other side of the coin, we're – if we talk about legacy Chubb as being starved in some ways – and I think that's right – on one hand, it's technology. And so you invest in technology, but there you have a cash spend, but you then capitalize and amortize over many years. So that impact will not be, as you would imagine, sort of $1 of expense and $1 drops to the bottom. But you got a cash flow, and then you have an amortization of it. So those are what draws away from expense saved. And from the direct – coming directly all to the bottom.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then on the reserve...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I didn't help you worksheet manage it that much better, I got it. But we each live in our own hell.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, no. That's helpful insight, though. And then on the reserve releases, that was higher than I would have expected. Could you just talk about the difference...
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What did you expect?
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: A little bit lower than the pro forma year-ago.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How did you do your number?
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It was not that scientific, I will tell you.
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I thought so. I'm sorry, I just had to do that. It was like, well, what do you think, how'd you do it?
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: More directional. But could you just elaborate, are there differences between the reserve processes at legacy Chubb and legacy ACE? For example, does one company let the reserves season for longer, or does one company take them down quicker, historically?
Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, there was – the one thing I'm going to say, and then I'm going to ask a colleague of mine to give you a little more insight into it, there was not a change in reserving process, the way of thinking about reserve at either legacy Chubb or legacy ACE, that produced this. There was consistency. And I'm going to ask Sean Ringsted to now just give you a little more.
Sean Ringsted - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer & Chief Actuary, Chubb, Ltd.: Morning, Sarah. I think, just by way of background, as we went into the integration we found a lot of similarities between the companies, as opposed to differences, and the differences are very much at the margin. Both companies have robust processes, we've got really good teams of actuaries and good control environments, and the methods and the assumptions in the reserving methodology are pretty consistent across like products. And I think too, and you've heard Evan emphasize this on prior calls, we – both legacy companies have a conservative approach, especially to long-tail casualty lines. There are some differences, I'd put those at the margin. Clearly, our process in terms of timing and frequency of studies would be different, our reserving platforms are different, but we're working to converge those processes and expect to have that done in 2017. So I think you'll find far more similarities in the respective processes, and we're going to enjoy continuing those in the future.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President - Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Thank you. And we have time for just one more person to ask questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our final question from Jay Cohen of Bank of America.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Just two questions, I think they're relatively quick. First for Phil, the interest expense on an ongoing basis, where will that land?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's in our interest expense in the corporate segment.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, I mean what's the number? Is the first quarter a good number to use going forward?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is. It's a complete number. All right, you know what...
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...I would do – there's 14 days of the interest expense that we didn't put into operating income, so I would just gross that up, the one-sixth of the quarter that wasn't there.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's what I figured, I wanted to check that. Thank you. And then secondly, on the investment income, the pick-up you talked about, what changes to the portfolio are you making to achieve that higher run-rate of investment income?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we've had extensive discussions with our outside managers who have a real deep expertise in asset allocation and municipal and corporate credit research, and our analysis shows that we can restructure the portfolio within securities and sectors that enhance the yield and diversify the holdings. And I just want to re-emphasize that those actions are not going to alter the risk profile of the portfolio, we'll keep the overall credit rating at AA.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Phil, is part of the benefit that Chubb had a big muni portfolio? The tax structure of the overall company, was it a bit different? Can that be restructured a bit, or is that really not...
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think...
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ...part of the game plan?
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...over time, I think we can more actively manage the municipal portfolio, but that'll take time, as a lot of that is long-dated. So that's certainly part of it, to change from a really high-rated long-term hold strategy to more active management in the muni portfolio. But not...
Unknown Speaker: Your question was, as a percentage of the total portfolio.
Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We don't expect that to change.
Unknown Speaker: Right.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Helen Wilson - Senior Vice President - Investor Relations, Chubb Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you all for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for calling.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and CEO Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Joe Wayland - General Counsel and Secretary Kevin Shearan - Vice President and CIO, ACE Group Juan Andrade - EVP, ACE Group, Personal Lines and COO, ACE Overseas General
Analysts: Cliff Gallant - Nomura International Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Jay Gelb - Barclays Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Vinay Misquith - Sterne, Agee CRT Jay Cohen - Bank of America Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day. And welcome to ACE Limited Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. And welcome to the ACE Limited September 30, 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions, including foreign exchange, and completion and integration of acquisitions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the number, ACE had a great quarter, with record earnings, record underwriting results and good revenue growth in constant dollars. After-tax operating income of $897 million or $2.74 per share was driven by P&C underwriting income of almost $600 million. Foreign exchange continued to the cast the shadow in the quarter, impacting our premium revenue, income and book value. Book value declined 1.5% due to FX and financial market volatility in both equity and fixed income markets. Our annualized operating return on equity was about 13%, an excellent return on shareholder capital. Year-to-date we have produced over $2.4 billion or $7.38 per share in operating income, which is essentially flat with prior year, in spite of about $85 million in foreign exchange headwind. Strong underwriting gains and 6.5% premium revenue growth in constant dollars contributed to these results. Returning to the quarter, underwriting results were again simply excellent, total P&C underwriting income growth was driven by strong underlying current accident year results, positive prior period reserve development and relatively low catastrophe losses. The P&C combined ratio was 85.9 and the P&C current accident year combined ratio excluding cat was 89.2 versus 89.8 prior year, so an improvement. All P&C divisions produced outstanding calendar year and current accident year results in the quarter. We are about two months into the conversion of the Fireman’s Fund business case paper. We are on track and in fact, ahead of plan. As of today, both business retention and financial performance are ahead of our original projections. The retention rate is measured by premium is 87%. The business we are not converting is in line with our expectations, because it either does not meet our business profile or in our judgment is under priced. If you would like more color during the Q&A, Juan Andrade has prepared to answer your questions. We produced $549 million in investment income, down about 3% on a reported basis and 1% in constant dollars, very good result given the interest rate, equity market environment and adverse FX movement. We continue to benefit from strong operating cash flow. Turning to revenue growth, global P&C net premiums, which exclude agriculture grew nearly 8% in the quarter in constant dollars, foreign exchange negatively impacted global P&C by 7.5 points, nearly equal to our underlying growth. In North America, net premiums for P&C excluding crop grew 11% and our large commercial business ACE USA net premiums grew just over 2% and our two wholesale E&S businesses, ACE Bermuda and ACE Westchester, net premiums grew about 4.5% and 2.5%, respectively. We grew 11.5% in Ace Commercial Risk Services, which serves small to mid-market clients for specialty products. Premiums in our U.S. Personal Lines business were up 86%, driven by the addition of the Fireman's Fund business. Excluding Fireman's Fund, our high net worth personal lines business grew 14%, our highest growth rate of the year as we are also benefiting from increased submission activity and new business from over 300 Fireman's Fund agents newly licensed with ACE. Premiums in our agriculture business declined 3.5% is expected, due to lower commodity prices and fund selection. The crop business is in good shape and from what we see today it appears it will be an average crop year in terms of profit and loss. Turning to our international operations, P&C net premiums in ACE International were up 9% in constant dollars, driven by Latin America with strong growth of 22%, premiums in Asia-Pacific were up 8%, while premiums in Europe were down 1% and our London-based E&S business, premiums were down 12% as we continue to shed business in the London wholesale market. In our A&H Insurance business net premiums were up about 6% globally in constant currency. A&H premiums internationally were up about 5.5%, led by Asia with growth of 15%. Premiums for combined insurance were up about 5%. Net premiums written for International Personal Lines were up 18% on a constant dollar basis. In our Asia Focused International Life Insurance business, premiums were up almost 9% in constant currency. And finally in our Global Re business, net premiums declined 9.5% due to market conditions. I want to now say a few words about current commercial P&C market conditions. The underwriting environment continued to grow more competitive in the quarter for our commercial P&C business globally. With some exceptions, price declines accelerated modestly. They were varied by class of business and geography. All of the themes we’ve been saying in previous quarters remain true. Large account business, particularly shared and layered is more competitive than midsized. Wholesale is more competitive than retail and property more so than casualty related. For our U.S. commercial P&C business, general and specialty casualty related pricing was flat in the quarter. Management, professional liability pricing was down a 0.5% and property related pricing was down 9%. New business writings in North America were down year-on-year as one would expect but it varies by class depending on the rates in terms we could secure. So in fact new business was up in certain targeted classes including specialty small commercial, personal lines, professional lines and A&H. Renewal retention levels are holding up well. For our U.S. retail business, the renewal retention rate as measured by premium was 96%. Internationally, commercial P&C insurance market conditions also grew incrementally more competitive. Again, for the business we wrote, casualty rates were down 3%, property was down 7% and financial lines rates were down 1%. Generally speaking, pricing is not keeping pace with loss cost trends. They would vary by lines in geography. We continue to execute strategies to ameliorate to the extent possible the impact of pricing on our combined ratio through a combination of mix shift, targeting classes with better margin, portfolio management that informs underwriting actions, including tighter individual risk selection and pricing actions in more stressed areas. John Keogh, John Lupica and Juan Andrade could provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. While the main event to talk about today in quarters to come, I’m sure is our merger with Chubb. I want to fill you in on where we stand. We’re on track with obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals in order to close hopefully early in the first quarter of ‘16 as we had announced. We received necessary U.S. Antitrust Clearance. As you all saw and we expect to announce an overwhelmingly positive response from both companies’ shareholders following tomorrow’s extraordinary general meetings that will be held by each company. Although the voting continues, based on the 80% of these shareholders who have cast their votes today -- to-date, approval of all Chubb related proposals is running in the very high 90s. We're making very good progress in our integration planning process. Things are moving very well with executives on both sides, working in teams to represent all lines of business and support areas around the world addressing leadership, organizational structure, roles and responsibilities and resource requirements. We are also establishing teams to work on future growth initiatives. Chemistry between both sides is excellent. Communication is good and we are building a detailed roadmap for integration that will allow us to hit the ground running when we close. We are learning more about each other. And I think the admiration for each of the people business and culture has only grown stronger. By way of a few examples, ACE people starting with me have a greater and growing appreciation with Chubb’s renowned global claims and risk engineering capabilities, its U.S. branch and agency distribution system and its training capabilities. Chubb people have a greater appreciation for ACE’s product breadth, global operations, risk appetite and insights and speed at which we move. Senior leadership is also working separately as a team to help facilitate cultural integration. Lastly, I will tell you that the reception we received from the agent and broker community, as well as from our customers has been very supportive, very positive. For example, members of our senior management team from both ACE and from Chubb, including me, were intended in attendance two weeks that the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers, or CIAB meeting in Colorado Springs, it was an energy and an optimism in the room among our teams that signal to our important distribution partners how excited we all are about our two companies coming together. They all recognize the complementary nature of our companies. Frankly the more we know and the more we learn about each other, the more bullish we are on the value creation opportunities we can create for our customers, our business partners, our employees, and our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil and then will come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. In the quarter investment income of $549 million benefited from our strong cash flow, private equity distributions and call activity from our corporate bonds. Year-to-date cash flow has essentially offset the impact of FX on our cash invested assets, which are down $140 million on a reported basis and up $1.2 billion in constant dollars. Our average new money rate is 2.9%, versus our current book yield of 3.6%. For the past 12 months, our operating cash flow was $4 billion. As I said on previous calls, our strong cash flow has offset the impact of lower reinvestment rates and we expect this trend to continue. Our cash flow for the third quarter was $808 million. There are number of factors that impact the variability in investment income including the level of interest rates, prepayment speeds on our mortgages, corporate bond call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. We currently expect our quarterly investment income run rate to be $540 million. Net realized and unrealized losses were $1.16 billion after-tax. This included losses of $309 million in our investment portfolio, primarily due to widening of credit spreads on our corporate bonds, a $313 million loss from the mark-to-market impact on our variable annuity reinsurance business, and a $548 million impact on book value from foreign exchange. FX impacted tangible book by $345 million. Our investments remain in an unrealized gain position of $1.3 billion after-tax. Since September 30, we have recovered a substantial portion of these marks almost $450 million, including a positive mark on investment portfolio of $200 million. Our net loss reserves were up to $212 million adjusted for foreign exchange and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 94%. We had positive prior period development of $210 million pre-tax, with about one-quarter from short-tail lines and three-quarter recorded from long-tail lines from accident years 2010 and prior. This included $76 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures in our Brandywine run-off of operation, which is included in our North American segment. As a reminder, we conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our asbestos review in the fourth. The prior period development also included the positive impact from the release of $79 million from an individual legacy liability case reserve in our Overseas General and Global Re segments. Pre-tax catastrophe losses of $72 million came from a number of worldwide investments and events, including $22 million from the explosion in Tianjin, $5 billion from the Chile earthquake and the balance of other events, including U.S. flooding and Asian typhoons. In the quarter the Fireman's Fund business made a one-time contribution of three-quarters of a point to the improvement in the combined ratio due to the underwriting gain from the portfolio assumption. However, note the Fireman's Fund contributed only $20 million to operating income with underwriting gain substantially offset by purchase accounting. On the other hand, foreign exchange negatively impacted operating income by $36 million. As you can see on page 4 of the supplement, our A&H constant dollar operating income was down $6 million compared to last year's quarter. We had positive reserve development of $8 million in last year’s quarter and negative development of $5 million this quarter. Excluding development, earnings growth was 6.1%. This business continues to perform very well. Also on page four of the supplement, you will see life operating income is down $8 million. This is principally due to the runoff of the VA reinsurance book. We are finalizing our plans for our $5.3 billion debt issuance in connection with the Chubb acquisition. We will make an announcement in the near future. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Cliff Gallant with Nomura International.
Cliff Gallant: Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Cliff Gallant: Great. Two questions. The first one was in -- and thank you, Phil for the $22 million loss number for the Tianjin loss. So, I was curious. When we see events like that in the news from an insurance claim perspective, how should we think about what losses like that? How does it differ from an event that we might see in the U.S.? And then my second question that I just -- was really sort of the -- you volunteered one and ready to speak about the conversion rates of the high net worth business at Fireman’s house, I would love to hear a more detail about it, how was the approach different between -- how Fireman’s was running and you guys are? And are there any lessons there that will be applicable as you integrate another high net worth business?
Kevin Shearan: Yeah. So, your first question, I don’t know how to answer your first question because I don't know what you're asking really so. Can you be more specific or rephrase it? I mean, it’s a man-made natural. It’s a man-made disaster that occurred in an urban center. The only difference I’d say really between that loss occurring in China that anywhere else has to do with the regulatory environment and how you enforce the accumulation of toxic chemicals or other combustibles in an area like that. And so the risk management generally, an infrastructure of a more developing country versus developed country. But other than that, if that’s what you are getting at there is an answer, but other than that I’m not sure I understand the nature of the question.
Cliff Gallant: That is a good answer. I appreciate that.
Kevin Shearan: Again, on personal lines before we dive into it, what would you like to know?
Cliff Gallant: Well, what is the conversion rate of the business of Fireman’s today? What downs have you had, has there been any surprises? And again, are the lessons applicable that you will apply when you look at the Chubb book?
Kevin Shearan: Yeah. Before Evan gets into that with you, I want to make sure you understand something about the Chubb book versus the Fireman’s Fund. In the Fireman's Fund, it is a conversion. We are literally, having to convert the customer from the policy they had with Fireman's Fund, the statutory paper to ACE’s paper. We did not buy the insurance company. We bought the renewal rights to the business. When you put Chubb and ACE together, there is going to be no conversion. They will -- the customers will remain on the paper they were on. With that, let me turn it over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks Kevin. Cliff, what I would say really to start is a couple of things. I would reinforce the fact that our premium retention is running at roughly around 87%, which is really better than the expectations then we had when we did this deal. Secondly, and as Evan mentioned, when we look at the total return aspect of the underwriting income from this business, it is also running better than what we expected. I think in the six or so months as we close this deal back on April 1st, we've been able to successfully integrate over 500 new colleagues from the Fireman's Fund. We are very pleased with the talent and the skill that they have brought. We’ve created two new centers one in O'Fallon, Missouri and one in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, that are really deepened our ability to provide even better claim service, even better operation servicing capabilities to our customers. In addition to that, we have also on-boarded about 357 new Fireman's Fund agents that were not appointed with ACE prior to all of this. Those agents were associated with roughly over 400 storefronts and that has generated some of the very positive momentum we're seeing in the quarter from a new business standpoint as well. So all of that so far so good. We have received tremendous support from our distribution, both the fund distribution, as well as the ACE distribution and all of this, and is frankly, one of the reasons why we are seeing the retention rates where they are. Regarding the business that that we are not retaining, as Evan pointed out, there is really a couple of specific reasons for that. One of those is really some of that business is not meet our target client strategy, meaning that it’s truly not high net worth business, so we are doing some selective re-underwriting their. I would say second category is business that we don't believe is adequately priced for the exposure particularly in some cap prone area. So, therefore, you see some of the business that we are not retaining, which again, all of that has been built into our models and really has been contemplated into financials.
Cliff Gallant: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks. Just on the North America P&C business, the expense -- it looks you get about 210 bps of improvement year-over-year about two-thirds of that was expenses in acquisition in particular and second quarter in a row that that's been down year-over-year? Is there something changing there, reinsurance or some other attribute that's driving that acquisition ratio down or is that not something that we should think is should continue?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s going to continue. It’s going to continue for a period of time. We have a mix of business change and we do have selectively in that mix of business more reinsurance and the biggest impact to all of that has to do with Fireman's Fund business that we picked up.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay. Okay. And so that -- and on the other third being the underlying loss ratio, is it fair to assume that that’s weather or lack of weather or is that potentially some mix shift as well?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you see current accident, there is -- you see current accident year ex cat. So you understand how it looks without cat losses within it. We told you that there was some improvement due to the Fireman's Fund and when you adjust for that you can see how the loss ratio is very stable on year-to-year.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So on apples-to-apples if you were to control for those shifts then pretty stable that’s?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Sure.
Michael Nannizzi: Yeah. Okay. And then, I also saw you -- ACE recently purchased…
Evan Greenberg: I’ll let you know, let me just say one thing is you know what’s, it’s up a little bit, that’s a combination on one hand, you got price and trend and on another hand, you got mix changes and I do expect overtime, all things equal. You expect the loss ratios to rise a bit.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Great. And then last, CoverHound, the company mentioned that it had taken a stake or in their release that ACE has taken stake in that company? Can you talk about and I think -- if I remember, the release mentioned some business through Fireman's Fund or that was being placed? Can you talk about like strategically what benefit that provided and is there also some opportunity with the new Chubb book to leverage that relationship as well? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. No. I am not going to talk much about it, the only thing I tell you is, I think in your mind you linked Novato, California with San Francisco, California linked Fireman's Fund and CoverHound, because we didn't put any linkage, but there is no linkage between Fireman's Fund and CoverHound. We are not doing any personal lines business with CoverHound and we have -- we really have no plans to. We like CoverHound. We like what we see in terms of their technology and their development and their algorithms to match customer to the right insurer. And they’re very thoughtful people and stay tuned as to what more over time we may do with CoverHound.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re very welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. I guess my first question is just on the life segment. Obviously, you’ve had this headwind from the VA run-off, I guess the last couple of years. But it sounds like international life insurance growth still remains pretty strong. I’m just wondering if there is any visibility on where you might and when you might see that crossover, where growth from either USA, A&H, international life might be enough to kind of offset that headwind?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. That’s a really -- that’s a good question. And we look at that over time. The international life business was in a loss making position because it was green field and we were continuing to invest to grow it to build it because building distribution, agency distribution is costly. So we kept plowing into it. And it crossed over last year, this year into a positive earnings position. Its earnings over the next year, two and three will accelerate significantly and will overcome that number. Our projections are over the next five years so it has to happen year-by-year but that it will be a meaningful -- international life will become a meaningful contributor to ACE’s earnings.
Ryan Tunis: And I guess just to try by meaningful $100 million, more than that or …
Evan Greenberg: To be meaningful in ACE, it has to have 100 -- it has to be in the 100 -- you have to have hundreds of millions to be meaningful to ACE.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Understood. And then I guess my second one was, I guess, just on professional lines in combining the two companies. And whether it’s right or not, I think we think about Chubb as writing more primary layer professional lines business, ACE writing a little bit more access in large case. And I guess, how do you think about the opportunity longer-term integrating those two businesses? And is that the type of process that could cause near-term disruption because of any customer overlap?
Evan Greenberg: No, not that much, very little. As we look at it, I think, you got it partially right. I mean, we look at it this way. Chubb is so strong in middle-market and small customer professional lines business. And there, of course, it's not shared and layered business, you're right in it, ground-up. In the shared and layered, the large account business, ACE is a very meaningful primary writer, as well as an excess writer, as well as an individual DIC writer, which is major on site A coverage, Chubb, as well writes in the large account space. We don't see an overlap by the way when we -- to the degree we are able to look at our concentrations of customer. We don't see an overlap that gives us concern and we don't see an overlap of significance.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. That's helpful.
Evan Greenberg: The franchise balanced between the two, one is more large account brokerage oriented, one is more agency and middle-market oriented, though they’re both in each of the space that way and it’s just going to enhance it.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Got it,
Evan Greenberg: Is that Ryan?
Ryan Tunis: Yeah. That’s it. Thanks, Evan. I appreciate it.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking the call. So Evan, I was hoping I could start with the big picture question of strategy if you don’t mind. I know you take a long-term view of the business. And I’m wondering if you can walk us long-term how you are thinking about growth. I mean if we look back the past decade you’ve organically had a lot of products, you done both on acquisitions, entered new markets and you took advantage more recently of a hardening market to accelerate the topline. But now the market softening and you’ve got Chubb to digest, I’m wondering how we should think about growth as we look out to next five or 10 years. And looking at the portfolio today, given all you build, what do you think of long-term run rate for growth would be, either the number you are shooting for internally or what we should think of as a sustainable target? Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I’m not putting out a long-term growth target but I’m going to give you a picture. And I appreciate the horizon you are taking of 5, 10 years and ideal just within the five year period right now. We are already putting together teams to focus on what we see as meaningful growth opportunities, target opportunities. Chubb has approximately 4,500 agents in the United States because of the deep relationship with it. Chubb has industry verticals in the middle-market with deep product capability based on insights they have into those customers cohort. They have done a lot of study and a lot of work on, very thoughtful. Our ability to add and we can see it a middle-market oriented specialty products to the Chubb core portfolio to enhance industry verticals, grow them to enhance general market customer. Those customers in many instances in the products were contemplating together were already buying those products. And in many cases, those agents are already selling those products. It is not doing it for Chubb or that agent is not selling it to that customer, someone else is. And we see a whole lineup of that on one hand. Number two, the small commercial space is an area of very big marketplace, and it's an area that ACE’s has been endeavoring along in a specialty way. Chubb has been contemplating, and Chubb brings traditional product capability that ACE doesn't have. ACE brings specialty product capability and some technology that Chubb doesn't have. And Chubb bring distribution that is awesome to be able to move into that space. We see a very large opportunity that way. And two other things on the U.S., when we think about it. In the upper middle-market area, ACE doesn't have a good traditional product offering in commercial auto and risk transfer comp. Chubb brings us capability in that area that will enhance our presence. Now, you have to be mindful of underwriting cycle and sometimes it will be a greater opportunity than others and it is one of the death valleys that are a few of them of the insurance industry, so we have to be very careful. I make those comments, so you understand we are well informed about all that, we are underwriters. But that is a real opportunity for us to begin tiptoeing into. In the personal lines area, stay tuned. That’s a $41 billion, we can tell marketplace and we’ll have between us somewhere around $5 billion of that. There are a lot of customers out there who are not buying high net worth product, though they have the need of the coverage’s and the services that are provided. It’s a long-term to grow that and get them out of the traditional writers that they are with, into something, into a product that more meets their needs and they are not really price conscious. They just don’t focus on it. But the stay tuned is also about masterpieces. It’s been a leader in the industry, in that industry. It really set the course. And it maybe time in a reasonable period of time to reveal masterpiece 2.0 and that's on our radar screen. When you get internationally, ACE has endeavored along both in brokerage and agency distribution as you know. We've grown both large commercial and we have grown middle-market commercial business on the continent in the U.K., modestly in those and in Latin America and Asia. Chubb colleagues that we will be adding bring us a lot more capability to add resource and industry verticals and product to our distribution on and to our -- and to bring enhanced distribution and to enhance our presence in that market. And we see it in a meaningful way and there are three or four or five countries right now on our radar screen that were building plans to move into. So I think the growth will start to show. You know, it takes time to put in place. I think it will find a way, without gaining it in anyway to reveal to show you the progress. It won’t be right away. And -- but I think over the medium term, you look out couple of years, you’re going to see meaningful additional revenue streams that the two of us as one company will be able to get that the two of us independently would never get. And over five years, I think it’s going to be very meaningful revenue that will throw off we’re underwriters, we’re looking for margin. It will throw off meaningful margin.
Josh Stirling: That’s great. That’s great Evan. Thanks for being so comprehensive. If I switch here just briefly, sort of the other side of the coin, integration and sort of operating risk management, sometimes good deals sort of flounder from lack of attention of details once you close [Technical Difficulty] but ultimately, I'm wondering as you think about the history of the industry, you think about other deals that went sideways. What are the big risks for integration and leveraging franchise that you guys are aware of and that you are sort of managing around it to try to avoid them?
Evan Greenberg: I can't point with specificity to what I -- knowing what the failures are. I don’t know them intimately of others. I can give you my own sense of it though. And that is that somehow you make a large acquisition and when it closes, it's like victory. I did it, we’re done. Frankly, from the day we announced or I should say the day after we announced it, we dove right into what it’s going to take to integrate with deepened integration planning. Really it is about detail. It’s about understanding and causing all your colleagues to understand and everyone to conceptualize and then bring it down to a fundamental day-to-day action plan that you can execute, what are your expectations as to the true resource required, what is the organizational structure look like and who are the right people for it. And what is the right cost to improve that kind of a business or that kind of a service organization. And it has been and it is a drains-up exercise that we are going through. You want to get it done reasonably quickly. You can't linger on it where you’re internally focused too much. And then you got to get on from the day you close with the implementation of it. And you can't lose your appetite or your passion for the detail of it. And we’re looking at the detail all the time. And everyone is as we plan it and we know we've got short time so we have to begin executing. And that execution takes time. And it takes you -- when you run the cycle, it takes you two years to get -- to get other than mop up done. And you have been -- you have to be relentless. You can't lose your focus. You can't get bored with it. You got to know what has to happen and you've got -- and it takes leadership to lead people. It’s a long march and you’ve got to lead them from the beginning to the very end and you got to be intimate with it. And at the same time, you've got to -- you've got to in parallel well, create for your organization the vision of why you're doing it because you're doing it for the greater good, you're doing for the efficiency, you're doing it to be competitive, you’re doing it so you can invest and you’ve got to leading to it and show it because in parallel, you've got to move on growth opportunities and show the positive. At the same time, you're working on what is a difficult process of integration. And it takes a wide bench of managers and the managers or the team that has to leave it. And that team is inclusive. It's not we and they. Very quickly it is not ACE and Chubb, it is just Chubb. And it is all of us and it's getting people’s mental mind around that that you are -- that that’s what you’re doing with, we are all colleagues, let’s just get it done together. That’s the whole deal.
Josh Stirling: Okay. Thanks for the color. And good luck for the next quarter’s job.
Evan Greenberg: Got it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Good morning. I want to follow up on that common, Evan, on the high net worth market. I just want to clarify, are you sizing the high net worth personal lines market at around $40 billion, of which the commodities Chubb would have $5 billion currently?
Evan Greenberg: Go ahead, Juan.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So Jay, thanks for that.
Evan Greenberg: You may correct me.
Juan Andrade: The U.S. personal lines market is roughly about $250 billion. I think the last estimate that was out there from Conning and a few others estimates high net worth to be roughly in the $80 billion range. What we’re referring to in the $40 billion range is really a sweet spot in our target clients so what we’d like to go after. And so when we think about our true client strategy of being high net worth, ultra high net worth customers that’s really how we’re sizing that market.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Juan, why would the target market be half to the total?
Juan Andrade: Well, these sort of…
Evan Greenberg: Isn’t that big enough for you?
Jay Gelb: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: You can’t see on that. How about when we get close to that target, well the advice was about the other projects.
Juan Andrade: Okay, Jay. These are approximate numbers and you know the way that does some of the firms out there, the consulting firms etcetera and the research firms identify high net worth is not exactly the way we do it. So for instance, Conning and a lot of the folks out there will define anything over a $1 million in value. Our homes typically are over $2 billion and $3 billion in value and higher. So we do identify subset of that high net worth market. That’s really what we’re looking at.
Jay Gelb: All right. That’s helpful. Then I guess more for Phil.
Phil Bancroft: Don’t worry, you meet our target customers.
Jay Gelb: Actually I am and he is a homeowner’s customer. I don’t think many are asking. It might not be your target market though. With regard to the share buyback story…
Phil Bancroft: Buddy, you always are, go ahead.
Jay Gelb: With regard to the share buybacks, can you kind of clarify what the plan is for 2016, after the merger closes? And then what are you thinking about in terms of share buybacks as a percentage of annual earnings going forward?
Phil Bancroft: Yes. What we’ve said is that for '16 we expect no buybacks and when it gets to '17, we will let you know, right. We will see how the capital develops and we will make that decision as we go into '17 historically.
Jay Gelb: Historically ACE standalone?
Phil Bancroft: Buybacks are not the first thing on our mind.
Jay Gelb: Okay. I mean, historically ACE has repurchased around equivalent of half of annual operating earnings and Chubb was higher, is that half level a potential starting point?
Phil Bancroft: What are you calling historic?
Jay Gelb: 2014.
Phil Bancroft: I will take the last 12 years buddy and I don’t think you would come to that number.
Jay Gelb: All right. And then the last one if I can try on this one. So the ACE’s effective tax rate in the low-teens, Chubb is in the mid-20s including the benefit for Chubb of a big municipal bond portfolio. Is it -- putting those two things together in year one after the transaction, is it then reasonable to expect that new ACE Chubb would have a higher tax rate than ACE on a standalone basis?
Phil Bancroft: That’s the way we planned it, right. We said that we don’t expect to see -- we don’t expect what we haven’t built into our plans any changes to the reinsurance. As you know that our view has been this deal stands up without that and so that’s the way we’re going forward.
Jay Gelb: That’s what I thought too. Thank you.
Phil Bancroft: No material reinsurance.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Sarah DeWitt: Just a follow-up on the tax question. I would think there would be a substantial opportunity that’s putting some internal quota share insurance and came from meaningful savings on the tax side as well. Could you just elaborate on why that would be the case?
Phil Bancroft: No, we are not going any further with that line of thinking, but if you want to elaborate on why you think there is that opportunity, we’re listening.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Yeah. I think it’s -- I would have think it would be like you’d leave any money on the table, I think that would be a meaningful additional revenue treatment in addition to the strategic sense of the deal. Okay. And then just moving on…
Evan Greenberg: I think you -- Sara, I think you are not thinking of it the right way, not the way we think about it. We don’t do internal reinsurance for tax planning purposes and we never have. We do it for capital management purposes and we do it around how we manage our risk exposures and where we pool capital and therefore, pool risk so that we can manage volatility and we can manage our capital exposures that are spread around the world to be able to take the risks we take locally. So if you think that way about it and you put your head around that, I think then that leads you to a whole other line of thinking and I think you then understand why we are not going to expand on that on the call.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Fair enough. And then just the unfavorable development in the A&H business. Could you just elaborate on what drove that and how we should be thinking about the run rate life earnings going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think the A&H, we had a positive prior period development last year and so we just can’t project reserve development. This year, 6 million bucks, it was noise and there's nothing systemic and it was in a portfolio where we just saw that it’s quite profitable portfolio. But the loss ratio was running a little bit higher in there than we had estimated. And so we adjusted for it and just raised it.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Great. Thanks for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vinay Misquith with Sterne, Agee CRT.
Vinay Misquith: Hi. Good morning. The first question is on other soft issues with integration. I'm sure you are doing a lot with the details. But just a big question on the cultural integration. Evan, it would be helpful to hear from you as to your own experiences and what's being done on a firm wide basis to integrate two very different cultures?
Evan Greenberg: I have to tell you, the more we get in and look, and the more we work together, the more in my mind and I think in mind of my colleagues and I believe in the mind of our Chubb colleagues, those who've been working together. The cultural differences, there are far more cultural similarities than cultural differences. And I think the differences have to do a lot with simply speed and have to do with -- in some areas, what we consider what management responsibilities or supervisory level response plays, how broad are your responsibilities. I don't think -- I think what’s so similar is our striving to execute with excellence. Our striving -- we both put a lot of pride on technical excellence, whether it is in underwriting or in claims, or in product, or an actuarial or an accounting. I think you find -- and that’s one of the things we are seeing. Each one comes to the table and has sniffed the other one out as to, how are you about, how detailed are you and how deeply do you think about it. And I think we find that the similarities are gratifying. When we listen to each other's objectives and what you concentrate on and focus on to execute your plans, what's important to you. Speaking very similar ways, when we think about opportunities, we see it in a similar way. Chubb is an older company and has some of the attributes that we admire of an older company that is more mature in some ways in its processes and capabilities. I shout out -- I shout out claims to some degree with more training and development and some areas like that. ACE has invested more in technology. I don’t mind saying that. As an example, we’re both deep into data analytics. Culture requires -- now to answer your question directly, it requires leadership and management to be extremely visible in the behaviors and exhibiting the behaviors that they expect of everyone else. It’s not just what you say, it's how you do it. People watch your actions and then they listen to the exact words you use, not your description of culture but how you live the culture. That is true of the senior most leadership and how we all display it. That then is emulated by the leaders of the next level and on down and it cascades. And that we are all vigilant to reinforce that is important. Yes, at the same time, we have groups working on what I’ll call the more mechanical ends of it, of language that we use in common, so that we know what each other saying of being clear of here some of the behaviors that we all admire and should accelerate, what our brand identity is together. And so we give ourselves a name of -- a meaning behind the name of Chubb. Those are all things that we’re paying attention to and that will happen here. But finally, culture is also built on shared experiences in my experience. And that is the more people work together and have shared experience together, that’s what builds a common team spirit between yourselves. That’s how you take from what starts out as a little more sterile to absolute familiarity and where people really are one because they've gone through it together and you can't short-circuit that. You can try to help it to happen and create those experiences. That will happen over time and you pay attention and you be patient about that part.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. That's helpful. The second question is on the small commercial initiative. My thoughts or my views about small commercial, is that it’s more of a low-touch business versus maybe the middle market to the higher end which is more high-touch? And that does small commercial is driven by technology. So could you help me understand how long do you think you would take to build up your technology? And what sort of investment do you think it would entail for you to be a meaningful player in small commercial?
Kevin Shearan: Stay tuned, Vinay. We’re not going any further with the roadmap.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Kevin Shearan: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Thank you. Lot of my questions have been asked. One other question, so I think you talked about a run rate of $540 million for investment income. I believe last quarter was $550 million, although the new money rates still the same at 2.9%. So what -- it’s not a big number but what changed in the interim?
Evan Greenberg: We have to make estimates of calls and private equity distributions. And in our view, the portfolio is turning over to the new money rate even with the additional cash flow.
Phil Bancroft: FX too.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. We have FX as well and we had at this quarter, the rates, the dollar….
Jay Cohen: Got it. Make sense.
Evan Greenberg: Dollar is strengthened more too, Jay.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Hi. Thank you. At my first, I just wanted to clarify. I believe you said that you hope to close the deal on early first quarter. And if I recall last call, you just have first quarter. Was I -- was I not listening closely enough last quarter or is that a change?
Evan Greenberg: Ian, it’s like Kremlin watches. There is no change, okay.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: No change. You have set the -- we’re not worried about it. Yes, first quarter.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Okay. Just that you obviously got through some approvals already, so I don’t know if that got things up. Okay. So, I also wanted to ask on the personal lines just to understand a little bit better the difference between how you go to market with Chubb and the Fireman’s deal? So if I understood the way you were saying it under Fireman's essentially that name doesn't exist anymore, right. So you’re just going to market that we think when they were new it becomes ACE and if you're going to have two separate papers in the market going forward. It’s obviously, I mean, I just know what I shop before right. You get four or five names that got shown to you. It’s now like you can get 20 like standard market personal auto. So, how in the agent’s mind, are they going to have two, are they going to have representative from ACE and representative from Chubb that they are going to deal with? How do you -- not confuse the agents, I guess, what I’m trying to get at if they are going to have two separate plans?
Evan Greenberg: It’s really -- Ian, it’s very simple. They are going to have one Chubb person call on them. I’m going to ask you a question about your homeowners insurance now. Here is your test buddy.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: You have an insurance company that you bought it from. Do you know the statutory company name on the paper, the actual statutory company name? So for instance, you buy from Chubb, you could be buying -- you are buying federal paper most of the time, do you know it’s federal, where do you buy Chubb?
Ian Gutterman: Understood. Okay.
Evan Greenberg: So in this case, there is going to be under the Chubb brand umbrella multiple statutory entities.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And so if you’re the other statutory, if you bought from Chubb, you’re going to still have Chubb. And there is going to be one Chubb representative calling on your agent who servicing you. I hope you are going to be one of our clients.
Ian Gutterman: I already have though.
Evan Greenberg: And so the underlying paper won't change, it may still say it's American as an example.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Or say federal, that's the only thing we’re saying, you have to distinguish the statutory, that’s it.
Ian Gutterman: I understood. Okay. I want to make sure you won’t go in the market with Chubb was going to…
Evan Greenberg: Oh, no, no. We have a month on month.
Ian Gutterman: I think it’s one handed base, got it. Okay, that’s why it’s already that. Okay. Got it.
Evan Greenberg: What you got. You’ve had two where there has been an emotional and intellectual test year that you're concerned about us right now.
Ian Gutterman: I do. I have in Chubb clients. So I want to make sure you are not going to take away might not -- backup from me.
Evan Greenberg: Your file is on Juan’s desk.
Ian Gutterman: Evan just lastly, you mentioned the asbestos usual analysis in Q4. Just give any changes you're seeing in the environment. We we've seen, I think from others charge continued to pick a little bit, it sounds like there is a little bit of increase sort of the typical increase in defense costs, maybe I don’t know worse maybe or getting more real needs, there was these people are living longer. Anything, any color you can provide on, is it sort of business as usual or is it feel like things are gotten a little worst?
Evan Greenberg: I think it’s business as usual in what remains just a hostile environment. The liabilities are long-dated and they are in run-off, but we don't see any -- we don't see change to the environment. The legal environment has been hostile for years and that remains the mortality tables and means of longer has been baked into the thinking in that environment. You’re right that that is something we've been living with. It’s a dynamic. The plaintiffs going to more peripheral industries and defendants, whether it’s pump manufacturers or those who make flooring has been going for a number of years. So, which end up with in development is really case specific as the cases ultimately develop and settle which is claims work much more than it’s actuarial work.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Okay. Okay. Great. And that’s all I had. I will let ask one off take it. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks.
Helen Wilson: Operator we will take question from one more person today.
Operator: Excellent. And we will go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. So, Evan, just a quick question here. Last quarter I think you mentioned that even with the FX you expect to see mid-single digit revenue growth in the P&C business to year-end. It doesn't look like that’s achievable. What’s changed?
Evan Greenberg: FX.
Brian Meredith: Is FX just worse and you…
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. FX is just worst and that’s primarily, Asia and Latin America economically are a little slower. And you see some softness there, but that impacted us in the third quarter on the margin but marginally. It was more FX, was worse than, we took another leg down, the dollar took another leg up and you saw that. And that was not in our forecast, that was not in what we had forecasted, we did not anticipate that, that is how we would.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then next question, what are the regulatory approval do you still need to close the Chubb transaction, Chubb major ones?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we need, sure, we need and -- we need Insurance Department approvals.
Brian Meredith: Okay. [Indiscernible]
Joe Wayland: Different countries.
Evan Greenberg: Six or seven, Joe is, go ahead.
Joe Wayland: Yeah. We need approvals from six or seven state insurance departments and we need approvals from about same number of foreign regulators as well.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then last question, Evan, so ACE is known as a very efficient operator out there, as one of the big insurance company. I am just curious when you look at Chubb what disciplines and what area do you think you could make the more efficient, are there area that you kind of identified?
Evan Greenberg: Not so much merger synergies but more what Chubb does.
Phil Bancroft: I don’t know enough yet, I can tell you one thing that what I -- they are thoughtful underwriters, thoughtful leaders, that way and how they think about their domain and their business, and we have seen that. And they have been very, they are thoughtful and how they manage claims and a lot of expertise. I doubt we are going lend a lot of benefit to their fundamental underwriting thinking. I think there will be colleagues and it will be on the margin that we will each find it. I think some of our rigors and process around enterprise risk management, and how we think about it and how we think about concentrations of exposure, and how we think about using our own capital and industry capital to manage that. I think they will -- I think that putting the two together we will gain from that. I think we will both gain from the insights overtime. It’s not like throw the switch into the data and analytics of the two of us in that regard. I think that ACE, Chubb has deep distribution knowledge and experience in agency that will help us, help ACE. On the other side of the coin ACE has very broad distribution capabilities and experience in other channels of distribution, including direct response and we have technology in those areas that I think will overtime we will mix and match for each other, and help improve our overall distribution management.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you.
Helen Wilson: That’s all the time we have today. So thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the…
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you again for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer John Keogh - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Sean Ringsted - Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Gelb - Barclays Meyer Shields - KBW Larry Greenberg - Janney Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to ACE Limited Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations.
Helen Wilson: Thank you and welcome to the ACE Limited June 30, 2015 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions, including foreign exchange, and completion and integration of acquisitions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for 1 month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. ACE produced excellent second quarter results, with earnings per share essentially flat with prior year. Earnings and revenue growth were strong in spite of foreign exchange and market conditions that are growing more competitive. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $788 million, or $2.40 per share. Our annualized operating return on equity was 11.4%, a good return on shareholder capital. Underwriting results in the quarter were excellent. We produced $478 million of total P&C underwriting income, flat with prior year and up 5.5% on a constant dollar basis. The P&C combined ratio was 87.7% and the P&C current accident year combined ratio, excluding cat losses, was 88.4% versus 88.7% prior year. Cat losses were up relative to prior year by $44 million pre-tax, as a result of increased cat activity around the world. And positive prior period reserve development was up modestly as well. All divisions produced outstanding calendar year and current accident year results in the quarter. This was the first quarter that included the contributions of the Fireman’s Fund U.S. high net worth business, which contributed to both revenue and earnings, including a $15 million non-recurring benefit to operating income. On the other hand, foreign exchange negatively impacted operating income by $29 million. We produced $562 million investment income, up 3% in constant dollars. This is a very good result given the interest rate environment and speaks to our strong cash flow. Book value per share growth was flat in the quarter affected by the impact of a rise in interest rates on our corporate bond portfolio. Frankly, it’s sustainable. I view this as a positive. The mark-to-market hit is simply a question of timing since we are essentially a buy-and-hold bond investor, while higher rates mean greater investment income over time. Phil will have more to say about the impact of Fireman’s Fund on revenue and earnings, our investment portfolio, prior year’s reserve development and cat losses. The big news in the quarter obviously was our announced agreement to acquire Chubb. And I must tell you I am even more excited and convinced of the potential opportunity and the fit in terms of talent and complementary capabilities. The senior leadership of both companies met for 2.5 days last week for integration planning purposes and the chemistry, the optimism, the energy and the earnestness to succeed couldn’t have been better. I am awfully impressed by the sub-leadership my colleagues and I met. They are peers. We are moving quickly. We have initiated the process for teams to be engaged on integration planning that covers all businesses and functional areas of both companies. We are planning to file an S-4 by the end of the month. And following that, we’ll each set the date for shareholders’ votes, which should occur somewhere between the end of September and the end of October. We are preparing to file for regulatory approvals. And as we said, we expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of ‘16. Turning to revenue growth, global P&C net premiums, excluding agriculture, grew about 6.5% in the quarter or over 13% on a constant dollar basis. The assumption of the unearned premium from the in-force Fireman’s Fund portfolio contributed about 6.5% to this growth and it is non-recurring. Once again, we expect global P&C premium revenue growth on a published basis for the balance of the year will be mid single-digit in spite of foreign exchange. In North America, net premiums for P&C, excluding crop and the non-recurring premiums from the Fireman’s Fund transaction, grew 6% in constant dollars in both our large commercial business, ACE USA and in ACE Westchester E&S, net premiums declined about 4%. There were some one-time items in ‘14 that distorted second quarter growth, and as such, we expect premium growth in our U.S. commercial business to improve for the balance of the year. We grew over 20% in ACE commercial risk services, which serves the small to mid-market clients. Turning to our international operations, P&C net premiums in ACE International were up over 11% in constant dollars. Latin America and Asia had strong growth, with net premiums up 25% and 14% respectively, while premiums in Europe were down 1%. In our London-based E&S business, premiums were down 16% as we shed business in an increasingly competitive London wholesale market. In our A&H insurance business, net premiums were up over 4% globally in constant currency. A&H premiums internationally were up about 5%, led by Asia with growth of 17%. Premiums for combined insurance were up about 3.5%, with our North American business up nearly 6%. Net premiums for personal lines globally, excluding the non-recurring premium from Fireman’s Fund, were up 46%. Our Asia-focused international life insurance business had a good quarter, with net premiums up 7.5% in constant currency. And finally, in our Global Re business, net premiums declined 6% due to market conditions. I want to now say a few more words about current commercial P&C insurance market conditions. The underwriting environment continued to soften in the quarter for our commercial P&C business globally. As I have been saying, the underlying pattern we have seen over the last few quarters is that large account business is more competitive than midsized, wholesale is more competitive than retail, and property more so than casualty-related. Taking our U.S. commercial P&C business by its components and starting with our large and upper middle-market retail business, ACE USA general and specialty casualty-related pricing was up 2% in the quarter and varied by line. For example, large account risk management-related casualty pricing was up less than 1%; excess casualty was up about 2.5%; foreign casualty pricing was up by 0.5%; and management and professional liability pricing was flat. Property-related pricing was down 10%, a steeper decline from prior quarter. New business activity slowed as expected and renewal retention levels are good. Both reflect market conditions and our underwriting discipline. We will not chase under-priced business. For our U.S. retail business, the renewal retention rate, as measured by premium was 89%. Turning to our U.S. E&S business, casualty rates were up less than 1% in the quarter, professional lines was up 2% while property was down about 10%. Internationally, commercial P&C insurance market conditions also grew more competitive. Again, for the business we wrote, casualty rates were down two, property was down seven and financial lines were down four. Rates in both Asia and Latin America overall were down 7%, led by property, while rates on the continent in the UK were down 2%. In our London market E&S business, rates were down 8% in the quarter. For our commercial P&C business, we are ameliorating the impact of pricing on our combined ratio through a combination of mix shift, targeting classes with better margin, portfolio management that informs underwriting actions, including tighter individual risk selection and pricing actions in more stressed areas as well as better marketing and new product innovation. As you know, personal lines, small commercial and A&H, are about 40% of ACE’s business. And for these lines, rates were flat to up mid single-digit depending on portfolio and territory. John Keogh, John Lupica and Juan Andrade can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, we produced good results this quarter despite the strong dollar. As you can see given our breadth of product, customer segment, distribution and territory, we continue to capitalize on areas that represent attractive opportunities to grow profitably. With that, I will turn the call over to Phil and then we will come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thanks, Evan. Book value per share grew 0.5% for the quarter and 1.4% for the year. Book value growth for the quarter was adversely impacted by rising interest rates, which resulted in realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio of $602 million after-tax. These losses were partially offset by favorable foreign currency movements of $103 million after-tax and realized gains of $102 million after-tax related to our variable annuity reinsurance business. Tangible book value per share declined 1.5% for the quarter and increased 0.3% for the year. In addition to net realized and unrealized losses and favorable FX for the quarter, tangible book value per share was negatively impacted by goodwill and intangibles related to the Fireman’s Fund acquisition. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, tangible book value per share increased 0.5% for the quarter and 2.3% for the year. We had strong operating cash flow of $816 million that benefited net investment income. Investment income of $562 million, which was impacted negatively by $11 million of foreign exchange versus prior year, was better than expected due to higher private equity distributions and call activity in our corporate bond portfolio. Our strong cash flow will continue to benefit our estimated quarterly investment income run rate of $550 million even with current new money rates of 2.9% versus our current book yield of 3.6%. The estimated investment income run rate is subject to variability in portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our net loss reserves were up about $100 million for the quarter after adjusting for foreign exchange and the Fireman’s Fund acquisition. The paid to incurred ratio was 94%. In the quarter, we had net positive prior period development of $153 million pre-tax, approximately half from long-tail lines principally from 2010 and prior years. The remainder was from short-tail lines. Cat losses were $106 million after-tax in the quarter, primarily from the number of U.S. weather events, hailstorms in Australia and floods in Chile. North American P&C net premiums written included $252 million from the transfer of the Fireman’s Fund’s business in-force at the time of the transaction. Underwriting income included $50 million from Fireman’s Fund that will be non-recurring in 2016. This amount is the result of eliminating the deferred acquisition costs or DAC associated with the Fireman’s Fund’s business at the time of the close as part of purchase accounting. Future amortization of the DAC is also eliminated. The North American current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats and the non-recurring underwriting benefit from Fireman’s Fund, was 87.9% compared with 87.3% last year. The non-recurring underwriting benefit from Fireman’s Fund was partially offset by purchase accounting intangible amortization included in other income of $29 million. This produced a non-recurring net operating income benefit from the in-force business as Evan noted of $15 million. Total capital returned to shareholders during the quarter was $610 million, including $390 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. The company has discontinued its share repurchase program in connection with the announced planned acquisition of Chubb. I will turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, Phil. At this point, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Evan I just had one question that you guys just came back from meeting with Chubb management for a couple of days, as far as Chubb’s business, I mean obviously, expenses are higher, certainly a different brand presence in personal lines. How do you balance maintaining that brand with talking about expense synergies and looking to optimize on that front? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Michael, good question, expense synergies aren’t about in some blind way, simply trying to get every dollar of efficiency in a sterile view out of it. Chubb, as ACE does each have virtues to their model and their franchise as to how they operate. The core of Chubb is an agency franchise and a smaller customer segment, more work intensive, very local. The service model, very high quality, local service in both underwriting and in claims, we are very mindful of all of that. And so when you look at – and when you take that, you can’t also say, well service is simply a mindless word for a shield against inefficiency. There is a tremendous duplication of expenses between the two companies in functions where you don’t need two of everything. And that varies by geography that varies by function that varies by business. And we didn’t use just some arbitrary rule of thumb when we came to our target number of $650 million. It’s a conservative thoughtful estimate. We went function by function, geography by geography. We have done many acquisitions before. And I don’t mind telling you that we actually came up with an even higher number, but being mindful that we are going to balance culture, we are going to balance service and quality and what the franchise is about with a competitive profile of the combined companies that necessarily will operate efficiently. All of that together makes us to how we have arrived at what we think is a thoughtful target.
Michael Nannizzi: Great, thanks. And then Phil, I guess one follow-up on just a numbers question, if you look at the expense ratio in North America was a little bit lower in the quarter and then there is some noise in ag. Was there anything unusual in the quarter? And I am guessing I wonder if some of the Fireman’s Fund adjustments went through as a contract expense potentially, maybe some color on that? Thanks.
Phil Bancroft: The – with respect to agriculture, I think Evan said a few quarters ago that we would expect a combined ratio of about 91% and we are close to that. We have changed a little bit the timing of the recognition of our premium as it relates to – I mean of the premium recognition as it relates to the government program, and we have made some additional investments in our non-MPCI P&C agriculture business. So, I would say nothing significant.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. And then do you have an underlying ex-Fireman’s Fund adjustment like just so we can kind of square that away for the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: When you say under, you mean….
Michael Nannizzi: Yes, so, you have the $49 million, obviously you have the goodwill in there as well, but just to make sure that it seemed like about 130 basis points. Is that how we should...
Phil Bancroft: We gave you an 87.9 ex-cat current accident year combined ratio versus last year of 87.2 with North America P&C, does that – and so that’s eliminating that one-time.
Michael Nannizzi: That is, okay.
Phil Bancroft: Does that help you with that?
Michael Nannizzi: That’s the answer I needed. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Hello.
Helen Wilson: Let’s move to the next person operator, please.
Operator: We will go to Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Evan Greenberg: Move to the next one operator, please.
Operator: Go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Hello.
Helen Wilson: God ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Can you guys hear me?
Helen Wilson: Yes.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, sorry about that. So, I just wanted to ask on the Chubb International business. I think there is 3 or 4 bill premium there and I was just hoping maybe for some detail on how ACE thinks and maybe able to leverage its own international business and maybe improve the profitability there, because I think it’s been somewhat of an under earner in the past relative at least in their broader personal lines?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. As I am sure you know, a minority percentage of that business is personal lines actually and it’s more commercial lines and specialty on some large account, but quite middle market-oriented. And Chubb is an old – has an old network and has been added for a long time. There will be a lot of efficiency we will gain between the two operations, because they are a duplication. Our plan is to integrate Chubb’s international business into ACE’s. So, we will have only one statutory entity in the geographies and the vast, vast majority of those will be ACE entities. Canada is an exception. We will integrate ACE into Chubb up in Canada. There are many good people in Chubb’s international operations. And so along with that business, there is a marginal cost. You got to be able to service that business and you have got to be able to underwrite it, you got insight into distribution of it. There are a lot of good people who are going to bring a lot of value to ACE’s international operation along with that business. We will, as I said, it’s marginal cost and we will, at the same time, eliminate duplication of cost and function across geographies. In particular what we see and we can see it by specific geographies is there is real opportunity internationally given what they have built in middle-market in particular in certain territories to take advantage of that and add meaningfully to product, add meaningfully to the leverage of some of that talent to helping some other tangential territories that are around the countries, where that talent resides now. I hope that helps you with it.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, that’s helpful, Evan. Thanks. And then I guess my follow-up is just on U.S. personal lines and just trying to understand, obviously ACE and Chubb have different products and how do we think about with the two entities coming together, are we going to see just Chubb’s product or is there a place for both products? And a broader question I guess is what’s been the reaction so far from independent agents in personal lines given two of the biggest high net worth providers announced a combination?
Evan Greenberg: I think around the – you can’t see my colleagues shaking their heads around the room. We are puzzled by the question by the comment with all due respect of different product. They are substantially the same product. We are both covering the needs of a high net worth customer. Each of us may have a slightly different risk appetite depending on the cohort of customer. ACE may have been focused a little more on international. Chubb has capabilities in product that is very old and very deep. And so frankly, we actually see the product integration as very complementary and quite comfortable. For agents and brokers, they want to know that we are going to behave in the similar way. They want to know that we are going to covet Chubb’s claims capability and service, which is simply renowned. And I can guarantee you we are going to do that. And they will be leading those efforts. And so frankly, we think for agents it brings them a superior ultimate offering. Agents want to know that we are going to maintain compensation structures and that by the way, that we are going to keep the agency, the independent agency system as a centerpiece of distribution here to the customers. And we are being loud and clear that that is without a doubt. And so I think in this case, it’s good news for agents and for brokers and for customers. By the way, the two of us on one hand may appear significant in that business. On the other hand, it depends on how you define the business. The cohort of high net worth personal lines potential customers and our own estimation is north of $40 billion and it resides on the books of so many traditional personal lines carriers around the United States. And our objective is to identify those customers and make them aware of our offerings and give them product that’s more appropriate to their needs for many of them than what they have today.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And from the product standpoint just wanted to confirm that broadly speaking, there is not a big difference in price point of what ACE was offering in Chubb. I guess that’s more of what I was getting at?
Evan Greenberg: Ryan, that really varies. It’s – that varies by state, by company that is writing, by vintage of policyholder. And as you know, there is tier pricing that is employed that allows you to more finely risk rate the business. And I think that’s where a lot of that noise that you might see from the outside arises and – but clear eyed and thoughtful underwriters in portfolio management know how to rationalize that and it’s not as chaotic as you might imagine from the outside at all.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks a lot, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for the – we had some technical difficulties. [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Greenberg: Charles, can you hear us?
Charles Sebaski: Hello, I can hear you.
Evan Greenberg: Okay, now I can hear you.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Charles Sebaski: I had a question on the growth strategy with you and Chubb and I guess on the product line, I was wondering if you could give, not on the personal, but on the small commercial middle market, which products you really see as being the best position for you to be able to introduce to the Chubb distribution, where do you think the strength that you guys obviously have a very broad product offering on the commercial side. Where do you see the most natural early fits for the growth plan going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Charles, we are on one hand, some of it is a little premature. I am going to give you a general feel. Some of it is a little premature and we also have plenty of competitors who listen to the phone calls and we are hardly going to hand a roadmap to everybody. But you can imagine, Chubb does a great job in traditional middle market products and some specialty products and towards industry verticals that they are such a great deep knowledge of and are great at. On the other hand, imagine the products that ACE sells, everything from environmental liability to farm and ranch to product recall, the construction and we could go on and on with a lot of product that will enhance the offerings to those verticals and also might help to expand into a few others as we go along. That’s middle market, and that is distinct from small commercial, which we have each been have sort of nascent efforts towards that we will endeavor to pursue in a far more meaningful way. And I think that will present substantial opportunity. At the same time, I don’t mind telling you while we have product synergies that we imagined around the world, whether it is cross-selling, which we are not probably in is about cross-selling, whether it is new product or new customer cohort, we also imagined revenue dyssynergy in the early years where we have overlap and duplication, where some agents may or brokers may think over concentration in an area, in the line of business and the customer, etcetera and any of our projections also recognize those. There is puts and calls in the early 2 years or 3 years about – between dysynergies and synergies. Revenue synergies, we imagine will be – will appear in a real way by year 3 and year 4, meaningful year 5 substantial.
Charles Sebaski: Do you guys need to put on more people for the middle market product offering into that independent agency channel, I mean given Chubb’s underwriters have theirs, it doesn’t, you say there is no more people needed to service that model?
Evan Greenberg: Not really. Not from what we – no.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. Thanks for your answers.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: I wanted to follow up on the Chubb’s acquisitions on the double-digit earnings accretion, what is the net assumption for net revenue synergies and where do you think there could be upside, could there – could you buy less reinsurance, could you put in some internal quarter shares, reduce the tax rate or reinvest the big portfolio?
Evan Greenberg: Sarah we are not going into that detail of specifics of the sources of earnings accretion and how much is coming from revenue and how much is coming from expense. And we are certainly not going into details about reinsurance. That is actually a competitive secret that we don’t – we are not going into.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, fair enough. And then I would be interested in getting your broader thoughts on industry consolidation, what inning do you think we are in, in the consolidation wave and do you think you will see more large primary insurers respond to your Chubb acquisition with big deals?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I have got a pretty full plate and really I am pretty absorbed in all the things around ACE and around Chubb. I don’t know what my competitors are imagining or doing at the moment. I don’t know what inning we are in. I can’t really opine on that. I imagine there will be more acquisition, but I have been reading lately that there will be more large acquisitions because of ACE and Chubb. When I think about it, I am not sure that’s right. I can’t speak with any certainty but first of all, most of my or many of my competitors are very thoughtful and they are good operators and they are good stewards. They attempt to be good stewards of shareholder money. And they have a good sense of strategy for their companies. Anybody who thinks that way, first of all is going to look at an acquisition not from a point of size, they are going to look at it at the intrinsic value due to the characteristics of that to be acquired holds. And whether it is truly value-creating in a transformative way, otherwise you don’t do something large. ACE Chubb is a very unique opportunity and we took advantage of that opportunity. And I believe my Chubb colleagues who know that who are aware of the insights behind it, feel the same way about that opportunity. And so when others are thinking about transformative, well they have got to imagine, it’s not simply about size, what does it bring to you. And there are too many obvious combinations when you think that way.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thanks for the answer.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you. First question Evan, you commented on the pricing detail. Thank you so much for the details. But the pricing looks like more competitive, especially on large accounts, property and wholesale. Some of your industry peers opine that the market is now is more disciplined in terms of better data analytics and this still low interest rate environment. So, just wonder what’s your take on that and do you believe the pricing competitive enough, the pricing will get any worse from here and what that to do with your underwriting margin going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Kai, first of all, yes I think that pricing is going to become more competitive from here. And I think, ultimately listen that gets reflected in margins and there is no two ways about that. I described to you and have many times the levers we have to pull in ameliorating that margin impact, 40% of our business is probably not subject to cycle nearly the same way. And we have a lot of portfolio management and underwriting discipline insight and product mix and territory mix that allows us to ameliorate, but you don’t eliminate that and it will have an impact on margins in due course on one hand. Number two, I think the question about cycle management and data and all of that, I think you can’t paint it with a broad brush. And I think those who do are simply, they are overly simplistic in either how they think or certainly in how they describe certain areas of the business where you have broad distribution reach to get the customer, where you have more homogeneous pools of risk, lower severity-related, higher frequency-related, I think that is where there is a bit more discipline at least at this time. So, you would say more smaller commercial, more middle-market commercial, I think that is less subject though hardly immune on one hand. I think as you get up to upper middle-market, larger risk, I think you have a lot of players with a lot less data. People are buying much bigger limits, so you have a lot piling on to the same risk who just have capital and an underwriter and a dog and are chasing some volume. And there I don’t see that same sort of well. The insights of analytics will ameliorate a market cycle.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much.
Evan Greenberg: Everybody wants to put everything into one neat sentence and how the market works on a bumper sticker. And you know what? It’s a lot bigger, it’s a lot farer ranging and it’s a lot more dynamic and open and market and free market-oriented and messy therefore than you can fit on – in 10 easy-to-say words.
Kai Pan: That’s great. Second question is switching to Banco Itaú’s P&C business, just wonder what’s the progress of the integration over there in related to the – in particular, the economy in Brazil as well as any potential claims from the Petrobras investigation?
Evan Greenberg: In a word, that’s going very well. It’s – and I am going to let John Keogh indulge on that.
John Keogh: Sure. Yes. I will pick up – first integration piece of it is currently on our plan and our trajectory to bring it to organizations together by end of the year. We have received regulatory approval to do that as especially economy and Petrobras, it’s – you all read the same thing and understand that, that investigation is widespread and growing. We are obviously keeping a very close on it as it develops and mindful of the implications of it. But having said that as we look at the current state of all we know, there is nothing we have seen in terms of claims to our business in Brazil right now that is significant or material. Now, certainly the economy is in bad shape. Nothing we are imagining in the near-term that suggests it will get better. Any implications for that right now in terms of the competitive market in Brazil is possible? It’s one of the more difficult markets right now that we are operating in. And we have got good operators in the ground and understand that through a market like this before from doing a conduit like this before in Brazil and we continue to perform well there.
Evan Greenberg: What we can tell you is that the Itaú ACE franchise is a very powerful franchise in the commercial P&C business in Brazil with deep relationships. And they have done a very good job of maintaining the portfolio. And at the same time, they are very good underwriters and boy they do know how to use reinsurance. There is a very hungry market down there and yet our operation because of relationships has a lot of influence and controls a lot of customer on access. So, in many cases, the road to your share of that business comes through us.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Lastly, just quick number question, on the Fireman’s Funds that you mentioned like a $50 million non-recurring of the component of that, the $49 million benefit is non-recurring, but the $29 million amortization. Would that be recurring?
Phil Bancroft: Those components recur, but the net of the two is very small for the remainder of the year.
Kai Pan: But is that the $29 million going to like going forward lasting for several years or not?
Phil Bancroft: No, it would just be for the remainder of this year.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Well, thank you so much.
Phil Bancroft: But you heard him, Kai, that net $15 million we had diminishes significantly as you go to the rest of the year.
Kai Pan: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, good morning. A couple of questions here for you. First, Evan, we have talked about pricing, I wonder if you could give us an update on kind of what’s happening with loss trend right now, maybe domestically in the U.S. and internationally commercial and personal?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The – I will ask Sean to opine a little bit on it, but it isn’t any different than we saw last quarter or the quarter before. It’s quite steady. And loss cost is running higher than pricing.
Sean Ringsted: That’s right. We are not seeing any material changes in claims frequency in the quarter or year-to-date, Brian, trends generally in line with our implementations for the current accident year. On workers’ comp as a reminder that’s risk management ground up, loss frequency is slightly lower in our casualty and professional lines we mentioned before, we see frequency changes up and down, but that’s in line with the portfolio management and underwriting actions that Evan mentioned nothing systemic or broad-based that we are seeing there.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. And then second question here, Evan, it’s a combined company, Chubb ACE is going to generate a ton of cash flow. And if I look at Chubb and ACE’s capital management strategies, they were kind of different strategies. I am just wondering once you guys have reached your kind of desired leverage with respect to debt to cap, do you see kind of the ACE strategy kind of evolving any more closer to kind of what the Chubb strategy was or do you think it will be roughly similar?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think it will evolve. I think it’s – I don’t see it as sort of the Chubb strategy, which was fundamentally to return all the capital you generate and maybe not have the same level of investment for growth that ACE has had. And our appetite to invest for thoughtful growth will not go away. We keep a – we keep faith that we have a franchise to build and we will continue to build and we will continue to invest in that and that’s organic fundamentally. Remember, two-thirds of ACE’s growth came organically prior to Chubb and one-third through acquisition. We will maintain, as Chubb has some level of prudence of capital for flexibility, for opportunity and for risk. And beyond that, I think as you said, you are going to generate a substantial amount of cash flow. And we had already been returning capital to shareholders excess of what we thought we required for the things I just enumerated. And we will continue on that track. And I think the numbers will just be larger, because the total is going to be significantly larger.
Brian Meredith: I think it’s very helpful.
Evan Greenberg: What did you want to say?
Phil Bancroft: I was just going to say I think as we have talked about it, it will be a smaller percentage. It might be a larger number in terms of the total quantum, but a smaller number relative to the total amortization, right, total capital.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, sure. Does that help you, Brian?
Brian Meredith: Yes, I think that’s helpful. So, you are into smaller number you are meaning versus what Chubb was doing historically?
Evan Greenberg: Not dollar number, he was saying percentage of the balance sheet. That’s all.
Brian Meredith: Got it. Helpful. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thank you. I have two unrelated questions. The first was with regard to the global property/casualty growth profile for the rest of 2015. I believe the term we use was revenue growth. Is that consistent with earned premium growth?
Phil Bancroft: Written premium growth.
Jay Gelb: Written, okay, thank you. And then the second question, Evan, is with ACE buying Chubb and Chubb – I am sorry and the combined company assuming the Chubb brand in the marketplace, does that also mean that from a corporate perspective the Chubb name will be adopted, including things like the stock symbol?
Evan Greenberg: Including things like what?
Jay Gelb: The stock symbol.
Evan Greenberg: The stock symbol? Yes, sir.
Jay Gelb: Okay. So the combined company going forward will be Chubb Corp?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we haven’t said Corp., but it will be Chubb. It will be Chubb something. It might be Chubb Limited at the parent. We have ACE Group Holdings as intermediate holding company. It may be Chubb Group Holdings. We haven’t really come to that part exactly, but you get kind of thinking about it, but the symbol will be Chubb. And we will start at the top and we will be unequivocal.
Jay Gelb: Thanks for clarifying.
Evan Greenberg: We are all in Jay.
Operator: We will go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of small ball questions. One is there any guidance on the ramp-up of Fireman’s Fund related DAC amortization?
Phil Bancroft: When we say ramp up, do you mean – so we have said that the DAC amortization that did not occur in the first quarter was about $50 million. And that was offset to some extent by the amortization of the intangible gets established at that point. And what I said just a little bit earlier was as you go into the out quarters of this year those two numbers are also almost equivalent and will have very little bottom line impact of the two.
Meyer Shields: Right. But we should be reverting in a few changes we get in the year?
Phil Bancroft: That’s $50 million, it will be more than $50 million in the year, it was $50 million in the first quarter. There will be some amounts in each of the subsequent quarters, almost directly offset by the amortization of the intangible in those later quarters. As the new business emerges, we will be establishing DAC on that and then it will reestablish itself just like a normal line of business.
Meyer Shields: Alright. Okay, perfect. And also there was a bit of a ramp up or I am sorry, bit of a year-over-year increase in DAC in overseas general and reinsurance, is there something we could talk about what’s going on?
Evan Greenberg: How about we take that one offline with you?
Phil Bancroft: Are you talking about the DAC amortization of those two?
Meyer Shields: Yes. The policy acquisition cost ratio.
Phil Bancroft: Okay. I will take that offline.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Larry Greenberg: Hi, good morning. I am sorry to beat the dead horse on the Fireman’s Fund, I just want to be sure I understand, so the – on the underwriting side of it, the full impact was the DAC, that would have flowed in the expense ratio and that would have been the only ratio other than the combined, obviously that would have been impacted am I thinking about that right?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It will be a reduction. We didn’t have the DAC amortization, so it would have been reduction to acquisition costs. And at the same time, it’s an increase to the other income for the amortization of the intangible.
Phil Bancroft: But Larry, you said something that actually we should correct, that’s not the full underwriting impact of the Fireman’s Fund in the quarter, that’s the one-time. There was a modest amount of ongoing and we haven’t disclosed that amount. We don’t do that.
Larry Greenberg: Right, got it. Thank you. And then Evan just a general question on the deal, obviously there is going to be a lot of accounting noise related to the transaction. And from our standpoint, it’s going to be challenging to really track the true economic returns that you will be generating. And I have always viewed you as being very focused on tangible book value and growing tangible book value. And you have been very clear on how much you believe in this transaction and the merits of the transaction and I think we could probably put together your willingness to accept the tangible book value dilution in the deal. But I guess my question is just how difficult was it for you to get over the dilution hurdle, just maybe if you could share some thoughts on that?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Actually, that’s a really good question and because frankly you hit at the – maybe the nut of it for me. I had looked at this before over the years. And the tangible book value dilution stopped me in my tracks each time. I was unwilling to accept it. In June, I had a lot of time on my hands idle sitting because I broke my leg. And I would like to sit and think when I usually, pretty active guy. And actually, I spend a lot of time thinking about that. And what I realized, I came to is in my own mind, everybody sees their own judgment. In my own judgment, I was thinking incorrectly about this that actually it wasn’t the question of the dilution, it was the question really of how long does it take you to get back to where you were and how much faster, therefore will tangible book value grow. And will the value creation take place from there. And by the way, that then will tie me back into book value and ROE, which I want to speak about for a minute. And what I came to in my own mind was that if the dilution, if you could come back to where you actually are right now in 3 years, then that’s a period of time of enough certainty to make to get beyond three, you are a little more aspirational, you are less certain. But all else being equal, that is all the assumptions are reasonably conservative and I believe in them of how you get back to that number. Then given the value creation that goes on for many years to come and all that you are getting from it that was a price willing – I am willing to pay. And the way I think about that is how you come back to book value. Book value grows tangible, but book grows immediately mid single-digit. And while ROE is relative – it’s basically flat. It’s basis points dilutive out of the gate. It’s basis points accretive after 3 years, but that’s a head fake to me, because it’s the book value now has substantially more goodwill in it. And that goodwill is of a very high quality, because it’s an income producing assets and it’s a great income producing asset, it’s Chubb. And the quality of it, the certainty of it, the ability to grow it, that is what’s meaningful. And so I think that income producing assets and I think of that as levered over that tangible book value. And you start growing mid-teens tangible book out of the gate. And so that’s how I thought in total and it all linked back to me about that tangible book dilution of why you would do that. I hear people talk about ROE and that it’s not ROE accretive. Well, that's because you have now you have to think a little differently. You have levered up your book value with an income producing asset, that goodwill, but you are – so your ROE is necessarily maybe not accretive, but your book value grows more quickly. So when you think of the formula of price-to-book, which is really about ROE against book value, book value grows more quickly where ROE is less accretive. And you come to the same place in a price-to-book multiple. So if that helps you, that’s the total of how I thought about it.
Larry Greenberg: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Thanks. Good morning, Evan. I wanted to address and Larry just stole my thunder a little bit, but I wanted to address sort of the two objections I hear from people who are less optimistic about this deal from investors and analysts and why don’t we just continue the tangible book theme because that’s when it comes up a lot. I agree with most of what you said. I guess I would add even further I don’t understood why tangible book value is a good way to look at your company. And I guess the reason I would say that is because you could have paid $80 for Chubb and you still would have sort of had intangibles, goodwill sort of a few billion dollars. And in that case, I think no one would say that is bad will, if you will, right? And so why should we assume any dollar paid above book value for Chubb is bad, right? Is it the real way to look at that is reported book value, because if you overpaid, you will have a low ROE and reported book value going forward. If you underpaid, you would have a higher ROE and reported book value going forward. So, why is tangible book value even a relevant metric for you guys in that banks where it regulates your capital? I think reported book is the better metric.
Evan Greenberg: You know what, pick your poison. I think they are both good metrics. I agree with you that you are just coming around. I think what you are saying to me is the same thing that goodwill is an income-producing asset and it’s a very high quality. And I think that really gets to be the question. Is it of low quality? Will it ultimately be impaired? Is it – and it’s all that, that it represents and I agree with that. I also agree that when you are looking at the economics of these, you got to look through a bit the accounting and the intangible amortization to see the true wealth economic, wealth creation that is taking place. On the other side of the coin, as an operator, I will say that tangible is your most constraining factor. Everything comes off of tangible and all leverage, your most constraining is tangible. And we are a balance sheet business and you can only pay claims out of tangible capital. And by the way, regulatory and rating agency is about tangible capital. That’s your ticket to operate and to grow and flexibility. And so you can’t ignore tangible, but I recognize how you are thinking, which is simply from a financial perspective and industrial perspective rather than an operating perspective if you got to think both. So, I don’t disagree with you, but I think you need to be balanced here, Ian. And also, I think where people are coming from about the tangible, it’s – if you could say I am growing at mid-teens, it’s telling you that, that goodwill, which is so much bigger on the balance sheet, that is a – it is a levered asset that is income producing and that’s what you have to square the circle against those who then talk about ROE, but it’s then again as I said versus a book value that grows more quickly.
Ian Gutterman: Agreed. And then the other one I have heard bunches, very few people seem to want to give credit for future revenue synergies just because historically for most companies that tends not to materialize as much as cost synergies, but the way I hear you talk about it and even in the slides in the release suggesting that the revenue synergies could be in the same ballpark as the cost synergies by year five. Can you maybe just talk a little bit more about how confident you are in achieving that year five number? And what the risk are, because I think people are kind of being a little too dismissive of that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Listen, I understand the cynicism around it. And frankly, when I look at these things, often I am very cynical about them. The notion of well, we will just cross-sell a lot is frankly I think it’s generally wishful thinking. It doesn’t happen the same way. When we talk about introducing more product to begin with by the way, it’s not simply that we are going to cross-sell to the existing customer who bought three, they are now going to buy four. No, I don’t see it that way. I see that here is the substantial distribution with a brand name that we will have access to and those agents and brokers that we don’t have big relationship with, they have dose cohorts of risk on their books now. They have those customers now. And as Chubb is able to introduce more products, we will write more business from those agents that I feel confident about. Number two, I do think there is a certain amount of cross-sell. And I think it’s because the products are offered more in a menu of – in either a menu or a package and I think we can broaden that up. I think they are buying. It’s not a nice to have. They are buying it now from someone else and Chubb will be able to offer that. Number three, I think the markets we are going to drop down into in customer segment or go up to and broaden our product offering in the middle-market, upper middle-market in USA, I think is extremely real. I think the problem is when you talk about this, you are not going to do it out-of-the-box year one when you are integrating and you are setting things up. I think you have to be willing to give it an amount of time. The first three years is really about the expense synergies we are going to recognize, but I can tell you as we all sat down last week even to talk about what the future could look like, where our minds were, our Chubb colleagues were – their minds were in the same place. And they recognize the same opportunities and we are both silver operators. We are all about execution, recognizing that strategy is only 10%. The rest is about executing. And we all pride ourselves on execution and we are all pretty conservative. And so are we all wrong? I don’t think so. I don’t think so at all. So, I actually do think one plus one together is going to equal much more than the two separately. And by the way without being dismissive, disrespectful, anything, I believe that Chubb, a great company has underinvested in the last number of years. And that growth, a portion of that growth comes from sort of correcting for that.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. So, bottom line, you….
Evan Greenberg: This will be a religious discussion, Ian. It’s a faith until you see it and….
Ian Gutterman: Right, right. But you don’t view that as a stretch goal if I ask you in 2020, did you get several billion of incremental premium? That’s not a stretch goal that’s something you think is readily twofold?
Evan Greenberg: I do. We didn’t put stretch goals in this. We pitched it up the middle.
Ian Gutterman: Perfect. Alright, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Helen Wilson: Operator, we have time for just one last question to ask questions please.
Operator: Our final question – we will go to our final question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Most of my questions were answered. Just one maybe for Phil, so can give us some range of premium contribution from Fireman’s Fund for the next several quarters just for modeling purposes?
Phil Bancroft: What I can tell you is that in the quarter, so the non-recurring – I mean, the recurring business in the quarter was a premium level in the neighborhood of $120 million.
Jay Cohen: Very helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Jay, that’s going to spur questions from people of, wow, something happened, where is the Fireman’s Fund volume? We are not going to go into this, except what we are going to say is, we, as part of this transaction, we purchased reinsurance, quota share reinsurance. And so that will square the circle for those who will say the recurring volume appears low to us. Nothing happened. There is not some problem or any of that, okay.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: But we are not going to go into detail, of course, about the reinsurance.
Jay Cohen: Now, fair enough. This is helpful. I appreciate that.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Helen Wilson: Okay, thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Evan Greenberg - Chairman and CEO Phil Bancroft - CFO John Keogh - Vice Chairman and COO John Lupica - Vice Chairman and Chairman, Insurance North America Helen Wilson - IR
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Cliff Gallant - Nomura Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Jay Gelb - Barclays Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Brian Meredith - UBS Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Al Copersino - Columbia Management Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Investments Meyer Shields - Keefe Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited March 31, 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing and business mix, economic and insurance market conditions including foreign exchange and integration of acquisitions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our Web site, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. ACE had a reasonably good start to the year with earnings per share essentially flat with the prior year. It was a difficult quarter for U.S. dollar-based multinationals. Foreign exchange impacted our revenue, earnings and book value growth in the quarter. And beyond that, we also overcame a couple of favorable items that benefited first quarter '14. After-tax operating income for the quarter was 745 million or $2.25 per share. We overcame about $0.18 of headwinds, $0.06 from FX, $0.12 from the items that benefited '14 and didn’t repeat. We produced an operating return on equity of nearly 11%. Book value per share growth was up 1% in the quarter and stands at $90.81. Underlying book value per share grew 2.4%. If the dollar does not strengthen in any material way from here, we don’t expect any further foreign exchange impact to book value. Our P&C combined ratio was 88.4% in the quarter, down about a half a point from prior year with total underwriting income up over 3% pre-tax. It’s worth noting simply for underlying trend purposes that the positive items in '14 that I mentioned benefited the global P&C current accident year combined ratio in that year by half a point. Remember, global P&C excludes agriculture. Adjusting for those items, the global P&C current accident year combined ratio for the first quarter was essentially flat year-on-year. Phil will have more to say about the one-time items. We benefited this quarter from the '14 crop year runoff by 33 million bringing the '14 year ultimate result to an 86.5 combined ratio, a very good year. In essence, the positive crop insurance development versus last year’s first quarter offset the impact of foreign exchange and the positive items in '14 to generate flat earnings per share year-on-year. We produced 551 million in investment income in the quarter. This too is a good result given record low interest rates and speaks to our strong cash flow. Phil will provide more detail on our investment portfolio and results. On a constant dollar basis, total premiums grew 2% net premiums. And excluding Agriculture, global P&C net premiums were up 5%. Foreign exchange impacted premium revenue results in the quarter by five points. In North America, net premiums for P&C, excluding crop, grew 1%. In our large commercial business, ACE USA, net premiums declined about 2.5 due to a particularly large account booked in '14 that we chose not to renew this year. We grew over 30% in ACE Commercial Risk Services, which serves small to mid-market clients and 6% in ACE Westchester E&S, as all lines except property grew. Net premiums for our Agriculture business were down over 50% in the quarter, due in large part to the premium-sharing formula with the U.S. government. Because the '13 crop year was a difficult loss year, we received more premiums from the government as part of the profit and loss true-up in the first quarter of '14 than this year. We don’t expect nearly that rate of premium declines for the remainder of the year. In ACE International where the impact of foreign exchange was most pronounced, P&C net premiums were up over 2% on a reported basis but 13% in constant dollars. Asia and Latin America had strong growth with net premiums up 14% and 50%, respectively, while premiums in Europe were up 1%. In our London market-based D&S business, premiums were up about 1.5%, again in constant dollar. There were some softness as expected in the quarter in our global A&H insurance business where net premiums grew about 3.5% globally in constant currency. Premiums for combined insurance were up 4% in our core North America business with new sales continuing to grow at a double-digit pace. We expect on a constant dollar basis, total A&H growth to accelerate each quarter as the year goes along. Net premiums written for global personal lines were up about 19%, again in constant dollars. As you saw on April 1, we closed our acquisition of the U.S. high net worth personal lines business, the Fireman's Fund and are busy integrating that business with ACE Private Risk Services, which is now one of the largest high net worth personal lines insurers in the United States. Our Asia-focused international life insurance business had a good quarter with net premiums and deposit growth of over 18% in constant currency. And finally, due to market conditions, net premiums declined 9% in our global reinsurance business. Given the impact of foreign exchange and recent acquisitions, it may be difficult for those who invest in or follow us to project our growth. Therefore, I want to provide a little assistance. From what we know now, net premium revenue growth for the full year '15 will be up mid-single digits on a published basis, which means almost 10% on a currency neutral basis. We will benefit from our growth initiatives through organic and acquisition-oriented, particularly in the U.S., Latin America and Asia. I want to now say a few words about current commercial P&C insurance market condition. The underwriting environment grew modestly more competitive in the quarter for our commercial P&C business globally. In general, the underlying pattern we see of large account business is more competitive than midsized. Wholesale is more competitive than retail and property more so than casualty related. In the U.S., rates for general and specialty casualty related classes were up 2%, while property rate prices declined 7%. Taking our U.S. commercial P&C business by its components and starting with our large and upper middle market retail business, the ACE USA pricing trend was pretty stable with general and specialty casualty related pricing up 2% in the quarter and varying by line. For example, large account risk management related casualty pricing was up 2.1, management and professional liability pricing was up 3.2, excess casualty was up 2.1 and foreign casualty pricing was up 1.3. Property related pricing continued to decrease at a steady pace, down 5.2%. To maintain these price levels requires discipline. For our U.S. retail business, the renewal retention rate, as measured by premium, was 93% in the quarter and by policy count, it was 83%. The impact from change of exposure added about 2.5 points to premium. Turning to our U.S. E&S business, casualty rates were up 1.4% in the quarter. Professional line rates were up 3.7 while property was down about 8%. Internationally, while commercial P&C insurance market conditions were again modestly more competitive, the pricing for the business we wrote was pretty stable overall. Rates were down 1% in the quarter. Asia was the most competitive region with rates down 4%, whereas pricing in Latin America and the continent was flat and UK was down 1%. For international in total, casualty rates in the quarter were down 1, property was flat and financial line rates were down 2. In our London market E&S business, rates were down 3% in the quarter. We are ameliorating the impact of pricing on our combined ratio through a combination of mix shift, targeting classes with better margin, portfolio management that informs underwriting actions including tighter individual risk selection and pricing actions in more stressed areas, as well as better marketing and new product innovation. As you know, personal lines, small commercial and A&H are approaching 40% of our company net premium. For these businesses, rates were flat to up mid-single digit depending on portfolio and territory. In the U.S., small commercial and personal lines achieved rate, including exposure growth, of 5% to 6% and internationally 1% to 2% while group A&H pricing was flat. John Lupica and Juan Andrade can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, we produced good results this quarter despite foreign exchange and remain confident in our ability to overcome these challenges as the year progresses. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil and then will be back to take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Book value per share grew 1% and tangible book value per share grew 1.8% in the quarter. Both were impacted by foreign exchange losses of 441 million, 268 million of which impacted tangible net assets. As a reminder, these losses represent a point in time mark-to-market valuation adjustment and do not affect the capital position of our foreign operating units. We match our assets and liabilities in each jurisdiction and we keep our required capital in local currencies. If and when the dollar weakens, the book value impact would be positive. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency movements, book value per share increased 2.4% and tangible book value per share increased 3%. We had a very strong operating cash flow of 1.75 billion for the quarter that benefited our investment income and contributed to the growth in our cash and invested assets, which are now 65 billion. Investment income of 551 million was about what we expected and was impacted negatively by 7 million of foreign exchange when compared with the prior year. Our strong cash flow will continue to benefit our estimated quarterly investment income run rate of approximately 550 million even with current new money rates of 2.6% versus our current book yield of 3.6%. The estimated investment income run rate is subject to variability and portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. During the quarter, we had pre-tax realized and unrealized gains of 455 million relating to the investment portfolio and a mark-to-market loss on our VA reinsurance portfolio of 57 million. Both of these were primarily due to decreasing interest rates. Our net loss reserves were up 247 million for the quarter or 1% after adjusting for foreign exchange and crop activity. The paid to incurred ratio was 109% for the quarter or 89% on a normalized basis, which takes into account prior period reserved release activity and crop loss payment activity. In the quarter, we had net positive prior period development of 83 million pre-tax principally from short tail lines. Cat losses were 40 million after-tax in the quarter primarily from a number of U.S. weather events. Evan mentioned that there are a number of favorable items that benefited last year and impact the year-on-year comparison of our operating earnings per share. North American P&C underwriting income pre-tax benefited by 25 million, 18 million after-tax from both lower excess of loss premiums ceded under our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program and a favorable settlement related to prior year’s state premium assessments. In addition, life underwriting benefited last year from a reserve release of 6 million both before and after tax. Also, the tax rate was lower in 2014 because prior period development emerged in lower tax jurisdictions. This increased our operating income in 2014 by 16 million for global P&C coming from North America. The total after-tax impact of these items was $40 million or $0.12 per share. When comparing year-on-year results for global P&C, note that last year’s positive prior period development of 100 million included 42 million of positive prior period development from the resolution of a large 2003 claim in our North American P&C segment. Excluding this claim, prior period development last year would be 58 million compared to this year’s 50 million. Also, prior period development in our Agriculture segment was negative 38 million last year versus positive development of 33 million this quarter. Total capital returned to shareholders during the quarter was $560 million including $340 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. I’ll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take the first question from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you. I have one question, I guess, about capital deployment. It looks like you know you’ve stepped up pretty consistently and are buying back 350 million to 400 million a quarter, deploying about 70% of earnings. Should we be thinking about that approaching 100% of earnings at some point or do you expect that you still want to keep some capital there for M&A? Not that you don’t have plenty to do that anyway, but how should we be thinking about your propensity to potentially lift that back up to 100% of earnings?
Evan Greenberg: I think the way you should be thinking about it, Michael, is not to speculate. We gave some guidance in essence by our intention of share repurchases for the year and that is there’s an authorization to repurchase up to 1.5 billion, but that was our stated intention, that’s what we’re doing. Our dividend – you see what our dividend is, so in total it shows that we’re returning – our intention is to return roughly this year in that range, that 70% range. And as things go along, as we see the environment, assess the environment versus our strategy and add both together speaking to our needs for capital, we’ll make future decisions and you’ll know about those.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then one question, I guess, Phil, on the debt that you guys issued. I’m guessing you mentioned prefunding some debt that’s coming later this year. Should we assume that the 450 in May and the 700 or so in November that you’ll just pay those off and not reissue any debt at that point? I’m just trying to think about --
Phil Bancroft: Yes, that is our plan.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. And then last question just on crop, it sounds like there should be no kind of catch-up impact in the second quarter from what happened here that this was just related to the settlement of a prior crop year. Is there anything other – whatever we were thinking about for the rest of the year on crop, it sounds like that shouldn’t change based on what we saw in the first quarter, is that fair?
Phil Bancroft: That is very fair. The first quarter is a – first of all is a small percentage of the total premium.
Michael Nannizzi: Right.
Phil Bancroft: And so you get that. You have this messiness depending on your profit and loss in the prior year, you have the true-up with the government. And also last year, the winter wheat season, which is a 13, 14 season, this year is the 14, 15-year season, but winter wheat across these years. We booked more the winter wheat premium last year in the 13 fourth quarter and this year we booked more in the first quarter of – and this year more of it was in the fourth quarter. So, you have the timing difference. And as we go forward, the way our accounting works, we should not have that. We should be consistent with how we did it this year.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Perfect. And then just one bigger picture question on cyber. As a topic and as an area of focus for ACE, is that an area that you see as an opportunity to have a pretty substantial impact on kind of the way that that product and vertical evolves or is it still a little too early to start really setting up a big presence there as liability start to come into focus? Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: That’s a good question. Look, in order for insurance to remain relevant in society, you can’t simply hold onto the past. Perils are emerging as society matures and develops from science, regulation, legal, all kinds of areas that impact a globalization. As economy digitizes, as society digitizes, there are more exposures that are going to emerge and cyber risk security is one of them. And this is something that the industry to be relevant has to come to grips with and meet the needs of these exposures for clients. ACE is one of the major insurers of cyber insurance as it is today. It’s a nascent area, it’s small and most of the product demand is in the United States. It’s not in other countries yet. We keep probing it for other places that there would be more demand for the risk, more demand for insurance for the risk. And we’re committed to the line. We see lots of opportunity for it, but it’s still small. Overall, the premiums globally are about $1.5 billion to $2 billion and we estimate our market share at 8% or 9% of that. So we’re quite active. We’re mindful of the risk environment around it and so it’s kind of category of client and size of client related. You got to be mindful of that. You got to get paid properly for the risk. But with all that said, this is an area of growth for ACE.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you, Evan.
Operator: The next question is from Cliff Gallant with Nomura.
Cliff Gallant: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. The question I had was just in regard to ABR Re and your investment in that and I was wondering if – we’re now at a point where you can comment on what you think the opportunity might be there?
Evan Greenberg: Well, the opportunity, it doesn’t do third-party business. You’ve seen all the material on it that’s out there and it is in essence the only reinsurance business it will be accepting is ACE’s business.
Cliff Gallant: Will that change over time or what is the long-term plan?
Evan Greenberg: No, that’s not our intention. The Board of the company, we own 10% or 11% of it and we’re one Board member. The Board and the management of the company may decide differently in the future but from everything I can see right now in the next number of years, that will not be the case.
Cliff Gallant: Okay. Thank you, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. Good morning. So I guess my first question, I guess just drilling down into the life results a little bit. Obviously 66 million reported this quarter. That compares to 76 million in the fourth. I think the press release referenced the runoff of the VA reinsurance markets as contributing to that. I guess just breaking it down a little further, how much of that sequential decline was related to reinsurance maybe versus something else in international life or U.S. A&H?
Phil Bancroft: As we said, there was a $6 million item reserve release in the fourth quarter of last year. We also had the runoff of the VA and we also have had FX and the three of those together combined to be the impact of the change.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, understood. And then also on the supplement, I guess you guys disclosed personal A&H operating earnings and I’m guessing that’s mostly U.S. combined. But this quarter, I think there was 113 million that looked in line with the year ago but it was kind of down from what looks to be kind of a low 120s run rate over the past few quarters. I’m just wondering what’s kind of going on there? Is there seasonality around that? Anything you can add would be helpful.
Evan Greenberg: We’re sitting here a little perplexed by your question and I’m not sure exactly what you’re focusing on. But I’ll tell you what, how about if we take that offline and Phil – we don’t see a sequential weakness, but Phil and Helen will take it offline with you.
Ryan Tunis: No problem. I guess just one for Evan. Your comments on the smaller end of the market I think remaining somewhat less competitive than the larger and I guess we saw that this quarter, another strong growth quarter in commercial risk services. I think you said, up 30% there. I guess over the past few quarters, how has the competitive environment been evolving? Growth looks like it continues to remain robust. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, it benefits from its size. It’s not a huge business. It’s in the hundreds of millions of dollars is a business for us not in the billions. It is specialty oriented more than traditional package business. In the traditional package area we’re really focused only in the micro market, and that is very small companies where we see good opportunity. We’ve invested more and more in this space in terms of product, in terms of I should say begin with talent. We have really in the last two years beefed up the talent in that area though we’ve been investing in it with people for five or six years. And we’ve expanded product significantly over the last 18 months and we’ve expanded cohort of customer focus in addition to midmarket on the very smaller end of midmarket, we went right down at the micro. So those efforts – that leads to distribution and the technology we’ve put in place to help facilitate that. So a lot of investment and we’re benefiting from the result of that. I don’t expect these kinds of growth rates will continue forever but we’re getting – they are in line with our plans and they’re not a surprise to us. Did I answer your question, Ryan?
Ryan Tunis: I think you did, Evan. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb: Good morning. I just want to touch base on a couple of items. Phil, I believe you mentioned that even if the dollar doesn’t strengthen further, there should be no further impact on book value from foreign exchange. Is that the same case for earnings per share as well?
Phil Bancroft: No, not on a comparative basis. So the run rate you saw in this quarter might get mildly worse in the second and third quarter, just mildly. It’s a reasonable run rate to use and in the fourth quarter should better, because we’ve had the deterioration in the fourth quarter. I mean, we’ve already experienced the deterioration in last year’s fourth quarter.
Jay Gelb: 4Q better meaning less of a drag than 2Q and 3Q?
Phil Bancroft: Yes.
Jay Gelb: Okay.
Phil Bancroft: 2Q and 3Q will be right in – they’re right in the range of first Q.
Jay Gelb: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks. On the Agriculture business, Evan I know you mentioned that directionally premiums could be lower for the rest of the year not as much of a decline as in the first quarter. I believe Agriculture premiums for all of 2014 for net written premiums were 1.6 billion. Do you have a sense where that may shake out for the full year '15?
Evan Greenberg: I think you should imagine that commodity prices are going to have a low double-digit impact; 10%, 11% range.
Jay Gelb: For the full year?
Evan Greenberg: Correct.
Jay Gelb: And then we would take into account volume as well?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but I just took that into account to give you the impact on premium.
Jay Gelb: Perfect. Thank you. The final question I had is given the severe winter weather in 1Q particularly in the northeast, I was just wondering if that was a factor at all in ACE’s result and also noting that your catastrophe impact for 1Q was a lot lower than what we saw, for example, out of chub, which also has the high net worth business. Just want to get your perspective there.
Evan Greenberg: Look, last year we had cat losses were a little bit elevated and this quarter, there were right in line roughly with that, a bit elevated but nothing terrible.
Jay Gelb: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. First question on the – thanks for the color on the total premium growth for the addition of the acquisitions. Do you also see any sort of combined ratio impact from these acquisitions?
Evan Greenberg: Combined ratio impact from these acquisitions, sure. Every acquisition is – Kai, every acquisition is going to have – if it has anything of size in terms of premium, it’s going to produce a certain run rate of its business, it’s going to have a combined ratio, it’s going to mix into our total. So mathematically, you get that. If you’re looking for how much it will be, well, buddy, that’s another question and I’m not going there.
Kai Pan: But directionally, are those two acquisitions Itaú and Fireman's Fund, do they have the higher combined or lower combined ratio relative to your existing book?
Evan Greenberg: In total, they will be beneficial.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thanks. And then a second question, if you step back, Evan, if you look at the past three years, you produced operating ROE around 10% to 11% while P&C pricing was generally right and the cat losses have been relatively benign. So going forward, if you squeeze in the P&C pricing is decelerating, do you think the ROE going forward will decline or there are any other drivers you can pull to maintain or even improve that ROE?
Evan Greenberg: Kai, you know and I said this earlier in the commentary, it’s about more than placing. We are quite diversified by product area. A lot of our business is not commercial P&C and our commercial P&C is spread very well across the globe and spread around a lot of products. And our data analytics and our portfolio management and capabilities continue to improve and so our risk selection and ability to focus in areas where we see better margins with the current rate levels and our ability to shift mix that way improves. And then we have acquisitions that just are another way of contributing to that in terms of mix be it product or geography that help ameliorate movements in price. And so I think we have a lot of handles to pull and we’re pulling all that we can that help to ameliorate the impact of pricing.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. Lastly, if I may, is on the – you’ve seen the recent wave in the merger acquisition in the reinsurance space. Do you think the current environment is also right for more opportunities in the industry conservation on the primary side and where ACE sit in that space? Do you see more opportunities for future acquisitions? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Well, there’s a constant flow of deals. We’ve said before many [Technical Difficulty] 100 deals a year globally, pull the trigger very selectively. It’s got to meet our strategy and meet our standards and that kind of flow activity continues. It’s driven by many things. It’s driven by the P&C cycle on one hand, it’s driven by economic conditions in various territories, it’s driven by owner strategies of where they – what kinds of businesses they want to be in, in the future. So there are many things that drive the motivation. Of course, when you have just as you look narrowly at the P&C industry whenever you have pricing pressures and growth pressures and now you got low interest rate pressures, so earnings pressures and growth pressures, that will drive many who don’t have a view of earnability [ph] to move beyond that. It has them assess the opportunities for merger acquisitions. And so you typically will see it at this kind of point in cycle and see it pick up. It wouldn’t surprise me.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Just a first one, is it possible to give us some color on the impact of Itaú acquisition in the overseas segment? And particularly, a little surprised that your actually premium retentions went up in the quarter given that was kind of part of the consolidated results now as well as admin expenses actually going up given the favorable impact of FX on expenses?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So Brian, what’s the question?
Brian Meredith: The question is what’s the --
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’ll try to just break it down.
Brian Meredith: Sorry, it’s a long convoluted one. So the impact is why are retentions up in the overseas – premium retention up in overseas on a year-over-year basis with Itaú coming in, did that have much of an impact on it?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, so on premium retention, no, that’s a mix of business question. There wasn’t a change of reinsurance and yes, Itaú came in but it’s a big organization and there were growth in a lot of other areas. You saw personal lines growth, A&H growth and there is a lot of other small commercial in Asia and other places. So the mix of – that will bring it down. That’s why you shouldn’t simply imagine Itaú. And then also remember, however Itaú reinsured in the past that was based somewhat on their own net retention appetite. Now they have a different appetite.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then also just quickly, Petrobras, obviously a lot going on down there with respect to Petrobras. What’s ACE’s exposure to what’s going on down in Brazil in Petrobras?
Evan Greenberg: I was trying to get John Keogh to answer it and tell you that we’re not going to comment on [indiscernible] line, our exposure but he doesn’t want to. Brian, we’re not going to comment on an individual situation. We’re mindful of Petrobras’ circumstances and obviously the impact on both growth and the construction business as well as surety exposures both their own and generally within the construction industry, and we’re not – while we’re alert we’re not concerned.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Mitchell with Miller Tabak.
Thomas Mitchell: I was wondering if you might have sort of an equivalent of year-over-year premium growth on what might be called the same-store basis that is without acquisitions.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, we’re not breaking that out right here. As you know our policy, once something becomes a part of the company, fundamentally we just don’t start breaking down all the parts and pieces of each part of the company. And so these fold in and there you go.
Thomas Mitchell: I wasn’t asking about the individual pieces, I was just wondering about the impact of acquisitions on the overall total.
Evan Greenberg: There are acquisitions that we’ve made over the last 8 or 9 or 10 years and so are you asking me pull all those out.
Thomas Mitchell: That would be very nice.
Evan Greenberg: We got you, buddy. That’s like I don’t see the value. I know you will. Likely you’re a data junkie, but we’re not pulling those out.
Thomas Mitchell: Okay. Separately, what either has happened or hasn’t happened with the Terrorism Insurance Act?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we have renewed and therefore the market is stable and it’s kind of business as usual because the TRIA stock is in place, Tom.
Thomas Mitchell: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Cohen: Good morning. The question is on ABR Re. Will ACE be ceding additional business to ABR Re or you simply transfer stuff you have ceding to others now and move it into ABR Re?
Evan Greenberg: The latter is more correct, is correct. ABR Re will simply be a following participant on our treaties – our existing pool of treaties and the intention is, is they will take a share across the board. And they will not be a leading market. We’re going to maintain the discipline of the third-party reinsurers establishing terms. The marketplace establishes terms for reinsurance and ABR Re will be a capacity player.
Jay Cohen: Got it. And do you pay a brokerage commission when you cede to ABR Re?
Evan Greenberg: Well, we never pay a brokerage commission. The reinsurer pays a brokerage commission by the way.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Is there any economic benefit for the market to having ABR there?
Evan Greenberg: Is there any economic benefit to the market, not that I know of.
Jay Cohen: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: You mean the market generally outside of ACE, is there a benefit to them that ABR Re is there. I see a benefit to ACE’s investors and I see a benefit to the investors in ABR Re and I see a benefit to ACE. I don’t see a benefit to the general market. We did not create it with that in mind.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Sebaski with Bank of Montreal.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning. 
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Charles Sebaski: First question is on the ACE 4D that there was a press release that went out yesterday on the data analytics and kind of how that will be incorporated in your business and how that’s different from how you have been doing business up until this new system or new offering on reselection has gone out?
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Yes, please. John Lupica can answer that question for you.
John Lupica: Great. Thanks for noticing me. The 4D is a tag-on we’re using for our data analytics tool for loss predictive modeling. We view it as a great win-win, housed inside of our claim operation mainly in ESIS. ESIS is our third-party administrator and we can use these claims as well. And what it is, is in essence, as we look at claims that didn’t take three months, six months and 12 months, we can identify the high risk claims for our insurers and ourselves. Again, we say it’s a benefit because it has a third-party administrator benefiting our insurers in the deductible and then certainly benefiting ACE if we manage those large severe claims better into smaller numbers that avoid detaching into our layers. So we view it as a claims product for ourselves and the market, i.e. a win-win there. Does that help you?
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And so for the mark, will you only be using this internally or this will be available for sort of outsourced?
John Lupica: This is for clients. We’re doing this as a service to clients. We used data analytics to benefit ourselves in portfolio management and risk selection and in claims management, but we do a lot of risk management business where our clients have skin in the game and this is to help them.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess I have another question on the cyber risk in general and I guess the question I have is for the market to kind of mature and scale, how do you guys view risk aggregation in that product, because it would seem to fall more along the lines of a war risk than a more traditional insurance risk on how aggregations could be in that product. I’m just curious on how you guys think about that?
Evan Greenberg: We don’t particularly think of it as war risk, which is very extreme, but we think of it a little more akin to cat risk only it has different geographic boundaries. And so we do in our enterprise risk management, we do go through as we do with many of our businesses, we are mindful of aggregations. We do event planning scenarios where we imagine different kinds of events and the impact they could have on our concentrations of exposure. Therefore, what you call the PMLs with maximum losses that it could occur from a portfolio. Now admittedly, as anybody would say, it’s kind of a crude exercise. We use the best brains and the best data and technology available you can find to help you with that, but there’s a lot of basis risk and that therefore informs how much aggregation we’re willing to take, understanding that the number is wrong. And if that helps you with it, we go through that exercise.
Charles Sebaski: I guess in the thought on the enterprise risk management and the aggregation, I guess my thought is conceptually you could have a rogue hacker data breach that could theoretically hit every insurer in a portfolio regardless of the geographic circumstances. And so how do you – do you aggregate it just from a total product purposes that total cyber ag exposure will be x regardless of geographic or industry --?
Evan Greenberg: No, you didn’t exactly listen to me. So no, we don’t see 100% PML. And you’re using the word rogue hacker and rogue hacker typically will hit one or two or three. You’re more concerned about something like wild virus and that will have more of a systemic to it, or bringing down of the Internet which wouldn’t be a rogue hacker and that would have a systemic nature to it in terms of denial of service. So how you sell cover and then how you PML those exposures because the notion of 100% loss, no, we don’t see that. There are many other factors that come into play.
Charles Sebaski: I appreciate the insight. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Charles, if you want to become a cyber underwriter, we welcome you. Come on in, because you’re thinking about it and you know what, we’re hiring.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Al Copersino with Columbia Management.
Al Copersino: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I don’t know if this is a particularly easy question to answer but thinking about U.S. commercial underwriting versus overseas commercial underwriting, we on the buy and sell side obviously focus perhaps too much, we focus a lot on pricing and maybe we focus a little bit less on loss cost trends and how expenses LAE is and things like that. But I was wondering if you could tell us what is the combined ratio where ROE or margin differential for a U.S. large case commercial business versus a overseas large case commercial business? Are the two roughly similar, because you chose where to play overseas?
Evan Greenberg: God, it is such a difficult question in the sense that and I’m not going to abate it, I’m going to see if I can help you with it. But in the first instance, when you get to commercial P&C, the accounts are so different. So comparing one account to another but if I try to do that very crudely and I look coverage and we take similar coverage because ROEs and combined ratios will vary by type of coverage, the terms and conditions adjust to the local marketplace as well. And so for instance, we might have much tighter conditions around casualty in the United States to get to the same result than we do on the continent of Europe or in Mexico if I – just picking examples for you. And so the marketplace adjust that way. Number two, it will depend also to a degree so you get a sense of how messy it is. Once the access, there are some markets where the combined ratio on commercial P&C will be lower because the market is just a more stable marketplace. That may be cultural. They have tax of renewals. It may be that there is less influence from major global players in the reinsurance markets in that marketplace. It may be the dominance of local players – of a couple of local insurers and sort of business community in total protecting their own. There’s all kinds of things that drive and affect us. So you can’t really kind of put it in a neat box I think the way you’re struggling to do it and I understand the question. Hopefully, I helped you a little bit.
Al Copersino: You did. That’s helpful. And the only reason I ask is that you all are focusing and rightly so on reminding us of the geographic and product diversification, almost 40% is non-large cave [ph] that sort of thing, so I was just curious if you could point us in that direction in terms of the relative profitability, but that was helpful. I appreciate that.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, hello?
Ian Gutterman: Can you hear me?
Evan Greenberg: He got bored with the last answer and went away.
Ian Gutterman: Evan?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m here.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I’ve been here when most of my handsets are not working, so I switch to speaker. My first question is just a follow up on the --
Evan Greenberg: Take mobile.
Ian Gutterman: Yes, I know. It might be a lose cord, who knows. The overseas growth of 11% ex-currency, this is kind of a follow up to the earlier question. Is there seasonality in the Brazil business, because if I took sort of my estimate of Brazilian premium divided by 4 and subtract that from the 11%, it looks like the core overseas low is pretty flattish. I’m I close there or is there seasonality that skews that analysis?
Evan Greenberg: I’m going to let John Keogh answer it because we’re both shaking our head violent. In fact, there was actually very good growth.
John Keogh: When I look at Latin America actually without the premium that we had this quarter, we had good solid double-digit growth in Latin America [indiscernible], I’ll say that. I’ll also say in terms of any seasonality, there’s nothing in first quarter that would suggest that.
Ian Gutterman: Perfect. Okay. Can you just talk a little bit about – you talked a lot about pricing in various parts of the market. Can you talk about terms and conditions and just quality of underwriting in general? Are we getting to that point in the cycle where underwriters are not wanting to give more price, so they start changing language or giving it on supplements and things like that, that tend to lead to that outcomes a few years later or are we not there yet?
Evan Greenberg: Ian, we’re seeing it but we’re seeing it more on the margin. It’s not back to the late '90s that way. But we are seeing more of things that would cause us to shake our heads and we’ll see a broadening of terms and conditions in property, we’re seeing marginally a broadening of terms and conditions at times in casualty and it’s related. In particular, new business of any size comes to market and people have been really hungry, but we’re not seeing the stupidity we’ve seen in the past.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good. And then last --
Evan Greenberg: Not yet.
Ian Gutterman: Not yet, exactly. Then lastly, just a little more on the M&A question from earlier --
Evan Greenberg: By the way, that’s more of a U.S., UK, Australia comment.
Ian Gutterman: That makes sense.
Evan Greenberg: Anywhere else in the world, okay, when we talk about terms and conditions.
Ian Gutterman: That makes sense, okay. And then lastly on M&A, I’m just curious if you can spend a little bit more on your thoughts on what we’re seeing in the industry elsewhere? I mean I see a lot of it so far has been in reinsurance and that’s probably less interest to ACE, but what do you see when you look at the chessboard of what the next moves are? Do you think it remains a reinsurance gain where scale is needed there or do you think this spreads and we start to see major primary deals as well, because there’s a need for more scale at this point in the cycle?
Evan Greenberg: Ian, I don’t see any major primary on the horizon but you know how that goes. And then tomorrow morning I get on the train and I pick up the newspaper and there it is. I’m not a savant at this. But I don’t see that on the horizon at the moment. I mean there are a couple of situations that pretty well known out there of larger primary that wouldn’t surprise any of us including you. And that’s just a question of – probably a little more of a question of when than if.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. All right. Thank you all. I’ll have a new phone for you for next quarter.
Evan Greenberg: It may have been cyber.
Ian Gutterman: Charles is hacking my phone.
Evan Greenberg: Exactly. I’m with you, Charles.
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Meyer Shields: My impression of --
Evan Greenberg: Hello. Meyer, I lost you on my impression of. This is not these guys. This is something in the service. Meyer, are you there? Paul Newsome, are you there or did we just lose the call altogether.
Operator: If the callers that were in the queue would please re-queue.
Evan Greenberg: The last one, operator, that we were supposed to have was Meyer Shields.
Operator: We have a question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. You saved Phil from having to sing a song.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Can you hear me?
Evan Greenberg: Yes.
Meyer Shields: Fantastic, sorry about that. My impression of the high net worth market, first lines market in the U.S. has been it’s fairly concentrated and now more so with the acquisition of Fireman’s Fund. Did that have any implications for pricing or profitability the fact that one of the relatively small group of companies is now subdued [ph] within ACE?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t think so, Meyer. We don’t view our opportunity as simply three or four players trading business back and forth. The high net worth personal lines potential marketplace is a much larger marketplace than it is today. It’s being served by good companies but the traditional lines companies who don’t really meet the needs both coverage and service of high net worth client base and customers. And so our real opportunity is to migrate more of those customers from where they are today to ACE and not simply chasing someone else’s business.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s helpful. And Phil, quick question. If we adjust net investment income for foreign exchange, you came in ahead of the sort of $550 million quarterly run rate --
Phil Bancroft: Yes, I think the run rate was 555 million.
Meyer Shields: So it’s just the FX --
Phil Bancroft: Right.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Helen Wilson: Operator, is there anyone left in the queue please?
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I’d like to turn the conference back to Helen Wilson for any additional or closing remarks.
Helen Wilson: Okay. Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer John Keogh - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer John Lupica - Vice Chairman and Chairman, Insurance North America
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Gelb - Barclays Vinay Misquith - Evercore ISI Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill Brian Meredith - UBS Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Scott Frost - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Investments
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited Fourth Quarter Year End 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited December 31, 2014 year end earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company and investment portfolio performance, pricing, economic and insurance market conditions and acquisitions including one that has not yet closed, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I would like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. ACE had excellent operating results for the quarter. All divisions of the company made a positive contribution to both quarterly and annual operating results, which were driven by growth in both underwriting and investment income. For the year, we produced record operating income, world-class combined ratios, strong premium revenue growth and reasonable book value growth considering foreign exchange. And lastly, we produced an excellent ROE. We also made many investments in our company that will contribute to our results in the future. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $827 million or $2.47 per share. For year, net operating income was over $3.3 billion or $9.79 per share, up 4.7% from 2013 and again a record for our company. Our P&C combined ratio was excellent, 88.5% for the quarter and 87.7% for the year with underwriting income increasing over 7% for the quarter and year. These calendar year underwriting results benefited from very strong current accident year performance. Current accident year underwriting income, excluding cats, was up 23% for the quarter and 13% for the year. The current accident year results were a reflection of our premium revenue growth globally and margin improvement around the world in many of our businesses as a result of pricing action, portfolio management efforts, product mix and expense control. To breakdown our current accident year underwriting results further, the combined ratio for global P&C, which as you know excludes agriculture, was 89.4% for the year and for agriculture was 87.8% for the year. The quarter’s results for agriculture – the fourth quarter’s results for agriculture, included a loss ratio true-up for our crop business for the year, which improved over our third quarter projections due to improved crop prices and yields. Net investment income was a record $577 million in the quarter. For the year, we benefited from strong operating cash flow and produced net investment income of $2.25 billion, up over 5%, quite a good result given the historic low interest rates. So, we will have more to say about the quarter and the year. ACE’s strong earnings led to excellent operating ROEs of about 12% for both the quarter and year, with surplus capital scrubbing almost 200 basis points of the ROE. At approximately 1,000 basis points over the risk-free rate, our ROE is an excellent return for shareholders in this rate environment. And as we have said before keep in mind that every 100 basis points of investment portfolio yield for ACE is equal to approximately 200 basis points of ROE. Interest rates will not remain this low indefinitely. ACE is a truly global dollar-based multinational insurer. And as such our premium revenue and book value growth in the quarter were impacted by the strong dollar. Per share book value grew 6.1% for the year, but declined modestly in the quarter due to FX. Excluding foreign exchange, book value per share grew 8.8% for the year. Our shareholders have and will over any reasonable period of time continue to benefit from our global presence and diversification and our ability to take advantage of opportunity all over the world. There has been a remarkably rapid investor flight to the dollar in search of safety as a result of several factors including the decline in the price of oil, from an increase in supply and reduced demand, declining economic growth in major economies of the world including China, Japan and the Eurozone which is in crisis. And the follow-on impact in natural resource-based economies in Latin America, Asia and Africa, not to mention geopolitical tensions particularly in the Middle East, spreading terrorism in Russia, Ukraine. The U.S. right now is the preferred destination for many investors seeking safety. We are the prettiest house in a pretty shabby neighborhood. Over time I imagine the dollar’s strength against many currencies will go the other way. Keep in mind, ACE’s book value $30 billion at December 31, has increased 22% in the last 3 years, 50% in the last 5 years and it has tripled in the last 10 years. For the year P&C net premiums increased about 6% in constant dollars or nearly 7% excluding agriculture. Growth was broad-based from all regions illustrating how we have successfully built a diversified business by product, geography, customer and distribution so that we can outperform in spite of the conditions around us. Let me breakdown the P&C growth by area, commercial P&C, A&H and personal lines. For the year, our commercial P&C businesses generated growth of over 5% globally with contributions from most every region. U.S. retail and wholesale grew 5.5% and 10.5% respectively. Internationally for retail Latin America led the way with commercial P&C net premium growth of 17% in constant dollars, followed by growth of 10.5% in Asia, while Europe declined about 1.5%. Growth in our London-based DNS business which saw more competition during the year was flat. Net premiums for our agriculture businesses were down about 2.5% for the year, in line with our expectations. The decline due to lower crop commodity prices versus prior year had no impact on our overall market share which basically remains steady at about 22%. For the year, our A&H insurance business grew 4.5% globally in constant dollars with international up over 7.5%, led by Asia with growth of 22% and Latin America with growth of 11%, while Europe declined 8% due to the economy and underwriting actions taken. Premiums for combined insurance business were down 1.3%, but modestly – but up modestly in the fourth quarter led by our core North American franchise which grew 2%, its best performance in several years and a sign that this business is turning the corner. Net premiums written for personal lines were up 25% in constant dollars or 13% excluding the contributions from our Mexican and Thai acquisitions. We are generating good organic growth for this $2 billion business which has tripled in size in the last 5 years and is now approaching 13% of the company’s net premiums. Our personal lines business is a strategic growth area and poised to continue its growth globally. To that effect as you saw last month, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire the U.S. high net worth personal lines business of Fireman’s Fund for $365 million. The addition of the funds business, which will be integrated into ACE Private Risk Services, will expand ACE’s position as one of the largest high net worth personal lines insurers in the U.S. The fund has a good mix of business with about 80% of the book homeowners, collections and valuables, and umbrella liability. In fact, the fund’s statutory filings don’t readily upon reading them reflect the profitability of the business as they omit from the personal lines category, lines such as collections and umbrella. In total, the loss ratio of the business is good. The expense ratio, that’s been a problem and that will run much lower under ACE given our technology, operational processes and combined scale. We expect the acquisition to be accretive to our earnings immediately. We also expect a good ROI and ROE over a reasonable short period. We anticipate the acquisition will close in the second quarter. We are proud and excited that most Fireman’s Fund colleagues will be joining ACE. Returning to our production results for the year, our international life insurance business, which is focused primarily in Asia, had an excellent year with net premiums and deposit growth of 18.5% in constant dollars. Lastly, our global reinsurance business had a very good year with a combined ratio of 72.3%. Net premiums declined almost 6% as we maintained underwriting discipline in a market awash in capital. As we have said in the past and continually demonstrated, we are fully prepared to shed volume in any business as necessary in order to maintain an underwriting profit. And as a reminder, as a substantial buyer of reinsurance, we continue to benefit from the current reinsurance market in terms of pricing and improved terms. I want to now say a few words about current commercial P&C insurance market conditions. Pricing environment grew modestly more competitive in the quarter for our commercial P&C business in the U.S. We continued to secure rate in many general and specialty casualty related classes, but at a modestly reduced pace from the third quarter. On the other hand, property rates continued to decline at about the same pace we experienced in the third quarter. Taking our U.S. commercial P&C business by its pieces and starting with our large and upper middle market retail business, general and specialty casualty related pricing was up 1% in the quarter compared to a 1.7% increase year-to-date with pricing varying by line. For example, large account risk management related casualty pricing was up 2.3% versus 3.2% for the year. Management and professional liability pricing was up about 1.25% in the quarter compared to 1.8% for the year. Pricing for excess casualty was up 2% for the quarter versus 3.5% for the year, while foreign casualty pricing was down 2.4% versus a 1.2% decline for the year. Property-related pricing continued to decrease at a steady pace, down about 7% for the quarter and year. For our U.S. retail business, the renewal retention rate as measured by premium was 92% in the quarter. Turning to our U.S. E&S business, casualty rates were up 2.6% in the quarter versus 4.6% for the year. Professional lines rates were up about 4.5% in the quarter versus 4.1% for the year, while property was down about 7.5% versus 6% for the year. Internationally, the retail commercial P&C rate environment improved marginally with rates down 3% in the quarter versus 4% prior quarter. For the year, rates declined 2%. Asia was the most competitive region with rates down 6% in the quarter, whereas pricing in Latin America declined 2% and the UK and the continent are rather stable with rates down 1%. For international in total, casualty rates in the quarter were down 1%, property was down 4%, financial lines rates were flat. Looking ahead for January 1 business and what we see now, pricing was essentially the same as the fourth quarter globally. John Keogh and John Lupica can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, ACE had an excellent year. In addition to producing record financial results, we made numerous investments for future growth in earnings. For example, we launched retail distribution to complement our existing wholesale capabilities for our U.S. middle-market specialty and E&S business. We started a new micro business division to serve very small U.S. commercial businesses. We made three acquisitions and closed two of them in Thailand and Brazil further expanding our presence and capabilities in promising developing markets. And of course, as I mentioned, we signed a deal in the fourth quarter to acquire the Fireman’s Fund high net worth personal lines business. These are the seeds of future growth for our company. Just as you are seeing today, the fruits of investments we made over the past 10 years. Finally, allow me to address point blank, a misconception about our company and our industry that I have read of late in some analyst commentary. There are some who seem to believe insurance is boring that we are nothing more than a common utility. Well nothing could be further from the truth. We are a vibrant, entrepreneurial, growth-related company that participates deeply in the diverse and complex economic and social activities of the world to truly know us as to understand the true dynamism of this organization and the unlimited opportunities that lie ahead for us over time. With that, I will turn the call over to Phil and then we will be back to take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. A record operating earnings for the year contributed to growth in our tangible book value per share of 5.3%. Book value was negatively impacted by foreign exchange valuation losses of $600 million for the quarter and $750 million for the year. These losses relate to our net asset exposure to foreign currencies. They represent a point in time mark-to-market valuation adjustment and do not affect the capital position of our foreign operating units. We match our assets and liabilities in each jurisdictions and we keep our required capital in local currencies. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency movements, tangible book value per share increased 8.6% for the year. Goodwill and intangibles relating to the two acquisitions we made in the year had an additional negative impact on tangible book value per share of 2.7 percentage points. Excluding the impact of both foreign exchange and the acquisitions, tangible book value per share increased 11.3% for the year. Our tax rate on net income for the quarter was 29.5%. This is higher than our normal run-rate and was impacted by deferred tax charge included in the $600 million foreign exchange loss. This item added 14.6 points to the tax rate. We had very strong cash flow of $1.3 billion for the quarter and $4.5 billion for the year that benefited our investment income and contributed to growth in our cash and invested assets of $63.6 billion, which were up $2.1 billion for the year. Record investment income for the quarter of $577 million was better than anticipated principally due to higher private equity distributions and higher call activity in our corporate bond portfolio. Our strong cash flow will continue to benefit our estimated quarterly investment run-rate – investment income run-rate of approximately $555 million even with current new money rates of 2.8% versus our current book yield of 3.8%. The estimated investment income run-rate is subject to variability and portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. During the quarter, we had after-tax realized and unrealized gains of $55 million related to the investment portfolio and a mark-to-market loss on our VA reinsurance portfolio of $153 million. Both of these were due principally to decreasing interest rates. Our net loss reserves were up $107 million for the year or 0.4%. They were up $659 million or 2.5% for the year, adjusted for foreign exchange. The paid to incurred ratio was 101% for the quarter or 87% on a normalized basis, which takes into account prior period development and crop loss payment activity. This quarter’s ratio is seasonally affected by significantly more crop payments than incurred losses, which normally occurs in the fourth quarter. Our paid to incurred ratio of 96% for the year was flat with last year. In the quarter, we had net positive prior period development of $107 million pre-tax. For our active companies, we had $237 million of positive prior period development, approximately half from long tail lines principally from 2008 and prior. The remainder was from short tail lines. In our Brandywine and other run-off operations, we strengthened reserves by $130 million pre-tax. The charge related mostly to asbestos and comprised account specific development and defense-related costs on existing accounts. Average indemnity severity for individual asbestos claims has remained stable. Cat losses were $64 million after-tax in the quarter from a number of worldwide weather events. Full year A&H net written premiums were up 4.4% on a constant dollar basis, while A&H operating income was down 0.9%. Normalizing from prior period development and positive non-recurring items last year, A&H operating income was up 4.9%. Total capital return to shareholders during the quarter was $650 million, including $430 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. Our total share repurchases were $1.5 billion from the November 2013 announcement of our plan to year end 2014. I will turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you. Yes. So, I guess one question in overseas, what drove the margin improvement there in the fourth quarter, it sounded like pricing was down year-over-year, but you saw the best margin improvement of the year in the fourth quarter. I was trying to get an understanding of what happened there? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Most of that is really due to large loss activity outside of a loss-paving fourth quarter last year versus this year, so a more benign quarter for us this year.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And then as far as the crop business, I was trying to understand I guess there was a hedge in the third quarter, if I remember right, which provided some benefit given the decline in crop prices. And so can you comment on kind of what happened to that hedge this quarter?
Phil Bancroft: We closed out the hedge in the third quarter.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And was there a gain or loss associated with that closeout?
Phil Bancroft: We disclosed the gain during the third quarter both in writing and on the call.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So, you closed it out at that gain level?
Phil Bancroft: Yes, we did.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. Great. And then on the…
Phil Bancroft: And the current accident year crop result without the hedge was 91.1% combined ratio.
Michael Nannizzi: Current accident year at 91.1% without the hedge. Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then any impact from the volatility of the Swiss franc in January that we should be thinking about?
Evan Greenberg: No, we have very little net asset in Swiss francs.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. First question for Evan, you mentioned about the volatility in global economies, especially in Europe as well as on the emerging markets, so given your global footprint, I just wonder what you see as challenges as well as opportunity for ACE?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. As you well know, we are pretty rigorous planners. We have a plan for 2015 and our growth in the fourth quarter and our growth in the first quarter as far as we can see in local currencies continue as we expected to be. There is always some places that get a little worst because of economic activity some places that get better. And overall we are looking pretty good. And the pattern overseas has been that Europe and the UK have been relatively flat for sometime. Asia and Latin America have been going – growing overall at double-digit. And that pattern excluding some re-underwriting in Latin America in the fourth quarter continued and we see a continuing from what we can see.
Kai Pan: It’s great. Then if the currency stay the same, what’s the impact your premium growth as well as profitability in 2015 and do you have any sort of foreign currency hedges?
Evan Greenberg: First of all, we don’t give guidance. So you won’t get that. But you saw – you yourself see what the fourth quarter impact currencies had on revenue growth. So I think you see a theme that a stronger dollar obviously impacts revenue though far more modest and its quite modest impact to earnings.
Kai Pan: And currency hedges?
Evan Greenberg: We don’t hedge on revenue. The only thing we hedge from time to time is cash movements, remittances.
Kai Pan: Great. Well, thank you so much for the answer.
Evan Greenberg: I am answering all of Phil Bancroft’s questions.
Kai Pan: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thank you and good morning. Evan on the reinsurance business clearly there has been a flurry of consolidation activity over the past two months and it will be helpful to get your updated perspective on those trends?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think there were given – we have talked about this for a while. And I was asked this I think in the call that we had my view of given the softness in the reinsurance environment and the wholesale market particularly London and Bermuda, which to me are quite akin to the reinsurance market. The pressure that that places on smaller players and to me I imagined there would be more consolidation and we are seeing that. I think there is a drive to a bigger balance sheet that gives some more flexibility and it’s more attractive to counterparty. And that creates more efficiency in terms of expense takeout. On the other hand it is doubling down on a bet, more concentration to reinsurance and London and Bermuda wholesale. Though it is a player then who swings a bigger stick and so maybe commands more attention and respect in the marketplace and I understand that. And the balance sheet flexibility does give them a chance to write out conditions more easily. On the other side of the coin, it means fewer players competing. And maybe it means some capital comes out of the business. And that hopefully that creates some stability and hopefully bigger player will equal more rational behavior. And that’s what I end from a counterparty perspective. I like a bigger balance sheet for those that we are reinsuring to or doing business with.
Jay Gelb: That makes sense. For ACE’s owned reinsurance operation, can you talk a bit about given the, I think 5% contribution to ACE’s overall premiums, how you feel ACE’s reinsurance business fits this into the scheme of things these days?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. ACE Global Re or Tempest is a very important of our company. It’s a – it will wane and wax to some degree with market conditions as we maintain discipline, but a very good contributor to book value growth in the company. It’s a reinsurance market. It is deep and big and dynamic and over time presents opportunity. There is a very big balance sheet behind ACE Global Re. It’s the ACE balance sheet that is AA rated. There aren’t a lot of AA rated re-insurers. And there aren’t a lot with the balance sheet of our size participating in the business. And those continue to present advantages to Global Re. And then on the other side of the coin in the short-term, mergers and acquisitions of size relative to your own size can be distracting and you got to look a little more inward and that can present some tactical opportunity for Global Re and fewer players should mean maybe a little rationale competitive environment over time and that can only benefit us.
Jay Gelb: Thank you for that. And then my final question probably for Phil, on the Fireman’s Fund deal, I believe ACE assumed the legacy reserves attached to that, can you describe why that was the case and what that is made of and how big is it?
Evan Greenberg: You are saying we are assuming the existing liabilities of the business that we are acquiring.
Phil Bancroft: We are assuming the unearned premium….
Evan Greenberg: Unearned premium and the liabilities. There are still liabilities associated with the owner.
Jay Gelb: Right. I just, it was…
Evan Greenberg: If you like it on a written basis going forward, why wouldn’t you like the unearned?
Jay Gelb: I understand the unearned premium, but does it include the legacy loss reserves as well?
Phil Bancroft: In the existing portfolio, we are transferring to our books, but its personal lines to short tail.
Jay Gelb: Just personal lines.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, high net worth.
Phil Bancroft: Yes, yes, pull over.
Jay Gelb: Alright, thanks for clarifying.
Operator: We will go next to [indiscernible] with JPMorgan.
Evan Greenberg: Remember, it was a renewal rights deal really for the personal behind net worth personal lines business of the Fireman’s Fund and in addition to the renewal rights we took the unearned portfolio of that business only.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Sarah [indiscernible] from JPMorgan. On acquisitions, what’s your pipeline for opportunities looking like and what lines or geographies are you most interested in growing through acquisitions?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We are not going to talk much about that. The pipeline – we always have a pipeline as we talk about fairly frequently. We always have a pipeline of opportunities. We pulled the trigger on a small minority of what we see. We look at things all over the world. And they are in areas where we are already endeavoring to grow organically and so acquisitions to complement our organic growth strategy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you remind us how many points on the ROE, the drag from excess capital is and if you look out over the next 5 years, do you think you will have opportunities to fully deploy that?
Evan Greenberg: As I just said 10 minutes ago, it’s between 1.7 and 2 points on the ROE. And yes, I think as I look out over the next X number of years, we will have opportunity to deploy that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And then finally on the agriculture business, can you talk about your outlook for that business headed into 2015 given where commodity prices are currently? And there seems to be more sellers in that business, are you interested in growing there through acquisitions?
Evan Greenberg: I won’t comment on acquisitions looking forward that way or speculate about that, but we are very happy with our concentration and our market share and amount of exposure we therefore have in that business. If you looked at commodity prices today, they are below where they were last year in February and it’s a February average that determines the pricing for contracts at that time. What it will be in February of this year who knows and particularly the volatility factor that’s applied to average pricing in the month and what our exact spread will be by commodity product based on the forms we write. You don’t know with certainty. But the theme would be that revenue would be down, what percentage, I don’t know.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the effort.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Vinay Misquith with Evercore ISI.
Vinay Misquith: Hi, good morning. The first question is on the core growth in overseas general segment that was about 8.4% this quarter. And I believe there was an acquisition, so what’s the core growth ex to acquisition this quarter?
Phil Bancroft: That’s Itaú about 6.5%.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. And that seems to have slowed down a bit from the past few quarters, when you already give an outlook about the future, do you see things especially I mean in Brazil slowing down now versus the last few quarters?
Phil Bancroft: No.
Evan Greenberg: During the quarter, we also had – we did some re-underwriting of some business that we didn’t like the looks at it. And that was in Latin America and that, and there was a one-time it’s behind us. So that added about 2 point roughly impact as well. And I don’t see a slowdown in our business in Brazil. And I will let John Keogh just comment a little bit about the fourth quarter pattern of growth and what we see as we go into the first quarter.
John Keogh: Sure, and I will touch on it a bit earlier Vinay, which is, when you look at our fourth quarter, and when you look at our year, our growth pattern has been pretty much story of flat Europe and double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia. And that’s I say double-digit growth that’s with the exclusion of the contributions from the acquisitions we made in Asia and Latin America. As we think about our plans for the year ahead and look at the environment, we are looking more the same. One month into the year and right now things are really going according to plan.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that’s helpful. The second question is on foreign exchange. So, this quarter probably about 5 point in the overseas general segment, given where the interest of fair exchange rates right now, so would that be sort of nearly double in 2015?
Evan Greenberg: What we would say is from the end of the year ’14 to now we have seen a deterioration that would impact our book value by about $170 million.
Vinay Misquith: That’s on the revenues, sorry.
Phil Bancroft: He is talking revenue growth. What you saw as the FX impact in the fourth quarter, I am no genius at this, but I can imagine that same pattern year-on-year as you look at first quarter or second quarter if exchange rate stay the same we’re going to see roughly the same impact.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. Fair enough. And the last one if I may on the reinsurance…
Phil Bancroft: That’s on revenue. That’s on revenue, net income.
Vinay Misquith: Fair enough. Right and when you said that the revenues and expenses are fairly matched, correct?
Phil Bancroft: Correct.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. And…
Phil Bancroft: Assets and liabilities.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, great. And then on the reinsurance side, any update on your re-insurance purchases and the cost savings on that?
Evan Greenberg: Well, I won’t get specific by contractor, by area as you know, but you have been seeing general market commentary that both rates and terms and conditions for buyers if reinsurance have improved. And we are a major buyer in the market. We think we are pretty heads up buyers. And we have benefited from reinsurance market conditions both in terms and conditions, and in pricing. And that will flow through both to benefit our competitive profile in the marketplace and any savings will flow through to the bottom line. But I am not going to give you an exact number.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You are welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Sebaski: I was hoping to get some thoughts Evan on plans for the personal lines business with the Fireman’s Fund acquisition, what’s this – what’s the growth potential for your guys in the U.S. in the high net worth business line?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, Charles, it is – when you add together ACE and the fund, we are – we were both very active players in the high net worth. We become clearly one of the top three players in that business. It expands our presence within distribution significantly. It enhances our underwriting insights with more data and it brings a lot of talent, a lot of very good people to the organization. So, it takes what we have been doing organically, which we built a good business and it takes two brands, and puts them together that way. There is a lot of growth potential in the business. And let me be clear ACE is a high net worth personal lines player. We have no desire and no illusions about trying to enter the traditional personal lines business in the U.S. that’s not our play. The general market personal lines business, we bring nothing to the table for that. But the high net worth market is a different marketplace. The kinds of coverages they require is much broader than the general market. The kinds of limits they require is broader, the geographic area in which you service an individual customer is far broader. They are much more service oriented is the profit as the product proposition offering to a customer is it’s a much more service intensive, it’s less about price. They are much less price sensitive. The growth available is significant over time. And it’s not simply by one high net worth writer taking the business from another, it’s that a lot of high net worth potential clients reside on the books of traditional personal lines writers, who do a fabulous job serving their customers overall. But they don’t really serve the proposition and needs of the high net worth customer. And the opportunity for us is in that cohort of business that exists with others.
Charles Sebaski: Where do you – where is the dividing line in terms of actual net worth a policy size, for what constitutes a high net worth customer?
Evan Greenberg: Are you wondering whether you qualify.
Charles Sebaski: I don’t qualify, but I am looking for something inspire to…
Evan Greenberg: Charles, that varies by customer – by biogeography really, but it has to do with both buying behavior as well as value – total values of – to begin with your home. And well, I can give you a little more on that. I will tell you, I am going to ask one enjoyed to tell you a – a little about that and when you might be surprised maybe we well send you am app.
Phil Bancroft: I think Evan is right, it really does vary combination, for us it’s really a combination of the sum insured at the home. The lines of business that you purchased; are you also purchasing an excess liability and umbrella policy; do you have multiple homes with you; do you have fine art collections, etcetera. And ultimately, we would also look at the premium that that account really drives, but for us, really it’s a combination of all those things.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess one other question on the personal lines and that should be more on the international in regard to some of the recent acquisitions in Latin America. How much opportunity is there for you guys in cross-selling life, A&H, personal lines on the international book, are those distribution points the same and do you see synergies there for that cross-sell?
Evan Greenberg: Great question, love it. So, I am going to divide it into two pieces. So, I make it really simple and clear, agency derived business versus direct response marketed business. So, where we direct response market, the cross-selling opportunity where we do so much A&H direct response marketing to cross-sell specialty personal lines, a variety of products like householder’s insurance, home contents and other simple products of personal lines. And simple life products like term life with what we are already doing in A&H direct response that opportunity is significant and we are doing that. On the agency front, where we write a lot of personal lines that might be automobile-related, the opportunity to cross-sell small group A&H to cross-sell SME, that is small business insurance through those same agents to the customers, the opportunity is significant. And so it varies by country and by distribution channel that we are pursuing, but that is a real focus of the organization has been and continues to be.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you for the answers.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you for that question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O’Neill.
Paul Newsome: Good morning and congratulations on the call. One quick question, did you contribute capital into the Brandywine operations or is that a reinsurance or accounting charge that we saw?
Phil Bancroft: It’s just an accounting charge. We have strengthened reserves by the $130 million that I mentioned, but there is no transfer of capital necessary for that.
Paul Newsome: Okay. And then my more broader question, you have got in some of these foreign areas, interest rates that are getting to zero if not negative numbers in some rare cases, what does that do to your investment strategy in places where you basically get nil returns on your investments? What do you do in that situation?
Phil Bancroft: Well, we haven’t done anything in terms of taking additional risk. Our portfolios, primarily corporate bonds and government securities in those jurisdictions and we haven’t made any plans as I say to change the structure or to take additional risk. We talk about our overall book yield continuing to drop as our portfolio rotates into those lower yields, but we have been doing a pretty good job of keeping the portfolio turn over to a minimum and keeping our book yields fairly constant.
Evan Greenberg: Let me add to that, first of all, if you are saying zero rates, you are thinking of Europe. And if you think of the rest of our portfolio and other places, interest rates have actually gone up in most jurisdictions or a lot of them. So, it bounces around between the two. Secondly, as Phil was saying in Europe and in the zero rate we are more heavily corporate than government-related securities and their high-grade corporates and rates, spreads have widened.
Paul Newsome: So, I guess the question I am trying to get to is there anything danger that you end up in situation where you can’t match the assets and liabilities of them in the local currencies to keep yourself?
Evan Greenberg: No, because we don’t discount. So, when you talk about matching that would be a duration liquidity question would hardly be that, oh, so in Europe you must be discounting have to earn a certain rate on the discount and can you earn that, we don’t discount our property casualty loss reserves.
Phil Bancroft: And in most jurisdictions, we have to keep our assets and liabilities in currency and that will require capital. So, there is really, if you are thinking we might invest euro liabilities somewhere in some other currency that wouldn’t happen.
Evan Greenberg: We would never do that.
Paul Newsome: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Just a couple of questions here on Itaú, one is there any seasonality on a quarterly basis to the premium as it comes in? And then the second part of that is Itaú sees away a lot of its premium, I am wondering if any of those reinsurance contracts have been restructured yet or if so would you anticipate those being restructured or at least declined in amount of sessions kind of come in the first quarter of ‘15?
Evan Greenberg: The – I am sorry, I got to tell you, it’s Itaú.
Brian Meredith: Itaú, sorry.
Evan Greenberg: But it’s Itaú. There is some seasonality to the flow of the business, not tremendous, though the net – and that would be on the gross premiums, the net premiums vary by class. And so there may have been a little more seasonality to how they retained business. You are correct, substantial premium sessions they gross line I mean awful lot. That will continue, but there is obviously opportunities – real opportunities raised to recapture business that has been ceded and retained at net and so you will see – that, that will occur over a period of time.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then just a second question, I am just curious for John Keogh, terms and conditions on the primary insurance, I know reinsurance has been loosening up, are we seeing any trends in terms and conditions loosening up and it’s often a way that companies try to get more competitive is through terms and conditions?
John Keogh: I mean, certainly Brian in the reinsurance – as a buyer of reinsurance, we have seen that from our reinsurers, which has been to our benefit in terms of reinsurance buys over the past 12 months. On the primary side you have looking and talking to our line executives around our January renewal business. Nothing, there is some anecdotal here and there on terms and conditions. You are seeing in Europe some of the classic soft market behavior in D&O where you are getting excess carriers willing to drop down and be primary if the primary carrier doesn’t cover the claim. You are seeing free reinstatements on D&O, but that’s really in Europe. Otherwise, everyone has a got story here and there, but in general I think terms and conditions in the primary insurance space right now used internationally are pretty stable.
John Lupica: Yes, Brian, it’s John Lupica. I would concur for the North American environment it’s virtually identical to it, John has just described. Terms are basically holding what I would add to that on the property side, we are seeing requests for smaller CAT deductibles occasionally. We are seeing requests for bigger limits. Nothing unusual based on the market that we are going into we have seen it before.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. Good morning. I hate to nitpick, I am just curious about the core loss ratio increase in the North American P&C segment, that’s only sort of soft spot that we saw in the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: Sure, John Lupica?
John Lupica: Yes. Thanks. So really the loss ratio Meyer was two things going on. We had a one-time benefit last year from a reserve release. And we also had another one-time adjustment that was made. When you account for those…
Evan Greenberg: Due to benefit last year also.
John Lupica: Benefit, thank you. When you account for those two, our current accident year loss ratio was essentially flat. We did have a bit of large loss activity, a bit more this year than last year, but I wouldn’t consider that significant.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s helpful. And Evan you started – you said that Asia is the most competitive geographic region in P&C, is there a difference in pricing trends between the established and the emerging insurance markets?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, there is. John Keogh is mouthing something at me. I mean I don’t know if he is saying, so I am going to let him talk first.
John Keogh: No, I think the thing I do there is on – is retail versus wholesale. I think if you get out into Asia and certainly in London the wholesale markets where brokers are bringing business around the region whether it’s into London or into Singapore that market is much, much more competitive in our observations than the mark you see on the ground as a retail underwriter in the local market. So I would contrast the wholesale and retail.
Evan Greenberg: The other – and maybe to take it a step further Australia, New Zealand has a different competitive complexion than Southeast Asia and North Asia and it does vary by country. The wholesale business John is referring to is typically the large commercial risk in Asia that finds its way in. The middle market, upper middle market, small commercial within each country in emerging Asia is much more stable than the balance of that.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And when I referred to competitive price conditions, I was referring really to the larger corporate business.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Yes, thank you. A couple of questions. First is maybe for Phil, can you talk about the alternative investment return in the quarter and maybe how much it was above what you would expect to be normal? And then secondly if maybe Evan or someone else could talk about the claims environment and what you are seeing from a claims inflation standpoint does not seem to be terribly onerous or a big change, but I want to get a sense of what you are seeing out there?
Phil Bancroft: I think with respect to the alternatives, they were probably about $10 million more than we expected. And then I would add to that the fund, the call activity on our bond portfolio that added another $10 million. So, in addition to that, our portfolio yield was a little bit higher than we expected. So, all of that together, I gave you last quarter a run-rate of $550 million and you can see we came in at $577 million, but that’s what comprised the difference.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
Phil Bancroft: The claims activity, Jay, it’s reasonably well behaved. It overall from inflation perspective, I see it as reasonably tame either within or below trend as we would imagine it to be. On the other side of the coin, depending on the market, there is certain competitive market behavior that drives down premium rate below what loss cost is and those are the areas that you got to pay attention to and take action. And there is of course – there is more of that today than there was a year ago and there is more of that a year ago than there was 2 years ago. I mean, that’s just natural.
Jay Cohen: Got it, thank you.
Phil Bancroft: You got to be so vigilant and on top of portfolio management, line by line, territory by territory and just don’t take your eye off of it.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: Yes, good morning. Thank you. One question, you had mentioned the impact from FX was primarily dollar strengthening, which makes perfect sense, which – from a capital standpoint, which currency payers are you the most sensitive to?
Evan Greenberg: The largest impacts came from the real in Brazil, the peso, British pound, Australian dollar, the yen and the euro, they were really the top…
Phil Bancroft: And he just gave it you backwards. The biggest really is euro, so we had biggest balance sheet.
Evan Greenberg: Biggest balance sheet, but not as big an impact on the quarter, I was reading it impact order whichever way, but anyway those are the currencies that you would focus on to see where we stand.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, that was my main question. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Scott Frost with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott Frost: Thanks. In terms of capital management, we have seen some activity to retire or tender higher coupon debt and preferred issues. Is that a consideration for you or where does that fit in your capital management plan?
Evan Greenberg: No, we don’t have plans to do that. We find with the public debt structures that we have the prepayment penalties are so severe that it doesn’t make sense for us. What we have been doing though is pre-funding debt that is maturing. So, we pre-fund the two issues so far that will mature in later this year actually and we will consider that going forward.
Scott Frost: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our final question from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny Investments.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, good morning Evan. I guess, my first question is on accident year margins, with pricing continued to moderate slightly, it seems in most of your – at least in most of your commercial lines, pricing is probably below where you pick loss cost trend, is there enough opportunities still in underwriting and mix and so forth to offset that or is it reasonable to think margins are more likely to receive then stay stable or expand from here?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Ian, the loss environment has been pretty benign.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Evan Greenberg: Start with that. Number two, trend continues. So, when I think of the benign loss environment, I think of more short tail lines, but when I think of the casualty business, trend continues whether it’s running better than you imagine, it doesn’t mean its zero, there is – remains a healthy trend. So – and on the other side of the coin, there is always portfolio management opportunities and changing mix of lines of business that we accelerate, where we see good margins. So, you get all of that. But when I roll it altogether, I have said it before, you expect – it’s natural to expect, look at the combined ratios that we are running. They are such world class. They are low. So, I imagine the accident year margin, the accident year combined ratios to rise over time.
Ian Gutterman: Good. Got it. And is it fair to say that the lower loss trend we have seen that’s emerging as reserve releases as opposed to that you are lowering your pick or have you been changing your loss trend pick as a result of the evidence you have seen over the last two years?
Evan Greenberg: No, we really haven’t changed our loss trend pick. I realized you could do that, but I think it’s a prudent way to run a company. We write a lot of a longer tail business and even your medium, shorter tail businesses 3 to 7 years. Good news always comes early, bad news comes late, number one. Number two, people like to describe the business of underwriting with some kind of precision like it is – like you have such perfect information that you can price and you can select risk with precision and that’s just not the case. And I think the guys who do better are the ones who recognize that. And so your best to remain with a more conservative, what somebody might deem a more conservative trend factor. I think it just safeguards the balance sheet. And what’s the price of that? A little opportunity cost of some business in the marketplace, I am not going to worry about that.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. I just want to make sure nothing changed. And then just my final question is on the energy, I guess, there could be a number of things on energy, but maybe I just focus on one, which is the investment side. It looks like you have about $2 billion in energy investments and maybe 800 is BBB and 900 is below investment grade. Can you just give a little color on what we should know about that, I guess when you hear all these stories about high-yield energy bonds that people concerned about? How much of a worry is that for you?
Phil Bancroft: So, our investment portfolio is bonds, that’s where the – that’s where our exposure is. And it’s about 5% of the portfolio, it’s 3% and you see the two pieces that you are looking at, we have a third piece in the non-dollar portfolio that just isn’t split by sector. So, it’s about $3 billion in total. The average credit rating is BBB. It’s well-diversified, there is 250 issuers, and the top holdings are in the largest integrated companies that are all investment grade. So, we have studied it. We are very comfortable with the concentration and the entire portfolio is trading over par right now. So, we are comfortable with the valuation. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it, got it. So, no big overweight on Canadian oilsands or anything like that?
Phil Bancroft: No.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good, just making sure. Alright, thank you guys. Good luck.
Helen Wilson: Alright. Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Helen Wilson – IR Evan Greenberg – Chairman and CEO Phil Bancroft – CFO
Analysts:  Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Jay Gelb – Barclays Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Vinay Misquith – Evercore Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill Meyer Shields – KBW Cliff Gallant – Nomura Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to ACE Limited Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited September 30, 2014 earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements, including statements relating to company’s performance, pricing and insurance market conditions, and acquisitions including our expected acquisition in Brazil, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live, and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, ACE had a record quarter with growth in earnings, driven by growth in both underwriting and investment income. After tax operating income for the quarter was $891 million or $2.42 per share, up 6% versus last year’s third quarter which itself was a record. To the nine months, we have produced $2.5 billion in operating income, up 4% on last year, so again year-to-date a record for our company. Our annualized operating return on equity was 12.6% for the quarter bringing the year-to-date ROE to about 12%, a very good return on shareholder capital while at the same time we continue to invest for the future. As you saw in our announcement yesterday, we’ve received all regulatory approvals needed to close our acquisition of the large corporate P&C business of Itaú Unibanco in Brazil. We now expect to close at the end of the month, well ahead of our original schedule. Our integration teams have been hard at work and we are ready to hit the ground running including our two businesses together. We are excited about the addition of this terrific franchise and the joining of our collective forces. I don’t expect we will miss a beat [ph]. Underwriting results in the quarter were simply excellent. We’ve produced $586 million of total P&C underwriting income, up 5%. Underwriting income growth resulted from both earned premium growth and an outstanding underwriting margin which was essentially flat with last year. Our combined ratio was 86.3, and benefited from strong current accident year results, prior year’s reserve development and relatively light cap losses. All divisions contributed to the good underwriting results. Our overseas general business in particular delivered another standout quarter producing over $340 million of underwriting income, up over 19% and 80% combined ratio. Growth in earnings was also driven by excellent growth in net investment income, up 8.5% to $566 million, primarily as a result of growth in the invested asset and partnership income. Book value per share growth was flat in the quarter, affected by both foreign exchange and the impact of a rise in interest rates on our corporate bond portfolio. That year per share book value was up 6.5%, so I have more to say about our investment portfolio, prior year’s reserve development in cap losses. Turning to revenue, total P&C net premiums in the quarter grew 2.2%. Growth was impacted by our agriculture business, or premiums were down 5% as a result of lower crop commodity prices versus prior year. Excluding agriculture global P&C net premiums grew 4% in the quarter. This compares with growth for the first nine months of over 7% in constant dollars. We expect stronger growth in the fourth quarter in constant dollar terms than what we experienced in the third. In North America, P&C net premiums written excluding agriculture were up 2.7%; we had good growth in ACE Westchester and ACE Commercial Risk Services, our middle market and small commercial ENS and specialty businesses where premiums were up 9% and 18% respectively. We also had good growth in our high net worth personal lines business, ACE Private Risk Services, with premiums up 9.5%. Premium growth was constraint this quarter in our large account commercial P&C businesses, ACE USA and ACE Bermuda. The premiums were flat in ACE USA and down 10% in ACE Bermuda as both businesses exercised continued underwriting discipline in a more competitive market. As I mentioned earlier, premiums in our agriculture division were down in line with expectations. Our crop business was a good contributor to earnings in the quarter, the combined ratio reflects our best estimate of the projected underwriting results for the year as of quarter end and fully considers commodity price movements, crop yields, and deductibles by stake. Our projected results also consider our portfolio protections, including reinsurance in commodity hedges. We are comfortable with our selected combined ratio and believe it accurately reflects our exposure as we know them to be. Internationally, net premiums for ACE International were up 11% in constant dollar. Asia had an exceptionally strong quarter with growth of 25%; Latin America also had a decent quarter with growth of 10%. In Europe, net premiums grew 4% in the UK while growth on the continent was down 1%. Premiums in our Lloyd based business were down 6.5%. In our Global A&H business, growth accelerated as expected in the quarter with net premiums up over 6% in constant dollars. International grew 10% led by Asia Pac which was up 25% and Latin America where we grew 13%. Premium from international personal lines small business division were up over 20%. For our Global Re business, premiums for the quarter declined 22%, the decline was due to the non-renewal of a large workers comp treaty. Given the competitive reinsurance market conditions, I’m pleased with the underwriting discipline shown by our reinsurance team. Finally, our international life insurance business which is focused overwhelmingly in Asia and Latin America had an excellent quarter with production up over 22%. Let me say just a few words about the current market environment for commercial insurance. Overall in North America, markets conditions, particularly for large account business were incrementally more competitive. We continued to secure rate in many general casualty and specialty casualty related classes that are with harder to come by. Property rates continue to decline at around the same pace we experienced in the second quarter. To put some more detail around that, starting with our large retail large account business, risk management rates were up 3.8% and professional lines rates were up about 1.5%, both up essentially the same as prior quarter. General and specialty casualty rates were flat overall, with some lines continuing to receive decent rate while others were down. For example, excess casualty rates were up 4% and medical professional rates were down 4%. For retail property and other short tail classes, rates declined about 4% while in the second quarter they declined 5%, so essentially the same. Again, in our large account retail lines new business was harder to come by in the quarter. We increased our submission and quote activity while our quote-to-close ratio declined as we became more selective, to me that equals underwriting discipline. Renewal retentions were steady on a policy count basis and were up on a premium basis due to the retention of larger trades and rate increases. For our U.S. wholesale and specialty little market in small commercial businesses, pricing continue to hold up pretty well. Casualty rates were up over 4%, property was down about 5.5% and professional lines rates were up about 4% and that’s why we continue to grow these businesses more quickly. For ACE International, our international retail business, commercial P&C market conditions grew more competitive in the quarter with rates down 4% overall. UK and Europe were steady with prior quarters while Latin America and Asia became more competitive. For international in total, casualty rates were down 3%, property was down 6%, and financial lines rates were down 2%. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions in pricing trends. While we are realistic about the purchase of commercial P&C market becoming more competitive and our resolute and our discipline to trade premium volume for underwriting profit, I’m encouraged by the solid growth opportunities for many of our businesses around the globe. From ENS middle market in small commercial specialty and high net worth in the U.S., to small commercial and personal lines in Asia, Latin America, and Europe, to our significant A&H operations globally and our international life insurance operations in Asia, and of course, our company’s significant large account commercial franchise globally, I’m confident in our ability to continue to outperform. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil, and then we’ll come back to take your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Starting with investments, strong investment income this quarter benefited from an increase in our cash and invested assets which are up $2.6 billion for the year. Investment income also benefited from an increase in private equity distributions and increased call activity from our corporate bonds. Our average new money rate for the year is 2.8% versus our current book yield of 3.7%. For the past twelve months our operating profits cash flow was $4.5 billion. As I have said on previous calls, our strong cash flow has offset the impact of lower reinvestment rates and we expect this trend to continue. Our cash flow for the third quarter was again strong at $1.1 billion. There are number of factors that impact variability in investment income including the level of interest rates, pre-payment fees on our mortgages, corporate bond call activity, PE distributions and foreign exchange. We currently expect our quarterly investment income run rate to be $550 million. Net realized and unrealized losses were $396 million after-tax, this included losses of $301 million in our investment portfolio primarily due to increasing yields from our corporate bonds, and a $95 million loss from the mark-to-market impact on our variable annuity business. Our investments remain in an unrealized gain position of $1.8 million after-tax. Our net loss reserves were up $93 million and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 88%. We had positive prior period development of $232 million pre-tax, principally from long-tail lines and from accident year’s 2009 and prior. This included $63 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures in our Brandywine run-off operation which is included in our North American segment. As in the past, we conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our space [ph] review in the fourth. On the other hand, our prior period development also includes the positive impact from the release of $52 million individual casualty related claim reserve dated back over a decade in our overseas general segment. Pre-tax catastrophe losses of $86 million include $53 million from Hurricane Odile in Mexico, but the remainder coming from a number of U.S. weather events. Our Global P&C gross premiums written were up 1.7% for the quarter while our net premiums written increased 4%. Gross written premiums were impacted by the non-renewal of a few large front end accounts with little or no net retention in the North America and overseas general segments. Normalizing for these, the growth of our gross written were before 0.3%. Gross written growth would have been 3.5% for our North American segment and 8.3% for our overseas general segment. Adjusting for these, our net-to-gross ratio for global P&C would have been consistent with the prior year’s quarter. The expense ratio in the overseas general segment was 39.2% this quarter versus 38% last year. As we disclosed at that time, last year’s ratio included a 2.1 point benefit from a onetime purchase accounting adjustment related to our Mexican acquisitions. The global re-expense ratio is up due in part that a non-renewal of the workers compensation treaty that Evan mentioned which had a low acquisition ratio and a change in the mix of our business which included new structured contracts with higher acquisition costs. Our operating profits effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.9% versus 14.9% last year. And our effective tax rate based on net income was 18.3% versus 14.4% last year. Both rates were higher this year as we had more of our earnings that came from higher rate jurisdictions. The net income rate was also affected by the loss from the mark on a variable annuity business which generated no tax benefit. Last year’s lower year-to-date operating tax rate of 12.4% was impacted by favorable adjustments to prior year tax accruals. Our operating profits tax rate is 14.2% year-to-date. We believe this is a better indication of our run rate which should range from 13% to 15%. Total capital return to shareholders during the quarter was $617 million including $450 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. Since we made the announcement of our repurchase plan in last year’s fourth quarter, we have repurchased a total of $1.1 billion through October 20. And now I’ll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, Phil. At this point, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we’ll take our first question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: So just one question, you mentioned the reinsurance expense ratio, so taking out casualty business out or that comp business out and thinking about some of the structure transactions you’re talking about, I mean is this where you expect the expense ratio to kind of normalize or do you expect to replace a net equivalent contract on – into the comp when it didn’t renew to get that back down? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Number one, we don’t expect to replace that contract but the portfolio composition this quarter is different than the portfolio composition you will typically see in the first and second quarter which – by the quarters when we write most of the volume. And I think the expense ratio you see in the first two quarters is closer to what you would see going forward. It’s a mix of business class and most of the business written in the first and second.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it. So as we expect the mix of business to more likely approximate what you have now versus that then just given – I’m just trying to figure out like if this is the way…
Evan Greenberg: The third and fourth quarter are the lighter quarters for premium volume, you can’t really – and it depends on the composition of the portfolio, we’re in a competitive reinsurance environment and I can’t tell you with specificity how much cap we’re going to write versus risk property, quote a share versus excess of loss and global versus simply domestic treaty business. It will vary depending on where we see the opportunity to make some underwriting profit.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it, thanks. And then taking the other side, thinking about the businesses that seed into the reinsurance market, how are you sort of leveraging what’s taking place there, and where should we begin to see sort of example for that? Thanks
Evan Greenberg: Well I don’t know that you will see examples of that and we’re major buyers of reinsurance as you loan out. We buy it to protect for both, capacity limits greater than we can manage on our balance sheet, retain on our balance sheet, and we also buy reinsurance for volatility and to help spread volatility. We are good buyers of reinsurance, we’re professional at it just like we are on the front end underwriting, and so we will take advantage of what the market has to offer.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb – Barclays: Good morning. Evan for the fourth quarter where you’re anticipating an improvement in topline growth, does that simply reflect that the third quarter had a headwind from the non-renewals that workers compensation reinsurance program or other factors have play as well?
Evan Greenberg: There are other factors and the business is a bit seasonal, different businesses have a greater weight depending on the quarter that you’re in. And we have been growing at around 7% year-to-date on average, the third quarter was a bit lighter, and the only thing we were signaling was that we expected modestly stronger growth in the fourth quarter from everything we know.
Jay Gelb – Barclays: Okay, that’s helpful. And then my second question is on the North American agriculture. We’re all aware the commodity prices have come in and your commentary on the call seem to signal that you’d already taken that into account with the year-to-date accident year pick. And I’m just trying to get a perspective on for the fourth quarter, should we also anticipate around the 90% calendar year combined in agriculture?
Evan Greenberg: Correct. We pegged what we think is the run rate for the year. If we thought that run rate was up we would have – as we did last year, we would have adjusted our combined ratio. But we think as premium earns and this is the proper pegged combined. And we considered – we have reasonably good models, you never know what certainty until the crop is actually harvested, but we know by state, our exposures, we know our crop mix by state, we know our deductible levels by state, and we consider all that in addition to commodity price movements and that’s what all goes into the thinking as we settle on what we think is the combined ratio that reflects the year’s performance, what will be the year’s performance. And by the way we also consider all our protections, reinsurance and commodity hedges.
Jay Gelb – Barclays: Clearly, that will be a lot better than the fourth quarter a year ago results?
Evan Greenberg: Well, if we are correct in our estimate and we – as I sit here today and we made that estimate a couple of weeks ago but as I sit here I feel just as good about it. It means that the fourth quarter would be materially better than fourth quarter last year.
Jay Gelb – Barclays: Great, that was a lot better than we were thinking. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: So the first question is on the margins trends. Thank you for giving the market color in terms of pricing and just wonder there are lot moving parts here but if you look out to see if the rate environment is what it is right now and given what the sub loss [ph] trend, do you see in each different line of your business across the globe, shall we expect the core underlying margin to be stable as we have seen in recent quarters or there will be some deterioration or you can see some improvements there?
Evan Greenberg: Kai, a couple of comments I will make about that. As I said in recent calls, depending on the class of business I think the level of rate increases are either not keeping pace with loss cost or barely keeping pace with loss cost. There are a few that are ahead of loss cost and that overtime naturally you look at the kind of combined ratios we’re producing, naturally overtime I would expect the combined ratios to rise, that’s not – again, that’s just natural. Beyond rate and loss cost it’s really about risk selection and portfolio management. And so product mix that is in other tool that you have to help mitigate margin deterioration, and we practice that rigorously.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Makes sense to you? And then the other comment I’d make is look, we’re in the risk business and there is also at the same time there is volatility and losses quarter-to-quarter and that will bounce around, for instance this quarter we had – we’re not out there trying to pound our chest about it, there were greater individual large losses in the short tail business, particularly in energy and aviation, and that impacted the current accident year a bit, but to me it meaning that it was losses outside or normal peg loss ratio and so we recognized those losses in the quarter. But that’s just normal noise in the insurance business where a current accident year is just not a straight line.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Thanks for the answer. My next question actually related to the cap – on the capital measurement sites. You pursue $1.1 billion out of the $1.5 billion authorization, so are we on track to finish our program by year end? And also, do you think the board like it will think these as onetime deal or [ph] on going forward you think about is more a two for you; one to sort of match your share grade; another one being probably more proactive in terms of reducing your shares given that you probably have access capital position?
Evan Greenberg: First of all we are on track to complete our program which is to repurchase up to $1.5 billion, I believe we have repeated that continuously. Secondly, when our board meets in November and when we review – finish reviewing our plans for the year, for the coming year, we look out at opportunities as we view them in the landscape then that’s how we think in totality about our required needs for capital and capital management at that time, and so as part of that we will consider all capital management tools available including share repurchase, and if we anticipate that that will be a tool that we employ for the 2015 year, we will alert the investing community to that fact as we did last year in due course.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Thank you so much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the margin question, you’ve done a good job in the past of business mix change and also chopping some wood in the underperforming countries where you’ve improved your loss in a combined ratio. I’m curious how much of wood is left to chop in the underperforming countries that will help you to keep improving the combined ratio?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t know what wood chop really means, and I don’t know about underperforming countries, I don’t recall speaking about underperforming countries and I don’t even relate to that. I don’t know about underperforming countries.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Over the last – one last quarter call, I mean there was some commentary saying that not all countries are performing off the bar, so you managed to improve performance in certain countries and that helped the combined ratios. So I was wondering – I mean, do you have something more there that will help you in the future?
Evan Greenberg: Vinay, again, I don’t relate to the comment about countries at all but as far as portfolio management goes which is line of business and its line of business by cohort of insured by territory, by country, that is a constant work in progress. I mean it’s iterative to constantly gain more insights into where are you making money, where are you not in cohorts of risk. And where can you improve your insights on predicting future loss behavior of individual cohorts of risk and that’s a constant work in progress as well, and that helps to – that plus market conditions help to define how your mix of business changes overtime and it will change naturally if you have clear underwriting insight and you know your minds, and you’re constantly working to improve that, and your distribution capabilities and your product innovation help to keep you relevant within the marketplace, then market conditions will then dictate how successful you’d be at each of those efforts and that dictates what is really a dynamic kind of movement in the mix of your business overtime, and helps to meliorate [ph] what is natural grabbing that pulls on combined ratios as rates go one way and loss cost go another.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: So that’s helpful and just one follow up, big 50,000 foot question when you’ve been through various cycles, how does this feel – maybe seeing hide in competition but as it seems lower than the past and claiming that interest rates are now lower do you see a certain amount of discipline in the market?
Evan Greenberg: You know the market is a chaotic place and everybody wants to always put at it a very neat statement, I know you want one and I struggle to give you one. Look, the market is growing more competitive and there are some ends to the market that are behaving in a more ferocious way, reinsurance is an example. And then there are ends of the market like little and small commercial that are behaving in a far more orderly way, and you have every gradation in between, and it varies very much by country and even within large countries, territory, and by line of business and different competitors have a different capability in different territories and behave differently. So the marketplace is dynamic that way, what I would say different than the past, it’s more global, and so you do see some uniform trends at 50,000 feet that where the world is behaving more in locked step because there are major underwriting centers that can move their capacity around the globe rather quickly and that is different than in the past. On the other hand, I do see company’s ability particularly large companies with the analytics and that data they have they are able to do a better job of discipline but at the same time they are always lot of smaller and mid-sized players who are just – they are gunning run and they come in, and they have a way of disrupting market. So you’ve got all that going on right now but the fact is, we’re moving into a softer market.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: That’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Two questions, I will just give you both and hopefully you can comment on them. First one, I’m wondering relative to the Itaú acquisition, what you have found give as an update on kind of what you’ve found as your again the integration process. And then secondly, it has been in the press that ACE is interested in forming some sort of internal hedge fund reinsurance operation, I’m not sure if you can comment specifically on that but maybe I’m mean if you can talk about the concept of reinsurance company linking up with an asset management company and generating more of returns from the asset side?
Evan Greenberg: I’ll take your second one first. I’m not going to – as you can appreciate, I’m not going to speculate – we’ll comment on what is kind of rumors and speculation out there. I’m wondering if we have something to say, you know we’ll say it, we’ll be clear about it. As far as more general sense of your calling it hedge fund marrying up, and the investment capability, I maybe see it a little bit differently, and that I think is just a feature. I went in our shareholder letter this year; I went into some link to try to give some thoughts, at least for me, that how I see the marketplace changing. And capital in our business, it’s been a very traditional buy and hold model, for reinsurance, where the capital – where the originators of risk, and underwriters and managers of risk around the world, the primary companies would distribute to buy and hold pools of capital, simply traditional reinsurance. And that I think that overtime as has happened in other asset classes, that well evolve and evolve beyond that, and needs to evolve beyond that because the model constraints how much capacity there is to take on the values of risk that are being created around the world, the values are increasing. I think technology in all its forms, from the math, to the IT informs us that as these tools evolve, we will be able to evolve how we use and harness the capital around the world. I think what you’re seeing right now are glimmers or early steps towards new kinds of buy and hold models potentially that are using other sources of capital. And if it’s a buy and hold, and it’s private and people are – and the purpose is long term gain, not simply annual income, then frankly the investments well remain in conservative and appropriate to an insurance company can evolve. And what it also says is the originators of risk can directly package and provide to the providers of capital, new forms of capital, don’t need a wholesale market in between to do that necessarily. So I just think there is thought around that, there is activity around that, there is talk around that and that is natural, you can’t stand in the way of progress, and you can’t fight against that, if it has – if you think it has a sound premise, and that’s kind of my view of it. And ACE as a large company, is an originator of risk around the globe and with a good reputation for being able to earn a reasonable return on the risk it takes, we’ll necessarily be at the forefront and a leadership role as these things evolve if they make sense to us, it’s our job.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Interesting observations. And then on the Itaú?
Evan Greenberg: John Keogh and I just spent some good time with the Itaú and ACE people in the last two weeks on the granular detail related to implementation and integration, and I can tell you that we are as impressed or more impressed with the leadership, the people, with the culture, with the response of both, the ACE underwriters and team that is a great team in Brazil. And the Itaú team and the positive feeling among both about how one and one is going to equal three here, their insights and their capabilities are simply going to make us better.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Paul Newsome, Sandler O’Neill.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. I was hoping you might talk a little bit about the M&A environment, and I think at least my experience historically as we get into softer markets we see more stuff coming up for sale and I was wondering if you think that that is emerging as well. And maybe just give us an update of what you think the environment is from a competitive M&A environment?
Evan Greenberg: Look I think M&A activity will increase, particularly around companies that will find it more difficult in this environment to continue with the strategy that has served them in the past and I think there will be more pressure that it holds on performance and as pressure builds on performance that generally is a catalyst for greater M&A activity, I think that’s on the sell side. I think on the buy side typically what happens is there is inflation and what people will pay for properties because it’s just a more competitive environment, others will see no other way of getting their growth or actually keeping themselves from shrinking or margins deteriorating and they see this as their only option, so that hunger builds. So I expect you will see more M&A activity as time goes on, I expect you will see more of a seeding [ph] friendly what comes market. So as we’ve always said, for ACE it’s pretty simple, we have a strategy that we are pursuing for organic growth, if an acquisition comes along, we’ll compliment what we are already doing on an organic basis, and if the returns are favorable for our shareholders, we will pull the trigger, if not, we’re very happy to sit on the sideway.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill: Actually I just had one question. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: We’ll move now to Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields – KBW: Thank you, good morning. Evan, you talked a little bit about what the marketplace for cyber and trends look like domestically whether it’s attractive, how it’s growing and all that?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look the demand for cyber is obviously growing quickly and that’s very good, and it’s among small companies to large companies, all sizes, and ACE is an active participant in the cyber insurance market. I think the question right now, particularly for larger target type risks is the kind of pricing, and the price reflects the actual exposure. And I think in smaller and medium size risks, as the market evolves in many classes, I think that looks – I think pricing is looking reasonable. I think on the larger accounts, that’s the question, so I think there is an appetite to provide the coverage, can you get paid for it.
Meyer Shields – KBW: Okay, fantastic. And really quickly, it’s for Phil. The policy acquisition costs on life insurance side has been significant year-over-year, what’s driving that?
Phil Bancroft: It’s simply in the prior year, during the course of this year we saw some expenses that were classified as administrative expenses that we think are now better priced as acquisition expenses. So you will see a decline in acquisition, I mean in admin expenses offset by an increase in the acquisition.
Meyer Shields – KBW: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Cliff Gallant from Nomura.
Cliff Gallant – Nomura: Thank you. And I believe in your opening remarks you mentioned growth in professional lines I think it was 4%, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you see in that line of business? Also if you could update us what’s happening in personal lines on your high net worth class of business? Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: I’m sorry because I didn’t say 4% growth in our professional lines, I said two things. I said I only refer to pricing and so in the large account I said we got rate of about 1.4%, on an average that goes between ENO & DNO [ph] and not-for-profit and then in the smaller risk, medium-sized risk in wholesale market business we got 4% rate.
Cliff Gallant – Nomura: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. And second part of your question?
Cliff Gallant – Nomura: It was on…
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible] I think we continue to make good progress in that area, I’m pleased with the progress. It’s – we grew 9.5% in the quarter that makes about – that makes the right sense to us, I think there is a good balance between underwriting, our marketing and sales, and customer service, and portfolio insight and management, so we can constantly fine-tune our exposure and our view about pricing depending on the line of the coverage that we’re providing. I think our reputation for service and for consistency is excellent, we run the surveys among our agents and brokers and among our customers, our retention rates are very, very high which speaks very good – obviously if customers aren’t happy they are going to vote with their feet, so I think it speaks to good customer satisfaction, good reputation that way and we’re speaking to [indiscernible]. We’re very focused on the high net worth and to some degree the mass affluent, and we’re not kind of straying away from that, we know the risk profile, and it’s consistent with our vision from the beginning and that’s the brand we’re building. And remember, it takes years to do anything really well and create a great franchise in our industry.
Cliff Gallant – Nomura: Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, thank you. Have the – first question about the crop business and a follow up on how last year looked if we look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter this year and a true-up. I’m wondering if you guys are doing anything different today regarding hedging of that portfolio where changes could have a similar outcome or a different outcome with the same kind of events?
Evan Greenberg: First of all, we – and how we manage our selection of – or peg our combined ratios and our estimating process, that has not changed, if that is the same, if anything we have only improved it, it’s more rigorous, we’ve refined it, we’ve worked on our models between last year and this year and we will work on it again between this year and next year. So that remains the same, we just think we’re little better at it. As far as our protections go, our protections vary from year to year, for instance, we bought last quote a share reinsurance this year than we did last year, we’ve been engaged in commodity hedging and that program was a bit more rigorous this year than last year. So the reinsurance and any other protections we have varied by year.
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And in terms of the Itaú, the acquisition in Brazil, is that solely going to be in commercial or is there a personal lines element to that similar to the Mexican and Latin America business as you did previously?
Evan Greenberg: Sure. No, this acquisition is only focused on – is only large commercial but ACE – our business in Brazil, we’ve been there for many, many year’s and our business in Brazil is a mix of large commercial, a very large portfolio of accidental health business, personal accident, and small commercial, medium-sized commercial, and some limited personal lines, more in the high net worth area that we’re incubating there. This acquisition will not directly help us pursue those other channels of growth but what they do, it gives us a bigger image and profile in the country, it gives us greater attention of broad distribution in the country and so it will have a hallow effect that if we execute right we’ll lend a benefit to those other lines of business.
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Thanks. Firstly, I’m wondering historically it seems like India has always been a very hard place for financial services companies to do business, and I’m wondering if the new government in India has created fresh or new or different opportunities and if you are looking at that area to expand.
Evan Greenberg: Tom, the new government in India is a welcomed statement of change in direction by the electorate in India, the largest democracy in the world; it is a more business friendly government. Their economic, and trade, and investment related policies, the words are the right words and the right language, and Modi has a history, a track record of supporting economic growth and fostering it. I’m hopeful that that will translate into legislation and action that will really help stimulate further growth – accelerate growth in India and I think it will. And for the insurance market, it may create greater opportunity, it may lift the ownership cap from 24% to 49%, ACE is not present as you know in India, we have – but we’re dynamic, we’re constantly probing and looking and if the environment is more favorable and we see the right opportunity and it makes sense to us, then we will take advantage of it and enter the Indian market. So it is on our radar screen, and there you go.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: That’s very helpful. And my other question is, I’m unsure of the timetable on the federal terrorism, as I understand that we need new congressional action. Is there any new reading on what that looks like going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Congressional action for what? I’m sorry, Tom.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: For TRIA.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, we do need congressional action. We need congressional action to renew TRIA. And when you look at the risk of terrorism today, which is greater than the risk has been, I consider it irresponsible of Congress to keep TRIA as a question mark around the certainty of government backstop a protection that is bad for the economy, it is bad for business. Business thrives in an environment of greater certainty. Both houses know and both parties know what needs to be done to renew TRIA. The difference between them is not great, and the only thing they can take time for is campaigning rather than legislating to the benefit of our country, is shameful to me.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Well put. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll go now to Ian Giverman [ph] with Balsun [ph] Investments.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. Evan my first question is, on the crop it looked like there was a footnote in the supplement that the hedging helped to something in my math is right, Phil it looked like about $40 million, is that pretty close? And secondly, am I understand right that that went through the combined ratio?
Phil Bancroft: It was $45 million and it’s in the combined ratio, absolutely.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you. Secondly, Evan did comment on the environment as pricing little bit was a wholesale for holding it better than retail and I guess I would have thought the opposite just we have a several lot of access capacity in the market and it’s a lot easier to enter wholesale especially if you have Bermuda at London than to get a casualty retail. So A, are you surprised that? And B, why do you think it’s happening and will precision [ph] think wholesale is just lagging in capital for retail?
Evan Greenberg: Ian, good question. Chaotic market, so here it depends how you’re defining wholesale. When I was talking about the U.S., I was talking about our wholesale, ENS and specialty business which is the Westchester and Commercial Risk Services, and those both grew nicely and thereafter that middle market and small commercial, and yes, they have offices around the U.S. and they are dealing with the U.S. wholesalers, and their pricing help up better. On the other hand, I said our Lloyd’s operation shrank 6.5% and I said our ACE Bermuda operation which is large risk wholesale shrank 10%, and there pricing is more competitive.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So you’re not seeing – I mean we’ve seen you obviously are aware sort of become flavor of – maybe not the month but flavor of the last couple of years for the guys who are struggling with reinsurance to try to set up, honest to our U.S. wholesale divisions, did those people were in the market in the mid-small county had been?
Evan Greenberg: They haven’t gotten quite to it yet, it’s harder work. You got to have underwriters, the business is placed locally, it doesn’t just box itself up into one place. So you got to be present in Chicago, and L.A., and San Francisco, and Atlanta, and Boston, and New York; you got to have underwriters across a broad swath of lines of business and you got to really have the relationship. It’s flow business and trades move fast, and you got to have the confidence of the brokers, and not just – you know that’s not instant. By the way easier form to get access than primary, the best work on access [ph] than you do on primary, so a lot of those guys are doing better with the writing access and it will be actually on larger account business than the smaller account.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then my final one, I hate to bring up your favorite topic but the A, reinsurance with interest rates back to the lows again, I guess I was looking at your old disclosure from a few years back and when you gave the scenarios and sure the more cautious scenario had a tenure, I think it was north of 2.5, I want to say 2.6 maybe, and obviously a much lower S&P than we are at today so maybe those offset but I guess also I think about halfway through the annuitization phase. I was wondering if you can just give us any update on what you’re seeing from annuitization phase [ph] and what is sort of benefit of a higher market to reverse the offset of lower interest rates and you’re hoping for few years ago?
Evan Greenberg: Ian the annuitization and lapse rates, we study those on the portfolio and so we look at our actual experience versus our expected, and we’re just completing studies and reviewing them in that area for the year and we’re not seeing anything in aggregate that gives us concern that we’re not pegging them correctly. So those seem okay to us.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: Equity market are ahead of what we expected, interest rates are lower, and I also don’t believe that the ten year – word of volatile movement on interest rates right at the moment. And there has been a sort of risk off trade because there is the complex picture about economic and geopolitical at the moment, I don’t believe the ten year rate is going to remain where it is.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Say, the trend I think at primary players is that in lapse has been much lower and actual choice of annuitization has been much lower than expected, is that reasonable expect just seems from our trends?
Evan Greenberg: What we have seen is certainly less utilization from an annuitization standpoint and lapse is, maybe marginally lower than we were expecting but net-net we don’t think that the experience is going to change our view.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our final question of the day from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks. Just one more follow up and it’s related to a news item that came out [ph] the day before about ACE suggesting it may exclude Ebola coverage from certain geopolicies. I have not heard that from others, I’m wondering why are you the only one to doing it. And secondly, what prompted this action?
Evan Greenberg: Thank you for asking me that question Jay. I can’t comment on what others are doing but I’ll comment a little bit about ACE. I read the press report, we all did, that in my mind attempts to sensationalize normal common-sense underwriting. Look, as underwriters we start with the facts to understand the risk exposures of our clients on a case-by-case basis. These exposures for example include the types of activities they are engaged in, the locations where they take place and the kind of safety protocols that they employ. We have many tools to manage price risk, we can offer full coverage, we can sublimit exposures, we can exclude the coverage altogether and we can vary the price we charge depending on the exposure we assume. The Ebola endorsement referenced in our U.S. global casualty unit is only one of many tools that are disposal and we’re using it selectively and on a case-by-case basis, it’s not being applied in some indiscriminate, unilateral or blanket way to address the Ebola risk. Does that kind of…
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, now that’s helpful. I wasn’t – that made it clear then what I have been reading about in the press. So that was helpful.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks, Jay.
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. And we do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dino E. Robusto – Executive Vice President and President of Personal Lines and Claims Richard G. Spiro – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paul J. Krump – President-Personal Lines & Claims, Chubb & Son, Inc.,
Analysts: Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc. Joshua C. Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results may differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team makes today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the second quarter 2014, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference may be reproduced or re-broadcast in any form without Chubb’s prior written consent. Replays of this webcast will be available through August 22, 2014. Those listening after July 24, 2014, should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that information will no longer be current. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan:  Thank you for joining us. Chubb produced solid results in the second quarter of 2014, we generated operating income per share of $17, net income per share $2.03. Our results benefited from strong premium growth of 5% ex-currency and our highest level of retention for commercial and professional liability in three years. In addition, we enjoyed excellent profitability in our long-tail lines of business such as professional liability, casualty and workers compensation. However, our results of the second quarter were adversely impacted by the performance of our short-tail property lines. We had unusually high levels of large fire losses in our commercial and personal books of property business. In addition, severe weather in the United States resulted in elevated non- catastrophe losses, as well as catastrophe losses of $0.39 per share. The market remained stable in the second quarter, as evidenced by the continued increase in the rates. We are pleased that we’re able to secure our mid single-digit increases in our U.S. rate change metrics in all our businesses. With respect to our commercial and professional liability businesses, well the size of the increases was slightly less than in the first quarter. We’re very pleased that we are able to obtain these increases and still achieve higher levels of renewal rentention. We produced the second quarter combined ratio of 90, including 4.8 points of cats. Excluding cats, our combined ratio was 85.2 compared to an exceptionally low 80.9 in the second quarter last year. That 80.9 last year was the best ex-cat combined ratio we’ve had any quarter in the past six years. Annualized operating ROE for the second quarter was 11.3%, while annualized GAAP ROE was 12.2%. GAAP book value per share at June 30, 2014 was $68.60 an increase of 6% from year end 2013. Our capital position is excellent and we made progress on our share repurchase program during the quarter. For the first six months of 2014, we produced net income per share of $3.83 and operating income per share of $3.20. As a result of our performance in the first half, we have reduced our guidance for full-year 2014 operating income per share to a range of $6.75 to $6.95 from the $7.10 to $7.40 per share range, we provided in January. Ricky will discuss our revised guidance later. And now for more details on our operating performance will start with Dino, who will discuss Chubb’s commercial and specialty insurance operations.
Dino E. Robusto:  Thanks, John. Chubb Commercial and Chubb Specialty insurance both had strong performance in the second quarter characterize by excellent underwriting result in most lines of business particularly our long tail lines. We also had great retention, which as we stated last quarter was our focus and a modest increase in new business allowing us to improve our overall growth rate. Starting with CCI, second quarter net written premiums were up 3% to $1.4 billion. While the commercial market is always competitive, our value added underwriting driven approach continues to work well. CCI’s second quarter combined ratio was 93.3% compared to 89.9% in the corresponding quarter a year ago. The impact of catastrophe losses accounted for 4.9 point of the combined ratio, compared to 8.1 points in the second quarter of 2013. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI’s second combined ratio was 88.4% in 2014 compared to 81.8% in 2013. The deterioration in CCI's ex-cat combined ratio from a year ago was entirely explainable by the property and Marine line of business. Our other three CCI lines performed well, in fact, casualty and workers' comp had much better results than in the year ago second quarter. In the second quarter of this year, the Property and Marine business experienced significantly higher than usual ex-cat loss activity. This line had a combined ratio, excluding catastrophes of 97.4%, which was 34 points worse and the extremely low second quarter of 2013. And if we consider a longer historical perspective, this year’s second quarter property and Marine ex-cat combined ratio was about 15 points worse than our five year average. At current earned premium levels, this equates to approximately $50 million.  This elevated loss activity was driven by a combination of several large fire losses and some non-cat weather related losses. As we have pointed out in the past, property losses can fluctuate substantially in any one quarter. The second quarter last year was an unusually low outlier for the Property and Marine business. With an ex-cat combined ratio of 63.1%. In fact, that was the best ex-cat combined ratio a 9.5 year, whereas this year the second quarter was an unusually high outlier. We have carefully analyzed the losses in the quarter and found no trends or issues that warrant any change in our underwriting strategy. Partially offsetting the property results was in almost ten point improvement in the casualty combined ratio the 85.3% which was the best performance for casualty in 12 quarters. We also had about a two point improvement in workers' compensation combined ratio, an outstanding 84.5% reinforcing our status as one of the most profitable workers’ comp underwriters in the industry. In our first quarter conference call we mentioned that in light of the rate increases over the past several years we were focusing on retaining profitable business and taking advantage of better price new business in this focus favorably impacted our growth rate. While we are always looking to call accounts where we cannot secure appropriate rates and terms and conditions, our underwriting and pricing actions over the past few years have resulted and there being fewer accounts that needed to be called. This benefited both retention and the new the lost ratio. Indeed, CCI's second quarter retention in the U.S. increased to 87% its highest level in ten quarters and up from 85% in the first quarter of 2014. We achieved this two point increase in retention over the first quarter while still securing average U.S. renewal rate increases of 4%. Outside the U.S., CCI's average renewal rate increases continued in the low single-digits. With respect to new business, we continue to penetrate our target market segment where our unique expertise and products and services afford us the greatest opportunity to achieve our required risk adjusted margin. CCI's new to last business ratio in the U.S. was 1.2 to 1 compared to 0.9 to 1 in the first quarter of 2014. Turning now to Chubb Specialty insurance net written premiums were up 5% in the second quarter to $655 million. CCI's second quarter combined ratio was an outstanding 78.7% in 2014, versus 86% in 2013. For the professional liability portion of CSI, which represents the majority of the portfolio, net written premiums were up 4% to $572 million. The combined ratio for professional liability improved to 83.2% from 91.9% in the second quarter of 2013 and from 84.6% in the first quarter of 2014. The continued improvement in the combined ratio over time reflects our discipline underwriting and culling action, aided by our advanced analytic and predictive modeling, skillful portfolio management and the compound effect of the price increases we have achieved over the last few years. Renewal retention for professional liability in the U.S. in the second quarter improved to 88% from 85% in the first quarter of this year. As our rate taking in underwriting actions have earned into our renewable portfolio as is the case with CCI, we have been increasingly focused on retaining our profitable renewal business, all the while securing a strong 6% average renewal rate increase. In markets outside the U.S., renewal rate increases remain consistent with prior quarters rising by low single-digits. Our new to loss business ratio for professional liability in the second quarter was 1.2 to 1 up from 0.9 to 1 in the first quarter of 2014 and 0.8 to 1 in the fourth quarter of 2013. The steady improvement in this metric is driven both by less loss business and we focus on retaining our profitable renewal business, as well as our success in writing better priced new business available in the market after several years of industry rate increases and underwriting action. One final note on our professional liability business. Several weeks ago the Supreme Court of the United States rendered its long-awaited decision in the Halliburton case. We view the ruling as a middle of the road outcome and not unexpected, while it will take a long time to know the full impact, if any on the frequency and severity of securities class actions, at this stage our perspective is that the ruling is a mild positive, but should do little to change the current D&O landscape with respect to underwriting or pricing. Turning now to the surety portion of the CSI book. Net written premiums were up 8% to $83 million. This compares to a decline of 13% in the first quarter of 2014 and was driven by an increase in U.S. construction activity among a few of our larger customers. Surety is a lumpy business from both a premium growth and a profitability standpoint.  The combined ratio was 45.3 compared to 42.1 in the second quarter of 2013. Despite the occasional large loss, our expertise in customer selection, underwriting and portfolio diversification, has enabled us to achieve outstanding long-term results in our surety line making this business very attractive to us. In conclusion, the results of the second quarter demonstrate that continued success of our long standing commercial and specialty underwriting strategy. In any one quarter the profile of accounts that are up for renewal can vary and as we have noted in the past, the change in premium growth from one quarter to another is sometimes attributable more to the renewal or non-renewal of a few large accounts than to any underlying trend.  Nevertheless, we are confident that our underwriters will continue to manage the rate retention dynamic, in order to strive for the optimal balance based on the underwriting characteristics of each insured. It is this commitment to underwriting discipline along with building strong relationship with the best agents and brokers in the industry in providing our customers with unparalleled claims service that should enable us to continue to grow our business profitably over time. And now I’ll turn it over to Paul, who will review our results for CPI and corporate wide claims.
Paul J. Krump: Thanks Dino. Considering the elevated level of homeowners losses Chubb Personal Insurance turned in a very good quarter. CPI net written premiums increased 5% to $1.2 billion and CPI produced a combined ratio of 92.7 compared to 89.6 in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes on CPI second quarter combined ratio was 7.5% in 2014. In the second quarter a year ago the cat impact on CPI's combined ratio was 12.7 points. On an ex-cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 85.2 in the second quarter of 2014 compared to 76.9 in the second quarter of 2013. Homeowners' premiums grew 4% in the quarter and the combined ratio was 92.2 compared to 86.9 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 12.1 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the second quarter of 2014, compared to 20.1 points in the second quarter of 2013. Excluding the impact of catastrophes the 2014 second quarter, homeowners combined ratio was 80.1, compared to an extraordinary 66.8% in the same period a year ago, which was the lowest homeowners ex-cat combined ratio of any quarter in the previous eight years. As in the first quarter this year CPI experienced an elevated level of homeowners’ fire losses in the second quarter. For comparison, U.S. fire losses in the second quarter of 2014 accounted for 13 points of the overall worldwide homeowners loss ratio, versus only five points in the second quarter of 2013. In addition the effect of U.S. non-cat weather related losses contributed about two points more of the loss ratio than in the corresponding quarter of 2013. Together the impact of U.S. fire and non-cat weather related losses accounted for ten points of the year-over-year second quarter ex-cat combined ratio delta for homeowners. Looking at our average combined impact of U.S. fire and non-cat weather related losses on homeowners over the past five years, the impact in the second quarter of this year was about six points worse than the average. At the current earned premium levels, this equates to about $40 million. Fire and weather losses do not occur in a linear fashion. We believe our book as well underwritten and that the losses will average out over time. Homeowners’ rate and exposure premium increases totaled 7% in the U.S. in the second quarter. The same is what we achieved in the first quarter of this year, as well as in the second quarter of 2013. Apart from the dollar impact of rate taking we continue to implement a greater pricing sophistication as our ability to match price to specific risks improves thus, enhancing the quality of our portfolio. The use of sophisticated analytics is also helping us retain more of our best customers. We believe this suite of enhanced tools will continue to drive profitable growth in the years to come. Personal auto premium growth was flat for the quarter, auto premiums increased in the U.S. and decreased outside the U.S. driven by currency fluctuations. The combined ratio was 95.6 compared to 95.3 in the second quarter of 2013. Policy retention in the U.S. in the second quarter was 90% for homeowners and 89% for auto. Both of which were essentially unchanged from the first quarter 2014. In other personal, which includes our accident, personal excess liability and yacht lines, premiums increased 10% and the combined ratio was 93.1 compared to 93.3 in the second quarter a year ago. Growth was driven by accident and personal excess. Turning now to corporate-wide claims. Catastrophe losses for the second quarter totaled $146 million before tax. There were 13 cat events in the United States and two in Canada. The events included wind, flood and hail, and affected customers in 30 states and three Canadian provinces. The vast majority of our cat losses were in the U.S., and were skewed to CPI. As we are all aware the season of hurricanes and heighten wildfires is upon us. As evidenced by hurricane Arthur in the Carolinas, as well as the wildfires that are burning in Northwestern United States. Thus far, we have had only a handful of small claims from these events. That said, it takes just one significant event to create intense demand for the claims services, which are the hallmark of the Chubb brand. Therefore, each year we thoroughly review our cat preparedness protocols to ensure they are current and we incorporate lessons learned from prior events. And with that, I will turn it over Ricky who will review our financial results in more detail.
Richard G. Spiro:   Thanks Bob. As usual I will discuss our financial results for the quarter and I will also review our updated earnings guidance. Looking first at our operating results, we had underwriting income of $278 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after tax was down 4% to $275 million, due once again to lower reinvestment rates in both our domestic and international fixed maturity portfolio. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $125 million or $0.33 per share after-tax of which $0.15 per share came from our alternative investment. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2013 we had net realized investment gains before tax of $179 million or $0.44 per share after tax of which $0.12 per share came from alternative investments. You will recall that in the second quarter of last year, we also recognized the gain of $0.21 per share related to the merger of Alterra Capital and Markel Corporation. As a reminder, unlike some of our competitors, we do not include our share of the change in the net equity of our alternative investments and property and casualty investment income. We included a net realized investment gains and losses. Unrealized depreciation before tax at June 30 was $2.6 billion compared to $2.2 billion at the end of the first quarter. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $43.5 billion as of June 30, 2014. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is four years and the average credit rating is AA3. We continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At June 30, our holding company portfolio had $2 billion of investment including approximately $575 million of short-term investment. Book value per share under GAAP at June 30, 2014 was $68.60 compared to $64.83 at year end 2013 and $60.76 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized cost was $63.87 compared to $61.86 at 2013 year end and $57.03 a year ago. As for loss reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the second quarter of 2014 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows. In CPI, we had about $50 million, CCI had about $70 million, CSI at $80 million and the runoff reinsurance assumed business had none, bringing our total favorable development to about $165 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the second quarter combined ratio of almost 5.5 points overall. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2013 we had about $215 million of favorable development for the company overall including $40 million in CPI, $115 million in CCI, $55 million in CSI and $5 million in runoff reinsurance assumed business. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the second quarter of 2013 was about seven points. For the second quarter of 2014, our ex-cat accident year combined ratio was 90.6 compared to 88 in last year's second quarter. During the second quarter of 2014 our loss reserves increased by $28 million, including an increase of $35 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $7 million for the runoff reinsurance assumed business. The overall increase in reserves reflects an increase of $21 million related to catastrophes and the impact of currency translation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of about $10 million. Turning to capital management, during the second quarter we repurchased 4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $375 million. The average cost of our repurchases in the quarter was $92.95 per share. At the end of the second quarter, we had $823 million available for share repurchases under our current authorization. And as we have said previously, we expect to complete this program by the end of January 2015. Before turning it back to John, let me provide you with some additional details on our updated guidance. We've revised our guidance for operating income per share for the full-year to a range of $6.75 to $6.95 on the range of $7.10 to $7.40 that we provided in January. As John mentioned, we’ve reduced our guidance primarily because of our operating results in the first half of this year. Our outlook for the second half of the year remains essentially unchanged from January, when we provided our initial guidance. As a result, at the mid point of our updated guidance, we expect our ex-cat combined ratio in the second half of the year to improve by about 1.5 points from our actual results for the first half of 2014, which was impacted by an unusually high level of large buyer in non-cat weather related losses. Our revised guidance is based upon the following underlying assumptions. We expect our combined ratio for the full year 2014 to be in the range of 90% to 91% compared to the January guidance assumption of 89% to 90%. This change reflects our actual operating results in the first six months of the year. We are assuming five points of catastrophe losses for the second half of 2014. Based on the 5.7 points of actual cat losses we had in the first half, our assumption for the full-year calculates to 5.3 points, compared to the 5 point cat assumption in our original guidance. For those who would like to make a higher or lower cat assumption the impacted each percentage point of catastrophe losses for the full-year on operating income per share is approximately $0.33. We expect net written premiums for the full-year to increase 2% to 4%, with an insignificant impact of foreign currency translation. This assumption is unchanged from our January 2014 January 2014 guidance. And we expect property and casualty investment income after tax to decline 4% to 6%, which is also unchanged from our January guidance. Finally, we assume 244 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full-year compared to 245 million in our January guidance. And now, I will turn it back to John.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks Ricky. Despite an unusually high level of fire and weather related losses, we produced solid earnings in the second quarter of this year, which included a number of very positive developments. With respect to the U.S. market we enjoyed mid-single digit rate increases. All increase in overall retention to levels better than we have enjoyed for a number of years. In addition our new to lost business ratios improved. The upshot was ex currency premium growth of 5% in the quarter, versus 1% in the first quarter of this year. Profitability of our professional line business continued to improve professional liability, I'm sorry, reflecting rate increases in the underwriting initiatives we begin to undertake at the end of 2011. Our combined ratio and professional liability of 83.9% for the first six months of 2014. Represented about a 5 point improvement from calendar year 2013 and almost 13 point improvement from calendar year 2012. In fact the 83.9% posted in the first six months of this year is better than our professional liability performance in any full calendar year since 2007. We also enjoyed terrific performance in other long tail lines. For example, our 85.3 combined ratio in casualty was the best quarter we’ve had three years. Equally as impressive was workers compensation were combined ratio in each of the first two quarters of 2014 were the best we have recorded in any quarter in about six years. Our reserve position remains strong as reflected in the 5.8 point a favorable development we had in a quarter. And finally, during the first six months of 2014 book value per share increased 6% from year-end and we will return more than $1 billion to shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and cash dividends. On the minus side, our second quarter earnings were significantly dampened by an unusually high level of fire and non-cat whether related losses. And both commercial property and homeowners business. As we have mentioned in the past, wide fluctuation in losses in these areas from quarter-to-quarter are generally a function of the presence or absence of good fortune. Nevertheless, we reviewed these losses exhaustively on a case-by-case basis to ensure that they do not reflect any important underlying trend. So we expect to reversion to the mean overtime. And as Ricky noted an updated guidance we assume some improvement in the loss experience in the second half of this year. With that, I will open the line to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited:  Thanks and good afternoon. Just two quick questions on I guess the guidance and the discussion on pricing. You mentioned better priced new business few times. What is the approximate delta between the new business pricing and renewal business pricing?
Dino E. Robusto:  Hi, its Dino. As we've always mentioned, it's not surprising that renewals are always going to perform better than new lines. We have an ability to review lost until modify terms and conditions as needed. Usually results in reduced losses. And so we are always careful in our new business selection process and that's why we just focus on the target niches that we did where we have developed some expertise and we see a little bit of contraction in that gap, but it’s really just a function of new business always going to be a little bit less than renewals, there is always going to be a little bit of that gap, we just stick to what we know in our target markets that we like and where we have expertise and we are able to write a little bit more in new business in the second quarter. Now again, it's still at levels that are much lower than what they have been several years ago so just to keep that I guess the new business.
Richard G. Spiro: Volume.
Dino E. Robusto: Yes, the volume, yes, yes.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited: Okay, got it. The other question I had is on the guidance and premiums. Just based on your comments, it seems that you're probably incrementally more satisfied with the price adequacy of our accounts or I guess the buckets which need rate increases. I would have imagined that seven months from the initial guidance probably you would have ended up thinking about retaining more and hence the NPW guidance might have changed, but its essentially unchanged seven months from when it was announced. Can you just maybe just explain that to me?
Richard G. Spiro:  I guess – it's Ricky, I'll try. I guess as we think about that the premium growth when we look at what we did in the first half and what we were thinking about when we came into the year, we were probably a little bit lighter in the first half of the year on margin than we had thought given in the first quarter this year we had premium growth of about zero and 1% on an ex-currency basis. So if I’m answering your question correctly, you probably would get a little incremental growth in the second quarter in order to get from where we were for the second half to get from where we were in the first half for the year to say the midpoint of the guidance. Does that help?
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited:  Yes. I just wanted to asking was that Dino, are you now with seven months elapsed are you more satisfied with price adequacy of accounts than what you might have imagined at Jan, when you had come out with the guidance.
Dino E. Robusto: Maybe – its Dino, maybe I can just take a look at – answer it from just overall rate adequacy and how we look at that if I can and I’ll give you a little color and hopefully this answers its, but I don’t want to talk about rate adequacy in terms of specific percentage of the book, because that’s a little too over simplistic, right the book is very dynamic, its diversify, sophisticated, geographically diverse and also risk characteristics of an account or set of accounts can change in anyone year. Having said that clearly after the compound rate increases we've achieved over the last several years as well as the underwriting actions, it’s important to keep that in mind. We clearly feel that the book has improved in terms of rate adequacy, but there is still are portions of the book that need rate and you have to keep in mind that this happens really at the individual account level. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, our underwriters are focused on managing the rate retention dynamic based on the underwriting characters of each individual accounts and so you still see some variation on the individual accounts as an example, in the second quarter, in the top quintile by premium rate increasing we’re still getting greater than a 15% increase and in the lowest quintile we were giving about a 5% decrease. You're still seeing that variation, but clearly bottom line, after several years both of rate increase and the underwriting action the book has an improved in terms of rate adequacy.
John D. Finnegan:  I would just point out though it is a moving target and more rates was gotten over the first six months, improved rate adequacy on the other side. Interest rates and therefore investment income prospects are down from the end of last year you might remember interest rates are 50 points lower than they were at year end. There are headwinds here too.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited:  You answered my question I apologize, I phrased the question poorly. Thank you.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Jay Gould from Barclays.
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: Thank you and good afternoon. I want to ask you given that we’ve seen the underlined combined ratio tick up to the low 90% range from kind of high 80% level, should we anticipate going forward that low 90s is probably more reasonable run rate and that’s excluding cats in prior development?
Richard G. Spiro:  Yes Jay it is Ricky. I don't think that is the correct assumption. If you look at the guidance that the updated guidance and as we mentioned on the call, we are expecting some improvement in the combined ratio performance in the second half of the year. So I wouldn’t make that assumption. And in fact.
John D. Finnegan:  I’m sorry you go ahead.
Richard G. Spiro: All right in fact it’s as I mentioned when I talked in my remarks, when we came into the year, if you look at what our initial guidance was on an ex-cat combined ratio basis, you do the math between what the midpoint of our guidance is now versus what we had in the first half in essence we believe that we’re going to have the same performance in the second half as we'd assumed we started the year.
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: So you would attribute the underlying combined ratio in the first half being in the low 90s more to these…
John D. Finnegan: Definitely. 
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.:  Number of fires and non-cat weather losses.
John D. Finnegan: Absolutely. If you look at the comparison to last year – to this year, last year we look at year-over-year comparison, you’re talking, I mean – I think Paul kind of gave it, but you’re talking $180 million deterioration due to fire and non-cat weather and then a commercial property in marine lines, that's on $6 million of premium that’s a mouthful. At three points right there. And I guess for the second half our guidance is what 88 to 89, what's the second half guidance?
Richard G. Spiro:  We keep the year 90 to 91 and then and the second half is…
John D. Finnegan: I want again doing on an ex-cat basis it would be something similar to the ex-cat combined ratio we assumed at the beginning of year which was about 80.5, calendar year.
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: I see, okay. And then a separate issue, with regard to the Halliburton decision, I would have thought that could be more than a mild positive giving it has the ability to call the number of securities claims before they get the class certification. So wouldn't that meaningfully if not reduce the number of class actions and at least take down overall severity in defense costs?
John D. Finnegan: If it all worked out Jay but I think we have to watch and see how the courts rule following the Supreme Court decision here. It's not clear what kind of real threshold are applying in practical matters. So were not beating a wardroom, it's a great victory, we have to say, and there are some argument that it might increase defense costs on the other side. If courts take aggressive approach at our position it would help. But again, we'll have to see what happens here.
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: The defendants have the ability to say well prove to what you actually relied on that statement, or that you didn't rely on that alleged fraud when you brought the stock.
Paul J. Krump:  Jay this is Paul, I will augment that a little bit by saying it’s not just Halliburton you have got Omnicare, you got [indiscernible], you have got a number of decisions out there, and what really encourages us is that at first to at first to court continues to choose these cases right. So they a right to accept them or not and they're choosing to take them. I think that gives us a lot of hope. And second because these cases do present opportunities for the court to make changes that could benefit our insureds, the compounding effect of all of these cases could certainly be more than mildly positive. But taken on individual base I think you know, is characteristic of this mild positive for Halliburton is correct.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. And again Jay it was also in the context, I mean, that we didn’t think it’s going to change the marketplace in the near term, right. The people are going to wait.
Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: I see. That’s helpful thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Josh Stirling from Sanford Bernstein.
Joshua C. Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Hi good evening. Thanks for taking the call. So as you guys are shifting from focusing on driving margins to really more about retention and putting and getting into growth mode, I thought I had asked a couple of more longer term questions on your posture with growth. Paul, think you mentioned you brought up a topic I hadn't heard you guys talk about before which was sophisticated analytics that that it was interested because I was think if you guys first and foremost of having a brand and its relationship stay good business selection to start off with. I’m wondering if you give us a sense of what Moore's behind the comment to what kinds of things you guys doing to integrate analytics in your strategy and may be where you think you stand compared to some of your competitors. And if you think that analytics can start to be a competitive advantage for you guys?
John D. Finnegan: Absolutely Josh I mean we’ve talked before, I know Dino last year, for example, brought up our panorama of product and that is certainly taken our auto to a far more sophisticated level. We’ve got many tiers there. Now remember, what we write in automobile isn’t the same lets say some of the large direct writer's that have been using sophisticated analytics for a very long time. That said, when we talk about our fleets of affluent or high net worth or high valued cars that type thing, these tools are very sophisticated in helping us a lot to retain the right business and to attract new business. The same thing can be said for our pricing tiers in our predicative models around the homeowners as well for the affluent. Now your point about our brand, our relationships with agents all of that comes into play, and the analytics are just one part of the tool, but they are not everything so, Dino you wanted to touch on the unified [ph].
Dino E. Robusto: Yes, just at the introduction of your question right, I mean our increased retention is increased retention of profitable business? As we are always focused on increasing our margin, so I don’t want – I just want to clarify that point, but, just a talk a little bit about the analytics on our professional liability as an example there. Our strategy and our capabilities are good towards taking advantage of the wealth of experience in our tremendously rich data set of information that we have, having underwritten literally hundreds of thousands of professional liabilities, polices over roughly more than three decades. So it’s through to this expertise and this data mining of coverage, pricing, loss data, we've built proprietary underwriting an account ranking tools and these tools can be also supplemented with external data feeds and it's the proprietary analytical tools are then just one more arrow in the underwriters quiver for them to drop on when making renewal decisions. As Paul said, analytics are increasing in this industry, but where we see it as being a real competitive advantage for us because of the history of proprietary data that we have amassed overtime. And the underwriters are very pleased with additional insight gained from these tools and we intend to continue to invest in this area.
John D. Finnegan: Yes and Josh not to beat it to death, but we not only use them on the front end underwriting side, but we are using in awful lot of tools on the back end, on the claim side as well. So for example some of our tools are predicative models around fraud detection in workers compensation, you are seeing that manifest itself into some of the spectacular world-class combined ratio in workers comp.
John D. Finnegan: Let me interrupt Josh, what Dino said. We are properly focused on profitability. We are happy with the growth we’ve got in the second quarter; we didn’t have much growth in the first quarter. Our accounts are in strong form, we want to retain more of the counts and we think that’s certainly a stepping stone to more profitability, but we are not giving away any rate to do so, we are getting what the market will bear and what we need on the accounts.
Joshua C. Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Got it, that’s really helpful. If I could ask just one another topic that’s comes to mind a bit not sort of is internally focused but sort of more risk management and just sense of growth and how you think about risk return and the opportunity. Obviously, the markets changed a lot with changes to the reinsurance industry, smaller guys starting to try to take share and write more Florida business, more coastal opportunities. How do you guys think about the coast these days are you still sort of running from them and trying to play defense or is this something we could see you be serves a big opportunity for Chubb here?
Richard G. Spiro:  I’ll mention the coastal piece here Josh, just because I think you're probably thinking along the homeowner side of it. And again I’ll go back to what John just really emphasize around profitable growth, where we are seeing it on the homeowner side frankly is maybe we are seeing some customers that have exposure in Florida along the coast where heretofore we weren’t able to necessarily take on that house, but given their spread of risk that they bring to us, not just in Florida but maybe in the Northeast and Illinois another places. We are able to use some reinsurance opportunistically to hang on to those types of customers or to even write more than we’ve seen in the past. Dino I don’t know if you want to touch anything commercially. 
Dino E. Robusto:  I’ll point out that the cat modeling agencies have significantly reduced PMLs on the coastal areas which hasn't hurt either.
Joshua C. Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Vinay Misquith from Evercore.
Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC:  Hello, good evening. The first question is the above average property and marine losses and the fire losses and the homeowners. We have seen that for a couple of quarters and I think you touched upon this in your remarks, in your opening remarks but if you could help us understand and if we see some sort of trend developing or is it just quarterly volatility?
John D. Finnegan: I think that in the first quarter we had very high non-cat weather related losses in homeowners that's because the weather was awful, but we’d expected that the – this quarter we had somewhat higher non-cat related weather, fire losses kicked in, first quarter we really didn't have unusually high commercial and property and marine losses just the second quarter last year was so unusually low, 63 combined. This quarter, sometimes as you never know. The quarters are discrete on a piece of paper but things we roll forward. We all loss experience was not very good in the second quarter, but we can't find any trend. Last year when I was on these calls and we had usually low losses and I certainly didn’t talk about any trends in fact what I suggested you all was that you should not project or combined ratios in the future based on margin expansion of the base period last year, combined ratio last year because it was so low. Similarly, I don't think you should project anything out the next are off this years second quarter combined ratio because I think it's unusually high. You're talking way beyond what we normally have in way beyond we had second quarter.
Paul J. Krump:  Really this is Paul, if you look back on the homeowners side to 2009 and you can see another period where we had some anomalous losses. We've been reading high network homes now for 30 years and as we go back and we look at the history of this there have been periods where you to get that kind of misfortune of a rashes of some fires but as John mentioned we scrubbed each of these individual accounts to look for anything that we can learn from them and try to detect any trends, but at the end of the day, I think the conclusion is this is the insurance business.
Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC: So that’s helpful thank you. just to follow-up on the pricing and the competitive environment. If could you give us an update on the competitive environment out there? Thanks.
John D. Finnegan: Sure. We didn’t categories it as clearly the market is competitive, but frankly, it usually is. On average, we would say that the pricing dynamics though in the markets are rational. We can always point to a always to a situation where you're going to scratch your head asking why competitor may have right and account at a low price but general we are seeing most of the pressure emerge on the most profitable account. So if you're an account with longer-term profitability will on average its going to be priced much more aggressively than an insured with a similar operation that is historically less profitable or inherently tougher exposures which makes sense in particular after multiple years of rate increases. One area where we might question the rationality of pricing its around some large accounts. Example a situation where you have a low six-figure property account versus a large seven figure similar property account, the latter is going to tend to have much more aggressive pricing even if to exposure to loss on the large one as far greater and this dynamic seems to be especially prevalent at least wholesaling ENS markets as we see it. So I guess for some you can conclude that the Lora the big premium is driving motivation quite frankly in our opinion size doesn’t matter. Its really the price and the terms and conditions measured against the risk characteristics that we rely on. And in fact if you look at our retention rate of these larger accounts its below our overall retention rate we just choose draw align in the sand. In professional liability I was mainly commercial but in professional liability you’d to see same dynamics. The better businesses is being more aggressively priced however we also continue to see general acceptance in professional liability for meaningful price increases on those lines of business that have had particularly poor profitability over the years such as EPL and review the stability as encouraging. So I guess I'd say that's against this kind of competitive back drop were pleased what our mid single digital average rate increase in both commercial and professional liability and combined with some of the highest level of retention so that’s the general feel for the market. I hope that helps.
Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mike Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Thanks. One question maybe on other personal lines, so that picked up a bit, is that bundling or is there another effort or something else that's we seen that lift the couple of quarters here in the double-digits recently so I’m just curious sort of what’s been driving that and then just a follow-up. Thanks.
Dino E. Robusto:  No problem, Mike. Other personal is where we report our accident and health business, up little over 15% of that other personal the remainder than it’s represented by personal excess any odd accident as I mentioned had the highest growth driven by travel accident coverage in the United States. Personal excess liability also grew, but that was fueled by both rate and exposure, on a year-to-date basis other personal move about 6% I think grew for at 6% for the entire year 2013. so other personal growth had loss related little bit through out the year because if we have an additional subtraction of a single premium program so that can pretty much drive the growth in any one three month period of time, but I would just tell you that overall we’re very optimistic about our opportunities in accidents and as well as personal excess and in last couple of months we’ve seen some uptick in the yachts purchasing and mega yacht business that’s good for us as well. That’s what you’re seeing out there another personal.
Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Got it okay and is the ANH cohort I mean is that you expect to continue to trend higher I mean is that relatively sustainable.
Paul J. Krump:  Yes, we've got to learn very good plans for A&H in the coming years, I had mentioned before that we’ve invested in the team of underwriters over the last five years, we've built-in some infrastructure around the globe and we’re finding out that our reputation and our quality of our paper and the relationships are making a big difference in that market place and in fact, we’re finding that there is just an awful lot of commercial accounts that we can round out with A&H covered and we’re also seeing a lot of high net worth individuals that are looking to purchase travel accident as well. 
Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Great, thanks and then just one sort of bigger picture question I guess is just on this recent volatility that we’ve seen I mean again I mean its part of the business and its part of the reason that you’re able to sort of extract the premiums you do, but they are – I would their reinsurance solutions out there especially given sort of the state of that market on the property side at this time. Would you or how do you look into solutions that might help you reduced volatility of earnings and attritional losses outside of cats?
Richard G. Spiro:  It’s Ricky. Obviously given the environment as you point out, you know we do constantly monitor the reinsurance alternatives available in the market, see whether it can not only improve our overall performance of our portfolio but also help us manage our volatility perhaps potentially grow all at the same time well trying to maintain or improve our combined ratios. We have and will continue to consider variety of options in both the traditional and alternative markets and as always we look at the cost of these alternatives versus the benefit of purchase and protection and where we routinely manage our overall portfolio and reinsurance strategy by reviewing various types of risk transfer options. We’re not going to change our outstanding strategy focusing on proper underwriting and pricing of each risk. Having said all that, we are looking at all kinds of alternatives. We understand that there are opportunities in the marketplace, but as you might expect there is always we try to balance the potential short-term opportunities with our long-term objective and strategy. So we’re looking at things, but they've got to meet our particular objectives and our strategy.
John D. Finnegan: You know in the end we are an insurance company and we have to bear some risk and eliminating volatility is a big step from eliminating true balance sheet risk and given away a lot of profitability and so you look at the downside. This is the worst quarter we've had since here in terms of fire losses and this kind of things and its three points worst than a five year average and guess what? We still make $2 a share on net income. So you know I mean its – we are sorry we didn't hit what we expected to hit, but this awful quarter we make $2 a share I don’t think we have to ensure it away.
Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Good evening. Thanks for taking my call. As a first question you saw, do you see any sort of loss cost trend across your business and the question is really as you see the pricing increase gradually slowing down, I just wonder at what point the price increase is essentially matching the loss cost trend that was the no margin expansion or what potentially margin contraction?
John D. Finnegan: Well let’s talk a little bit about it. I mean, let’s take, we use we say often that we have 4% loss cost trends. And I don’t think for looking at margin expansion is kind of a theoretical notion, but if you project combined ratios out, it gets important to understand what’s really going on there. We’re above that in CPI and CSI. We’re right above that and CCI. But I’m thinking kind of couple of things when you project out loss ratios, in the future. The first is that, we’ll turn transfer are different than what we might expect for losses in given short-term period. For example, when we talk about long run lost cost trends, we generally mean the economic forces our portfolio paces, before consideration of any underwriting initiatives, any business mix changes that we might adopt. So they assume a pass of underwriting approach. You know workers compensation it might be, or we’re talking about as let’s got to more the 4% with medical care, cost inflation and payroll inflation it doesn't take into account the types of things we might do in terms of changes in business mix, the client paper predict, but analytically we are using in claims and adjusting these things. So we’re constantly seeking to improve our books of business and where you just beyond rate taking focused under initiatives calling in the performing risk. It was successful in our book management, the effective year-over-year pressure on our lost ratio is overtime what generally been less in the long-term most trend itself so that’s one. Two, as I mentioned before even when you project loss ratio, you got a pickup base period that’s representative. Last year, as I said we talked about don’t use the second quarter last year that’s very, very low and we found at that wouldn’t have a good quarter to use. But because the second quarter was low initiate second was high.  Now going forward I would suggest as you look at what you called margin expansion a future loss cause, you also taking into account that this second quarter roughly high loss ratio and you know you probably need to assume some reversion to the mean as you project out into the future loss trend just not apply, the difference in margin expansion that help.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Yes, thank you with that. Just different topic on the buyback it looks like this first half you really terms some buybacks and dividends more than what you earned to operating earnings. If you fair to assume that you could have return 100% like operating earnings as through the entire 2014?
John D. Finnegan: Yes, our objective as we’ve said in the past, on average is that the buyback in essence we equal to operating earnings, less shareholder dividends. If you actually did the math when we came into this year, we were going to get back a little bit more than that formula might suggest an even with the updated guidance – operating earnings will exceed that amount, operating earnings less dividends would be a little bit less than our share buyback efforts. So, it depends on the period but on average we would expect that we would use the operating earnings less dividends as sort of the guideline.
Richard G. Spiro:  It might recall last year the opposite…
John D. Finnegan:  The opposite…
Richard G. Spiro:  Were a couple of $100 million more in operating earnings, less dividends. And, we are not going to just the program of $100 million shorten income this year. Obviously give a big catastrophe all bets are off.
John D. Finnegan:  And we continue to believe that we have a significant excess capital position, so we have plenty of flexibility.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley:  Thank you so much for all the answers.
Operator:  We will go next to Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.:  Thank you. A couple of questions, first is on the surety business, obviously a big contributor to your profitability. I guess we're hearing some noise that, that business is getting more competitive, wants you to kind of discuss what you are seeing there. And then, secondly, the favorable development in the specialty business, presumably that's going to be from the professional lines business was with the highest we’ve seen in something like six years or so. And I'm wondering if you can get into more detail what drove that pretty significant favorable reserve development in the quarter?
John D. Finnegan:  Okay, maybe a I can start just with the – on the surety fees I mean clearly is the competitive market, because really surety capacity it’s increased over the last several years with demand is down obviously due to the slowdown in the construction in the U.S. as well as actually many geographies around the world. So, it has put pressure on rates that we can and we obviously do compete successfully really because of our brand or underwriting acumen or pricing discipline and the quality of customers that we have and we have been able to do that very well, it tends to grow slowly to surety business and it’s a little bit lumpy, but has been historically very profitable and we’re going to continue steady as we go.
Richard G. Spiro:  Okay. And then, Jay, as relates to the question on development, let me try to give a few data points to answer that. First if you look at the development we took in CSI for this quarter which was $80 million, it was driven mainly as you rightly point out by professional liability, but surety was also favorable and within professional liability it was driven by D&O and fiduciary and it was partially offset but it's a small adverse development in the crime and fidelity classes. If you go back and look at it compared to a year ago quarter where we also had more development this quarter than we did in the second quarter of 2013 that was mainly because a year ago we had more offsetting adverse development in crime and fidelity E&O and EPL reflecting some of that the trends that we've talked about on this call and on prior calls as well.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.: That’s helpful. And then on the D&O and Fiduciary what accident years are we talking about?
John D. Finnegan:  We are taking 2010 and prior. 
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.:  Great. Thank you. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc:  Thanks good afternoon. I was just hoping I could get the catastrophe numbers for the other segments besides homeowners?
Richard G. Spiro:  Can you just give me a second here?
John D. Finnegan:  You want to split between commercial and personal?
Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc:  Well if I could it online that would be great, but I will take it if it’s available.
Richard G. Spiro: Okay let see here. Okay, I got it right here by the line here. We got package at five multi parallel, yes and then we come down at Property and Marine 13.1, homeowners 12.1.
Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc: Okay. So nothing in auto?
Richard G. Spiro: Well auto and personal it was tiny, it was 0.6. All right that’s enough.
Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc: Okay thanks very much.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Ian Gutterman from Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.:  Hi, thank you. I guess I wanted to follow-up on the fire losses, is there any other maybe the first spilt I take it, was this a large number of fires relative to normal or was it few and just a very high end homes and basically getting is it a frequency or severity issue?
John D. Finnegan:  Both.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Both okay. Any geographic or okay.
John D. Finnegan: No, I mean there were – to get these numbers, you got to have a large number and by our nature of the kind of business we have, they are large in dollars too, but it was a too major losses there was a lot of losses.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: And but the factor we are calling is not cat means they weren’t say wildfire related or tornado related or anything like that?
Paul J. Krump:  You’re absolutely correct Ian. We make a distinction between a brushfire that would get a PCS cat number say a wildfire that might take place out in California or something and burn up a neighborhood that may or may not, but if it got a cat number, we would put that in the cat numbers. These are just large individual homes that burnt to the ground that's the business we're in.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it and has there been any issue is as far as on the severity that rebuild cost is maybe higher than you think or insured values were too lower, anything that suggest aside from the frequency that there might be something you are taking up on the underwriting?
Paul J. Krump:  It’s a great question and the answer is no, we've gone through those files with a fine-toothed comb. We’re very proud of our appraisal process. Getting the insurance to values absolutely key for us its part of our underwriting DNA because we don’t get that valuation right nothing else really matters, because the rates are promulgated off of that. So that’s a big difference when we send people in that really understand high net worth homes all the special mill work and all the special features and fixtures to the homes, we have fine arts specials, jewelry specialist, you name it. So that's our bread and butter.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Perfect, perfect, that was my real concern. Rick, a question on the guidance, just to make sure I heard right. I think you said earlier that the implied second half is a point and half better combined ratios than the first half, but it looks like that the fire in the non-cat was a best three points impact on the first half. So that would imply the second half apples-to-apples as a point and a half worst in the first half. Am I doing that right?
Richard G. Spiro: Yes, the other piece that I didn’t talk about redevelopment.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it, got it. So we’re assuming a less development I guess in the second and the first?
Richard G. Spiro: We don’t make any specific development assumption; we just run a whole bunch of different scenarios so make your type.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it, got it. And then my last one, the pickup in the new to loss ratio given that the retention picked up or is it more a function of less lost business and sort of stable new business or was it more new business and stable loss business, I’m just trying to get a sense of was it more in offensive or defensive driver I guess or both?
Richard G. Spiro: It was both, but it was mainly attributable to the higher retention ratio in both the CI and CSI.
Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Perfect. I think that’s all I had. Thanks so much.
Operator:  And with no further questions in this queue. I would like to turn the call back over to John Finnegan for any additional or closing remarks.
John D. Finnegan:  Thank you very much and have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Finnegan - CEO Paul Krump - President of Personal Lines & Claims Dino Robusto - President of Commercial & Specialty Lines Richard Spiro - CFO
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Vinay Misquith - Evercore Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jay Cohen - Bank of America Meyer Shields - KBW Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team makes today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information are provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the first quarter 2014, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or re-broadcasted in any form without Chubb's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast will be available through May 23, 2014. Those listening after April 24, 2014, should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that information will no longer be current. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. As we said in the press release today, Chubb produced solid results in the quarter, which was adversely impacted by several factors, including cat and non-cat weather losses due to the harsh winter weather in the United States, and then usually high level homeowners' fire losses. We are very pleased with the continued positive rate movement in all three of our businesses along with continued strong retention. Our commercial businesses have particularly strong quarters. In professional liability, our combined ratio of 84.6 was as good at quarter as we've had in five years. It represented a whapping 7.8 point improvement from our first quarter of last year. In CCI, our x cat combined ratio of 82.4 was our third best quarterly performance in six years. The performance of both of these businesses benefited from the rate actions and underwriting initiatives that we have undertaken over the past few years. Operating income per share was $1.50 compared to $2.14 in last year's first quarter. Annualized operating ROE was 10.1% for the first quarter of this quarter. The combined ratio for the first quarter was 93.2 this year compared to 84.6 last year. Excluding the impact of cats to combined ratio for the first quarter was 86.6 in 2014 versus 84 a year ago. This deterioration is more than fully accounted for by the higher x cat weather-related losses and homeowner fire losses in this year's first quarter. During the first quarter, we had net realized investments gains of 160 million before tax or $0.30 per share after-tax. This brought up first quarter net income per share to $1.80 resulted in an annualized ROE of 11.1%. GAAP book value per share at March 31, 2014 was $66.36, that's 2% increase in sheer end 2013 and a 7% increase at March 31 a year ago. Our capital position is excellent and we continue to actively repurchase our shares as Ricky will discuss later. In addition, during the first quarter we increased our common stock dividend by 13.6% to $2 per share on an annualized basis. It was Chubb's 32nd consecutive annual dividend increase. Now, for more details on our operating performance, we will start with Dino, who will discuss Chubb's commercial and specialty insurance operations.
Dino Robusto: Thanks, John. Chubb commercial insurance and Chubb's specialty insurance, both had strong performance in the first quarter, starting with CCI, the first quarter combined ratio was 88.5 in 2014 compared to 81.9 in 2013. The impact of catastrophe losses accounted for 6.1 point of the combined ratio compared to minus 1.7 point in the year ago first quarter. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's first quarter combined ratio improved from 83.6 in 2013 to 82.4 in 2014. The 82.4 is within (indiscernible) points of CCI's, the best x cat combined ratio in the last six years. CCI's first quarter net written premiums were down 1% to $1.4 billion with flat growth in the U.S. and down 4% outside the U.S. which in general continues to be a more competitive environment. Although overall growth was down, we continue to retain our best accounts and write new business in the segments where we are the most rate adequate. While at the same time, maintaining discipline of culling accounts where we can't secure appropriate terms and condition. A balance among these actions will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on our mix of business, which in the first quarter resulted in a small decline in overall premium. This slow start in the beginning of the year actually improved in March. In April, it's coming in even stronger than March. So we are optimistic about stronger growth in the second quarter than the first quarter based on the quality and quantity of opportunities we are seeing in our target markets. CCI's average U.S. renewal rate increase in the first quarter of 2014 was 5%, which is above our long run loss cost trend. Given the 6% to 7% increases we experienced in the U.S. in the prior three quarters, the year end impact in the first quarter was 6%. Outside the United States, CCI's average renewal rate increases were in the low single-digit. CCI achieved average U.S. renewal rate increases in every line of business. And as we discussed on our prior earnings call, after three years of rate increases much of our book is no longer in need of large rate increases. So, on a number of segments we are pushing for greater retention and more moderate rate increases and we are writing the majority of new business and segments, but we are the most rate adequate. And the first quarter in the large part reflects this strategy. CCI's first quarter renewal retention in the U.S. increased to 85% from 83% in the fourth quarter of 2013. CCI's new to loss business ratio in the U.S. was 0.9 to 1 compared to 0.7 to 1 in the fourth quarter of 2013, and 0.8 to 1 in the same period last year. It's important to remember we have never relied solely on rate to achieve our historically excellent results. As more and more of our book approaches rate adequacy and rate increase is moderate, we will continue to target growing our profit by remaining vigilant in our underwriting and management of our mix of business across our board set of products in customer segment. It is this legacy of underwriting expertise that allowed us to build an enviable book of business, which we expect will enable us to maintain strong performance relative to the industry in any market. Moving to Chubb's specialty insurance, net written premiums were down 1% in the first quarter to $624 million. CSI's first quarter combined ratio was 88.9 in 2014 versus 87.4 in 2013. For the professional liability portion of CSI, which represents the lion share of the portfolio, net written premiums were up 1% to $552 million. Similar to CCI, the marketplace outside the U.S. continues to be more competitive than in the U.S. with premiums down 2% outside the U.S., but up 2% in the U.S. The combined ratio for professional liability improved almost eight points to 84.6 from 92.4 in the year ago quarter. That 84.6 is the best combined ratio that professional liability has produced in the last ten quarters. We are very pleased with the 7% average renewal rate increase we achieved for professional lines in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2014 as we continue to drive greater profitability. The first quarter of 2014 was the 10th consecutive quarter of professional liability renewal rate increases in the U.S. and the 7th consecutive quarter that professional liability rate increases ranged from 7% to 9%. Each of our professional liability lines of business in the United States achieved renewal rate increases in the first quarter. As in CCI, we continue to differentiate our rate and retention action based on the performance of each line of business and each policy. In markets outside the U.S. average renewal rate increases for professional liability in the first quarter were consistent with the fourth quarter 2013 rising by low single-digit. Renewal retention for professional liability in the U.S. in the first quarter was 85% up one point from the fourth quarter 2013 and up four points from the first quarter of 2013. Retention was the highest for our best performing segments and lowest for our worst performing, again improving the overall quality of our book of business. The new to loss business ratio for professional liability in the first quarter was 0.9 to 1, up from 0.8 to 1 in the fourth quarter of 2013, which continues the flow of steady improvement in that metric since the first quarter of 2013 as more of the new business we target is meeting our demanding underwriting standards. Turning to the surety portion of our CSI book, net written premiums in the first quarter were down 13% to $72 million, also impacted by the competitive marketplace outside the U.S. The combined ratio for surety was 122.9%. The unusually high combined ratio was driven by one large loss in the current accident year from an insured outside the United States that was primarily engaged in mining construction services, whose business failed due to several problem contacts they inherited as a result of an acquisition. As we've stated in previous earnings calls, results can e lumpy in the surety business as the presence or absence of a large loss can have a significant impact especially on one quarter's results. The last time surety had an unprofitable quarter was back in 2008. Our aggregate loss ratio since 2005 is under 15%. So clearly our surety business has been very profitable and remains attractive to us. And with that, I'll turn it over to Paul, who will review our personal lines and corporate-wide claim results.
Paul Krump: Thanks, Dino. Chubb's personal insurance net written premiums increased 3% to $1 billion, and CPI produced a combined ratio of 101.8 compared to 87 in the corresponding quarter last year. CPI's profitability was adversely affected by the severe winter weather resulting in both increased cat and non-cat losses as well as several large fire losses. The impact of catastrophes on CPI's first quarter combined ratio was 11.2 point in 2014 compared to 3.9 points in the first quarter a year ago. On an x cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 90.6 in the first quarter compared to 83.1 in the first quarter of 2013. Homeowners' premiums grew 4% in the first quarter. The combined ratio was 104.9 compared to 82.5 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 17.9 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the first quarter of 2014 compared to 6.1 point in the first quarter of 2013. Due to the unprecedented cold snap, some of the homes of our targeted high net worth customers experienced costly interior damage especially from burst pipes and ice damages. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, the 2014 first quarter homeowners combined ratio was 87 compared to 76.4 in the same period a year ago. This 10.6 point difference is more than accounted for by the first quarter's unusual non-cat weather-related losses and an increase in the impact of large fire losses. As I mentioned, the severe winter resulted in an elevated level of non-cat weather-related losses compared to last year's mild winter. Non-cat weather-related losses accounted for about 14 points of our homeowners combined ratio in the first quarter of this year, which is nine points higher than in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we experienced an uptake in home fires or a perspective on how the first quarter 2014 fire loss impact stacks up. It was 4.5 points higher than in the first quarter of 2013. To summarize, when one compares the homeowners x cat loss ratios of the first quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2013, this year's elevated non-cat weather-related losses added nine points. And the impact of fire losses added about 4.5 points. Together, these 13.5 additional points of losses in the first quarter of 2014 more than account for the 10 points fixed point of year-over-year deterioration in the homeowners' x cat loss ratio. During the first quarter of 2014, we achieved an average homeowner's renewal rate and exposure increase of 7% in the United States. The same is in the first quarter of 2013. Our pricing momentum remained strong, and this is our fourth year of homeowners renewal rate and exposure increase. Personal auto premiums declined 2%, and the combined ratio was 101.4 compared to 94 in the first quarter of 2013. Worldwide auto growth was down in the quarter as we experienced a negative impact from foreign currency translation, as well as, slower growth in our Brazilian operation due to targeted rate action. Auto growth in the U.S. remains strong at 5% driven by renewal rate and exposure increases. U.S. in force comp was up slightly as well versus the first quarter of 2013. The auto combined ratio in the quarter was adversely affected by challenging winter driving conditions in many parts of the United States including flooding in an affluent section of Palm Beach County, Florida in mid January. All told, the unusual winter weather resulted in about three points of auto losses in the quarter. Policy retention in the U.S. in the first quarter was 90% for homeowners and 89% for auto, both of which are essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2013. In other personal, which includes our accident, personal excess liability and yacht volume, premiums were up 3%, and the combined ratio improved to 92.4 from 94 in the first quarter a year ago. Turning now to claims corporate-wide; in the first quarter of 2014 we had cat losses of $199 million before tax or 6.6 points on the combined ratio. This reflected about $206 million of losses from seven cat events in the United States and one event outside of the United States, partially offset by about $7 million decrease in our estimated losses from catastrophes which occurred in prior years. The U.S. events included two catastrophes that occurred in early January of this year for which we provided a preliminary loss estimate at the time of our last earnings conference call. Our current estimate for those events remains in line with our earlier estimate, and they accounted for the bulk of the overall catastrophe impact in the quarter. Of the total first quarter catastrophe losses, 60% were attributable to CPI and 40% to CCI. Now, I'll turn it over to Ricky who will review our financial results in more detail.
Richard Spiro: Thanks, Paul. As usual I will discuss our financial results for the quarter and I will also provide an update on the April 1st renewal of our major property reinsurance program, looking first at our operating results underwriting income with $208 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after-tax was down 4% to $277 million due once again to lower reinvestment rate in both our domestic and international fixed maturity portfolio. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $116 million or $0.30 per share after-tax. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2013 we had net realized investment gains before tax of $138 million or $0.34 per share after tax. In both quarters, $0.14 per share of the net realized investment gain came from alternative investments. As a reminder, unlike some of our competitors, we do not include our share of the change in the net equity of our alternative investments in property and casualty investment income. We included a net realized investment gains and losses. Unrealized depreciation before tax at March 31 was $2.2 billion compared to 1.9 billion at year end 2013. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42.9 billion as of March 31, 2014. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.9 years and the average credit rating is AA3. We continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At March 31st, our holding company portfolio had $2 billion of investment including approximately $830 million of short-term investment. Book value per share under GAAP at March 31 was $66.36 compared to $64.83 at year end 2013. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized cost was $62.39 compared to $61.86 at 2013 year end. As for loss reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the first quarter of 2014 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows. In CPI, we had approximately 5 million, CCI had 90 million, CSI at 65 million and reinsurance assumed had zero bringing our total favorable development to approximately $160 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the first quarter combined ratio of almost 5.5 points overall. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2013 we had about 119 million of favorable development for the company overall including 5 million in CPI, 125 million in CCI, 55 million in CSI and 5 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the first quarter of 2013 was about six points. For the first quarter of 2014, our x cat accident year combined ratio was 91.7 compared to 90.2 in last year's first quarter. During the first quarter of 2014 our loss reserves increased by $26 million, including an increase of 40 million for the insurance business and a decrease of 14 million for the reinsurance assumed business which is in runoff. The overall increase in reserves reflects an increase of $57 million related to catastrophes and the impact of currency translation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of about $25 million. Turning to capital management, we repurchased 4.7 million shares at an aggregate cost of $409 million during the quarter. The average cost of our repurchases in the quarter was $86.73 per share. At the end of the first quarter, we had $1.2 billion available for share repurchases under our current authorization. And as we said on our last earnings call, we expect to complete this program by the end of January 2015. In February, as John mentioned, our board raise the quarterly common stock dividend by 14% to $0.50 per share or $2 on an annual basis. This is our 32nd consecutive annual dividend increase, a continued indication of our consistent performance and financial strength. I'd now like to say a few words about our reinsurance program. On April 1st, we renewed our major property treaties including our North American Cat Treaty, our Non-U.S. Cat Treaty and our commercial property for risk treaty. We renewed these programs with a similar limit structure to what we had in 2013, but with expanded coverage and improved terms and condition. The reinsurance market was orderly and there was plenty of capacity to meet our needs in each treaty as you might expect we are an attractive [cedent] (ph). We achieved double-digit price decreases on all three property treaties that we renewed and the aggregate cost of these three treaties will be meaningfully lower than last year. In addition in March, we successfully completed our sixth catastrophe bond offering East Lane VI to replace the maturing cat bond. The transaction was very well received by the market, and this enabled us to increase the existing limit from 225 million to 270 million and expand the perils covered relative to the expiring arrangement at attractive pricing. Under this new arrangement, we purchased fully collateralized multiyear coverage to supplement our reinsurance program for the perils of main storm including hurricane and tropical storm, earthquake, winter storm and severe thunderstorm in the northeast U.S. running from Virginia to Maine. In terms of pricing, we attained the lowest pricing ever achieved on a cat bond with U.S. hurricane risk. Similar to our previous cat bonds we have indemnity-based trigger, which means that our right to collect is based on our actual incurred losses as opposed to industry or index-based losses. We like the diversification that these cat bond arrangements bring to our overall reinsurance program, especially in our peak zone. Importantly, they provide us with the cost effective fully collateralized alternative to traditional reinsurance with pricing locked in for several year. And now I'll turn it back to John.
John Finnegan: As you can see, first quarter results were a mixed bag. A strong underlying performance was offset to a large degree the by the impact of higher cat, non-cat weather-related losses and unusually high homeowner fire losses. The adverse effect of these factors is reflected in our operating income per share for the first quarter of $1.50, which was $0.60 per share less than the $2.14 per share we earned in the first quarter of 2013. This $0.64 per share differential, $0.45 per share was attributable to higher cat in this year's first quarter. Remaining $0.19 per share difference was more than accounted for by the $0.23 per share aggregate negative impact of higher non-cat weather-related losses $0.15, and homeowner fire losses $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2014. Bear in mind that we also had this surety loss which accounted for approximately $0.10 per share this quarter. Cat/non-cat weather-related losses and homeowners' fire losses had the most pronounced adverse effect on the profitability of personal lines in the first quarter of this year. The deterioration in the personal lines combined ratio versus the first quarter of last year was more than totally attributable to these factors, which can swing significantly from quarter-to-quarter. As we have said before we have enjoyed benign loss experience with respect to non-cat weather and large homeowner fires for a number of years. And as indicated in our January call, our guidance for this year contemplates some reversion to the mean in 2014, and we certainly got it in the first quarter. Well, nothing is for sure, we think it is reasonable to expect lower level of non-cat related weather and fire losses during the balance of this year. Turning to our commercial businesses, we feel good about a number of positive developments in the first quarter. Professional liability first quarter combined ratio improved almost eight points from the first quarter of last year. It was the eighth consecutive quarter in which our combined ratio and professional liability improved. All of our accident year loss ratio was about 66, 4 points better than last year's first quarter. Our x cat CCI combined ratio of 82.4 was 1.2 points better than the first quarter of last year, two points better than last year's full-year combined ratio and better than any full-year combined ratio in the recent memory. There is also place in all three of our business units we continue to obtain mid single-digit renewal rate increases in the U.S. in the first quarter of this year. Commercial, we now enjoy mid to high single-digit renewal rate increase for 10 consecutive quarters. Also in professional liability we have now enjoyed eight quarters of mid to high single-digit renewal increase. In personal lines, the homeowners' line of businesses enjoyed nine quarters of mid to high single-digit renewal increases. Meanwhile we continue to enjoy strong renewal retention in all of our business units. Finally with respect to capital management, we returned $533 million to our shareholders in the first quarter, $409 million of share repurchases and $124 million in cash dividends. With that, I'll open the line to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Thanks, and good afternoon. Two quick questions; first of all, just going back to the discussion on the fire losses. Can you sort of expand on the nature of these fire losses and was there some sort of a geographic concentration to these fire losses?
John Finnegan: I think the quick and dirty answer is no geographic concentration, and most of fire losses from quarter-to-quarter are a matter of good fortune or bad fortune. No pattern really.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Okay, got it. That was just more of an aberration than anything else.
John Finnegan: Well, we were aberrational on the low side for a few quarters, and this was a little bit on the high side. So we've been talking about a little reversion to the mean. Yeah, hopefully it will revert back down a little bit. But yeah, we've had a good run, though.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Got it. I got the point. The second question I have is -- and this relates to CCI. I think the comment was made that you have gotten good rate increases for some time, and hence based on the book of business that level of rate increases diminishes sort of going forward. If you were to fast-forward, let's say to the end of 2014, how do you foresee the rate versus loss cost equation to shape up?
Dino Robusto: What I could say is we look at April. Pricing in April appears to be in line with what we saw in the first quarter, but I can't predict what the rest of the year is going to bring. What I can tell you is that we continue to differentiate our rate increases by account based on the underwriting merits and the performance of each of the accounts. There is a meaningful difference in the average rate changes we get. And so, we're going to continue to execute that strategy. One thing on loss cost trends, to keep in mind, obviously you got this sort of benefits of the like earned impact of the prior quarter's higher rate increases and those all play forward for a couple of quarters, but I can't really predict what's going to happen to rate by the end of the year.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Okay, so all is somewhat of a steady state right now.
Dino Robusto: Yeah, what we saw essentially in April.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Got it. Okay, that's all I have. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Dino Robusto: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And let's now go to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the call. So, I appreciate all the commentary on pricing and it sounds like you guys think your bad adequate, and obviously record earnings, so it is a probably a good confirmation of that. The question is if you think about the industry structurally, you guys have visibility to sort of the way people actually act, we are just trying to respond to earnings calls and things. What do you think happens when the rest of the industry isn't inadequate? Are we going to maintain sort of pricing stability more or less like around the rate of inflation, kind of like theoretically the new rationality should leave people to do, or when you talk about things like double-digit declines in reinsurance pricing, do you think we'll sort of see like a real softening cycle, if you look at six months or a year and you are sort of doing your planning and you are thinking about the people you are actually competing with?
John Finnegan: So, I think for one thing the industry is a good deal from price adequate. I mean I think in some lines we are getting the price adequate. I have seen professional liability for example, we have made great strives and we are probably running a steady face '95. If you look at normalized expense ratio, and that's still not really price adequate over a longer term in current interest rate. I would guess the industry on a current accident year basis fully loaded for caps to current investment rates, the industry itself is probably running high single-digit. There are some of our competitors that are running like us, running low double-digits, but that's still not quite where people want to be. So I think there is a way to go.
 :
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: That's fair. If I can ask another question, so I am surprised as you guys are shrinking internationally this quarter. I realize I didn't know that much honestly about your national businesses, and I am wondering it's better to refer to your book, and we don't talk that much about it. I am wondering if you can give us just some color on sort of what's going on, and big picture, the growth opportunities internationally, and how you guys are sort of able to leverage Chubb as a global brand? Thank you.
John Finnegan: Paul, you can answer. I'll start off and say it's more like a quarter of our business, not a third.
Paul Krump: Yeah, I would say, Josh, it's about 25%, it depends on the line of business, and the personal lines base. It's right around 25%. We have some very good opportunities for growth. What you saw -- and we saw mostly in our auto, because Brazil is a very large automobile market for us. We took some rate action. I think Dino has mentioned that on previous calls. So we have been surgically improving the book of business there. So we had about flat policy in-force count in Brazil, but when it translated it into U.S. dollars, it came back down about 10%. If I go over to the accident help business and other areas, that is more disproportionately outside the United States and almost the inverse about 70% outside the United States, 30% inside the United States. We've been enjoying some very nice growth there. We have been writing both employer groups and some affinity groups. So things like travel accidents for credit cardholders outside the United States.
Dino Robusto: And on commercial, as we've been indicating over some of the prior calls and we said it today too, we got a lot less rate historically overseas is just a much more competitive marketplace in particular places know Europe and clearly we are not going to chase any unprofitable business and maintain a disciplined approach. And so, we are seeing a little bit less growth recently. Over time though we still see good potential and we expect that the underpricing will eventually catch up in the marketplace, and we will continue to be a player outside the United States.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Good evening, thank you for taking my call. First question on the 150 basis point deterioration in turn by your underlying combined ratio year-over-year, how much of that is attributable to this non-cat weather and the large fire losses, and also the surety loss?
John Finnegan: Well, I would say about 200 basis points are attributable to non-GAAP weather and fire losses, so it's more than accounts for the deteriorations. And the surety loss will be another point.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Another point, okay.
Dino Robusto: And then the fire losses were probably another point as well.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So as we -- sort of the rate of increase is actually slowing down, and if inflation keeps the same that it's right now, and at what point we would no longer see the underlying margin expansion?
John Finnegan: As you know, I think the part of the thing is that it's a little bit complicated like most say. Margin expansion is a long-term projection that doesn't take into account quarter-to-quarter variation. We saw significant variation in this quarter. But just looking at it, I mean you can do the mathematics and say it's 4.5 or two points now and we still haven't earned premium as we move forward in terms of margin expansion. But also remember as rates come down, our book has improved. So whether you call that a lower loss cost trend line or more immediate impact to loss cost right now, there is a benefit. You need 10 points if you have -- maybe you have nothing but a lousy book and when you prune that book, you don't need 10 points any more, you need less points. I don't know that you can just as easily just look at -- given where the book is let's compare it to full points and say the point is too higher. It's got this pretty close. I think right now we get margin expansion, but again, we have a better book. So we would expect a little bit less rate as we move forward.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you. Lastly on the sort of reinsurance cost, you mentioned that meaningful lower sort of like reinsurance costs, would that flow directly into the bottom line, or are you going to tap some of it on to consumers?
Richard Spiro: Well, again, I think as John said, we are now -- we are going to benefit from those lower costs whether or not we incorporated that into pricing as we go forward, time will tell.
John Finnegan: You are thinking -- in the order of magnitude you are thinking $30 million, $40 million, $50 million on a $4 billion book. It's not a major driver of the pricing decision.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we will go to Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Hi, good evening. For the higher fire losses in the non-cat whether that's about three points year-over-year change, just curious how much of it was higher was on a normalized basis for this quarter, because last year I believe it -- you had a below average number?
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Give us one sec. So if you look over a five year average for first quarter for non-cat weather-related losses, this is excluding the current first quarter, so that five years prior, we had about seven points on average of non-cat weather relate losses in our first quarter. The same comparable number if you look at fire losses would have been about eight points. I am sorry, yeah, eight points. And again, those numbers are on homeowners' loss ratio, not on the overall company.
John Finnegan: And remember you would expect that the first quarter of a year would have a little bit higher non-cat related weather than most of the other quarters, right? Fire will be different, but non-cat related-weather is almost -- first quarter was about 14.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Sure. So for the non-cat weather that was seven points in average versus I think this quarter was 14 points you said?
John Finnegan: Yes.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Right. And on the fire, do you normalize this eight versus towards the nine for this quarter?
John Finnegan: Yeah.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Okay, that's helpful. Secondly on the auto combined ratio, that also seems to be high. I believe you mentioned three points or something. If you could just help me understand that, it will be helpful. Thanks.
John Finnegan: Sure. You are talking about the personal auto?
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Yes, correct.
John Finnegan: Okay. What you have in the personal auto was the three points of the adverse weather that was hitting it. I mentioned as well we had experienced some profitability issues in Brazil. We have been taking action there. We feel like we are addressing that very adequately through our surgical underwriting action and specific rate taking by tier. I just -- of course you would remember that we have a very small auto book in our portfolio. So it doesn't take much to move the overall combined ratio. We have enjoyed good rate and exposure increases of five points in that book of business. And our U.S. book is growing at 5%. That's really the story behind auto and the personal lines front.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Fair enough. And just one last follow up. So looking at the reduction in the pace of rate increases and the increase in per retention and the new to loss business, it seems that there is a modest improvement, but curious from your perspective as to what -- so how you will you look at the risk reward period being taking less rate versus sort of growing the book, because the book doesn't seem to be growing right now.
Dino Robusto: Yeah. As I indicated a little bit earlier, after multiple years of rate on rate increases plus given the fact that we have been calling the lowest performing parts of our book in managing our mix of business. Increasingly, we are focused on retaining our best accounts, and also those kinds of rate increases that have impacted some of the new business opportunities. So we are looking at increasing the retention and going after a little bit more new business which we saw. It didn't really manifest itself in the total. In the aggregate as I indicated outside U.S. was still a little bit more competitive, so our growth was down there, and there was a couple of additional factors affecting some of the growth on the U.S. side. Our exposure decrease was actually two points and that was function of the fact that we were reducing our participation on certain accounts to manage our aggregation. So that had a dampening effect on what you are seeing in term of the higher retention and a little bit more new business, but directionally clearly we are interested in retaining more of our accounts and we see some good opportunities going forward. And so, as I indicated earlier, a little bit more optimistic that the growth will look a little better in the second quarter.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. So I guess one question I had was obviously reinsurance is very inexpensive for the market for you in particular, why not -- but the homeowners' book shrank obviously, there are some issues on homeowners' book that were specific to the quarter, but why not grow that book of business if you are able to get very good rate, you are comfortable with the risk profile and you can buy an expensive protection?
Paul Krump: First of all, Mike, this is Paul, and homeowners grew at 4% in the quarter. So we felt pretty good about that. I would tell you that we do look at reinsurance, occasionally we look at it opportunistically in the homeowners' front. It depends on the geography. It depends on the customer, but when we most often step into the [fact] (ph) market is where we are looking at the ultra high net worth that kind of a family office type exposures where they have properties all over the globe often times in places like Florida. And that's where we use reinsurance the most often on a facultative basis in the homeowners' world. Dino, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Dino Robusto: I mean you don't have any new overall strategy to increase the reinsurance prices, but clearly as thoughtful underwriters, we are always looking to maximize our risk-return tradeoff. And lower reinsurance pricing could potentially offer us that on certain accounts, and we will clearly look at that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then maybe if I could, Paul, on the comp book, can you comment just a bit on where that is right now on an underlying loss or combined ratio basis, and whether or not you are continuing to get rate there at the same level as previously or where that's factoring relative to loss trend? Thanks.
Paul Krump: Yeah. So the workers' comp, it continues to be very profitable for us. The rate increases for comps have declined from the higher levels that we saw on 2011 and 2012, and -- but we continue to see some really good performance in it. Our growth was down a little bit this quarter, but in general we are very optimistic about our comp portfolio. It's been historically very profitable, and we continue to see it as an opportunity going forward.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So where are you writing that business now? Can you tell us?
Paul Krump: Yeah, so the combined ratio in the quarter for our commercial workers' comp was 84.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: On an underlying basis?
Paul Krump: No, no, no, calendar year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So I guess my question is whether it's comp or other business, I mean, obviously you have your levels of profitability that you are willing to write business and we can't see it at the segment level because we just don't have this disclosure, but is there -- are you seeing the market competitors that are looking to get -- to frankly start to get more competitive and pick up your business if your threshold for profitability is higher than their's? I mean because you are running in 84 comps, you are probably writing it as 74 on an underlying basis -- it's clearly profitable. Are other people willing to write that business at less profitable levels because they can clip the coupon on the investing side and maybe give you more competition whether it's there or whether it's in other books?
Dino Robusto: Well, just in terms of the competitive side of it, as we've always indicated we write our workers' comp in our work comp portfolio in parallel with other coverages, in our target niches and its attractive business. It's been historically profitable, but our retentions has stayed historically very high, and clearly based on our value proposition we can keep the business that we want on comp based on all the other lines that we are writing. And your question about where we are writing it, we are writing it across the U.S. in line with our target market strategy.
Paul Krump: Mike, I would just add that as underwriters we put our business into -- we tier it all the time. It's where that we lose a customer just on a couple of points of price. We know which ones are performing exceedingly well and which ones are not performing so well. So we put them into different cohorts, and our underwriters are trained to know when to back away and when to let an account go and when to hang on one. I think at 84, it was a very good quarter for workers' comp.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: We all know. Of course, absolutely. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we will go to Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Yeah, thank you, a couple of questions. You had mentioned in the property reinsurance treaties getting better terms and conditions, I'm wondering if you could give us a bit more detail on that? And then, second question I'll ask is, in CCI did you have a similar experience with non-cat weather as you did in personal lines or was that -- would you consider that to be fairly normal?
Dino Robusto: You want to answer?
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Jay, it's Ricky; I will start with the first question on reinsurance and then Dino will take the non-cat weather. So I'll give you one example, the biggest change that we were able to achieve was with the definition of a single occurrence for key perils. So as you probably know within cat treaties, a single occurrence or specific perils is based on the number of hours from the beginning of an occurrence to the ending of occurrence. And the losses that fall within the hours caused for a given peril are covered in the single loss occurrence. Generally speaking, one hour causes are better for the ceding company, so you have more time in which to cover losses that occur as part of an event. So with that as background, I'll give you one specific example. In our North American cat treaty for the peril of hurricane and tropical storm, our expiring hours caused with 96 hours or four days, and our new hours cause is a 168 hours or seven days, so a meaningful increase in the length of time that we can put losses for a specific event. And that sort of thing happen for almost all the perils in each our major treaties, so a very positive development for us.
Dino Robusto:
 :
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Got it. If I could squeeze one more; it's a yes or no question. You talked about having some favorable development in the cat line, was that also -- did that also show up in a favorable development that you talked about overall?
Richard Spiro: Yes, it did. It was about 0.2 points of development related to that. So you don't double count. If you're trying to get to say, our accident year, x cat combined ratio, you got to deduct about 0.2 points from the overall favorable development number.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: That's helpful. Thanks, Ricky.
Operator: Next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Thanks, good evening. Just with regard to the weather, does that have any favorable impact on workers' compensation, because there is less activity going on outside, is that all relevant?
John Finnegan: Good question. I guess we've never thought of it that way. I don't think we have an answer to that. I think (multiple speakers) claim data points they give you.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Okay. I'm not trying to take anything away from the 84.
John Finnegan: I think, A) It's a good question, B) It has stumped us, and C) I can assure you it wouldn't be material to the 84, I'm sure. Yeah.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Okay. That's the part that matters. Second, with regard to the culling, I'm not sure how to quantify this question, but can you compare how much of your book now is in the underperforming tiers compared to what a reasonable long-term target is?
Dino Robusto: I can't really quantify it exactly for you. What I can clearly tell you is that a lot more of our accounts in our book is rate adequate, and which is why you saw a little bit of the slight moderation in the rate. We are still getting, though, some strong differentiation. One thing maybe as the data point that I can give you, if you look at sort of distribution of the increases in the U.S. about 20% of our CCI book got greater than 10% rate increases, whereas our professional liability was roughly a quarter of the book that got over 10 in terms of price reductions. Less than 10% of our book got rate decreases from both our commercial lines and professional liability lines, but clearly over time, we have less and less of the need for the larger rate increases.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Okay. That's very helpful. And is there any difference in terms of loss cost trends outside of U.S. and inside?
Richard Spiro: The lines of business are roughly the same. I would say it's roughly the same.
Paul Krump: Yeah, I would agree.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we will take the next question from Ian Gutterman with BAM Investments.
Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments: Hi, I just had a couple of questions on reserves. The first one, in CPI the 5 million releases, I know that's the same as last year, but most quarters that's 20, 30, 40 favorable, was there anything that was less unusual in CPI?
Richard Spiro: No, really it's hard to say the correct definition. Most of it came from personal other, and then there was a small piece that came from homeowners due to what we were talking about earlier, the favorable prior year cats, and personal auto was a little bit adverse.
Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments: Okay. So there is less releases from home than usual, that's what it sounds like.
Richard Spiro: Yes.
Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments: Okay. And then the other one, this is a little bit more tactical, but on D&O reserves, going through your Schedule P, the other liability claims made, my analysis, I think several of the analysts on the sell-side published more analyses that seem to show that they, say, starting in 2010 through 2013, those accident years don't look to be reserved as well as the older years. At the same time, obviously you guys have discussed for the past couple of years running hot in the lines that are more frequency-type lines that arguably would cause pays to happen sooner than if we looked at the historical pay pattern. So I was wondering if you had any insights into why we are seeing that pattern where it seems like reserves aren't as strong as what (indiscernible) professional lines?
Richard Spiro: Sure. Well, obviously as you are pointing at it, if you aggregate what's shown in part two of Schedule P for our individual writing companies, the average development in the other liability claims made for two of the accident years, that being '11 and '12, were slightly adverse; about $4 million adverse in '12 and about $ 9 million adverse in '11. So when you say that there they're developing adversely, there is really hardly any change at all. The other thing I would say is that there are naturally many moving parts within an aggregated line of business like this. So parsing movement this small, it's contributing elements is inherently problematic, but as you point out, we have talked on prior earnings calls about, for example, some of the issues we've had with the employment practice liability line. And so, part of the adverse development you are seeing is related to that. Going forward, I'd say these accident years are still green and we will see how it develop over time, but we said our year end reserves we believe are at appropriate levels and you guys can draw your own conclusions.
Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments: If I can just clarify a little bit, I'm not so much aware that they developed adverse initially. It was more looking at -- I am not so much worried that they developed adverse initially, it was more looking at sort of the initial page relative to incurred in the early years versus older early years and the initial IBNR versus other year's IBNRs, would that be -- it seems like there is maybe a tale that's changing. And it's obviously hard for us outside given some of the points you raised to disembowel that I guess. Is there any suggestions you can give us on what appropriate adjustments might be that might give us a better answer?
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Again, it's hard to point anything specific. There have been some mixed changes that may have some impact there, but nothing on a philosophical basis that I would point out.
Ian Gutterman - BAM Investments: Okay, great. That's all I have for tonight. Thanks.
Richard Spiro: Thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Finnegan, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
John Finnegan: Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Brian E. Dowd - Executive of Office of The Chairman
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to ACE Limited Fourth Quarter Year End 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And now for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited December 31, 2013, Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to company and investment performance, pricing and insurance market conditions, and potential acquisition, including our recently announced expected acquisition in Thailand, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements, which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live, and the webcast replay will be available for 1 month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. ACE had an excellent fourth quarter that contributed to a record year. All divisions of the company made a positive contribution to our results that were highlighted by both strong premium revenue and underwriting income growth globally. The outstanding underwriting performance benefited from both good current accident year margins and margin improvement, as well as low catastrophe losses and strong positive reserve development. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $824 million, or $2.39 per share, up 67%. And the P&C combined ratio in the quarter was 89.3%. For the year, net operating income was $9.35 per share, or over $3.2 billion of operating earnings, up 23% from 2012, and records for our company. Our P&C combined ratio for the year was 88%, resulting in $1.8 billion of underwriting income, which was up over 110%, simply outstanding. ACE's strong current accident year underwriting has been at the heart of our great calendar year underwriting results. The current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, was 90% for the year, almost 3 points better than prior. The current accident year results reflect our premium revenue growth globally, a more favorable pricing environment in North America, continued margin improvement globally in many of our businesses as a result of portfolio mix efforts, and product mix. And finally, our current accident year combined ratio benefits from excellent expense control, another hallmark of our company. To break it down a step further, our current accident year results, excluding cats for global P&C, which excludes agriculture, was 89.4% for the year; and our combined ratio for ag was 95%. Ag ran 105% in the fourth quarter, which was worse than we projected, due to significantly lower corn yields in Iowa, Missouri and Southern Minnesota. Net investment income was quite strong in the quarter and a bit better than we anticipated. For the year, given our strong cash flow, net investment income of $2.1 billion was down less than 2%, a good result given the continued pressure from ultralow interest rates. Phil will have more to say about the quarter and the year. Our earnings led to an excellent operating ROE of over 12% for both the quarter and the year. Our shared book value grew 5% for the year, or 11% if you exclude the unrealized losses from our investment portfolio as interest rates rose. I look at adjusted book value growth because we are fundamentally a long-term buy-and-hold investor. So the mark is a timing question. At nearly $29 billion at December 31, our book value was doubled in the last 5 years and tripled in the last 10. Turning to growth. P&C net premiums written in the quarter grew nearly 20% on a constant dollar basis, with growth coming from a majority percentage of product lines and all regions. And this -- as this earns its way in, it will be a source of future earnings. For the year, P&C net premiums increased about 8% in constant dollars, or 11%, excluding agriculture. Let me add a bit more insight and break down the P&C growth by area. For the year, our commercial and specialty businesses generated growth of 10% globally, with contributions from every region. U.S. retail and wholesale grew 11% and 13%, respectively. Internationally, retail commercial P&C was up 10%. Latin America led the way with commercial P&C net premium growth of over 20% in constant dollars, followed by solid single-digit growth in Asia, Europe and Japan. Growth in our London-based E&S business, which saw more competition during the year, was modest at 2%. Net premiums for our agriculture business were down 12.5% for the year and were in line with our expectations. The decline was due primarily to an increase in the amount of crop reinsurance we purchased. For the year, our A&H business grew 5% globally in constant dollars, with international up 10%. Premiums for our combined insurance business were down 2%. For our core combined business, as I reported last quarter, agent manpower counts in North America are way up, and so were new sales. And those factors will translate into net premium growth at the combined. Net premiums written for personal lines were up 40% in constant dollars in 2013, or 11.5%, excluding the contribution from our acquisitions, particularly in Mexico. We have done a good job to-date of integrating these companies, and they have been accretive to our earnings in their first year. We are taking them more valuable by combining their impressive talent and local product and market expertise with our global underwriting and analytics capability, and our distribution management capabilities, and our broad product portfolio. Our personal lines business is poised to continue with substantial growth globally. Our international life insurance business, which is focused primarily in Asia and secondarily on Latin America, had a reasonably good year. Premium production grew 18.5% in constant dollars. Lastly, our Global Reinsurance business had an excellent year, with a combined ratio below 66% and underwriting income up over 45%, due primarily to low catastrophe losses and good results from the core P&C book. Net premiums declined 3%, as we maintained underwriting discipline in the phase of flat to declining rates and increasing competition as the year progressed. Given the soft conditions in the reinsurance market, which is a wash in capital, Global Re is not going to be the place where ACE expects to achieve near-term growth, as we are fully prepared to shed further volume, as necessary, in order to maintain an underwriting profit. We take great pride in the underwriting discipline of our reinsurance colleagues. We applaud them and we reward them for it. By the way, on the other side of the coin, ACE is a substantial buyer of reinsurance, one of the largest in the world. And our risk appetite has not changed. It remains steady. We pride ourselves on the long-term relationships and the money we have made for reinsurers over the years. We are a sought-after cedent. The softening reinsurance market benefits ACE in terms of pricing and improved terms, and that will positively impact our future financial results. Looking forward, we are off to a great start in January where pricing was similar to the fourth quarter. Remembering, of course, that we are in a risk business, I expect we will have a good year in '14 from a revenue growth perspective as we continue to take advantage of the many growth opportunities we see around the globe, including right here in the U.S. I want to say a few words about the current pricing environment. Our commercial P&C business in the U.S. continued to benefit from a positive price environment with another quarter of rate-on-rate increases. Overall, North American pricing, both wholesale and retail, was up 3% in the quarter. General and specialty casualty-related pricing strengthened in the quarter, up nearly 4.5% compared to an average 3.5% year-to-date. Large account risk management-related casualty pricing was up 4.3% versus 4.8% for the year. Management and professional lines pricing was up about 3.5% in the quarter, the same as it's been for the year. On the other hand, the rating of increase for property-related pricing continued to flatten in the quarter, up about 0.5% versus an average of 3.5% increase for the year. In our U.S. retail business, new business writings grew 6.5% year-on-year; and our renewal retention rate, as measured by premium, was 100% in the quarter. On the North American wholesale side of our business, new business was up 22%. Internationally, the retail commercial P&C environment is competitive, but remains stable. In total, rates were down 2% in the quarter versus 1% for the year. Rate decreases varied between 1% and 3%, depending on line of business and territory. The U.K., Latin America and Asia are competitive, while the Continent is reasonably stable. And in fact, we secured rate increases on the Continent for certain classes, such as property and professional lines. Let me add a comment here. Strategy for ACE is not simply about achieving more rate and improving margin. It's about using underwriting and marketing to achieve growth where risk-adjusted underwriting margins are favorable, and then on the other side of the coin, achieving better terms or shrinking where they are not. John Keogh and John Lupica can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. Earlier this month, shareholders approved a 24% increase in the common stock dividend. Raising the dividend, this amount is consistent with our long-term commitment to a strong dividend with a target payout ratio of approximately 30% of operating earnings. Our dividend has increased 80% since the beginning of '12. As all of you know, we also announced in the quarter a plan to target the repurchase of up to 1.5 billion of our shares in '14. The buybacks are not a change in strategy or our view opportunity. We have simply reached a point, all things being equal, where we have built up sufficient capital flexibility for both opportunity and risk that we can return additional capital surplus we generate in '14 via share repurchase, without impacting our growth capability. We will continue to capture organic growth where the returns are attractive, while pursuing acquisitions opportunistically to complement our growth strategies. To that point, as you all saw, we announced earlier this month plans for a small but strategically meaningful acquisition in Thailand. We plan to acquire a 60.9% stake of Siam Commercial Samaggi Insurance, a writer of auto, small commercial and personal accident insurance. Samaggi is well established with excellent distribution, including its 12 branches and 1,000 independent agents and a close commercial relationships with Siam Commercial Bank, one of the country’s most venerable financial institutions. The addition will complement our existing commercial P&C, A&H and Life businesses in that country. After we close on this transaction, we hope sometime in the second quarter, we plan a tender offer for the remaining 39.1% for total transaction cost of approximately $185 million. In summary, ACE's financial results for the quarter, and much more importantly, the full year, distinguished our company. We performed well as measured by operating and net income, combined ratio, book value and premium revenue growth, and of course, ROE. We finished the year more diversified in terms of product and geography, increasing our presence in areas such as the U.S., Asia and Latin America, that present opportunity for future growth. And of course, our balance sheet is in excellent shape. We are, in fact, well positioned for an excellent '14 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we'll come back and take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We had an excellent quarter and record year. Full year net income was $3.8 billion or $10.92 per share. Tangible book value per share grew 3% for the quarter and 4% for the year. If we exclude the impact of our acquisitions, tangible book value per share grew 6.7% for the year, whereas, if we just exclude the unrealized losses from the investment portfolio, it grew 11.8%. Our cash and invested assets grew to $61.5 billion, and cash flow was $1.3 billion for the quarter and $4 billion for the year. Our balance sheet risk profile remains extremely strong. Net realized and unrealized losses pretax were $21 million for the quarter, and principally comprise losses in our investment portfolio of $151 million, foreign exchange losses of $16 million, and gains in our VA reinsurance portfolio of $149 million, which included a $92 million realized gain from an out-of-period adjustment for an error in a third-party market valuation model. Investment income for the quarter was $557 million. This was better than anticipated, principally due to higher private equity and other distributions, and slower prepayments in our agency mortgage portfolio, which have a higher yield than current new money rates. Current new money rates are 3%, if reinvested in a similar distribution, and our current book yield is 3.8%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $540 million, which is subject to variability and portfolio rates, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our net loss reserves were up $508 million, or 2%, for the year, adjusted for foreign exchange. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 96% for the year, or 85% on a normalized basis, which takes into account cat loss activity, prior period development and crop loss activity. During the quarter, we strengthened reserves in the Brandywine run-off operation by $91 million pretax. The reserve increase, principally relating to asbestos, is driven primarily by settlements of a few accounts and incurred development in our assumed reinsurance book. Our portfolio of accounts remains reasonably stable both with respect to frequency and severity. We have seen no real changes in the asbestos strength environment. The brand new line strengthening was more than offset by $213 million of positive prior period development, principally from short-tail lines, primarily from 2009 and subsequent accident years. Cat losses were $31 million after tax in the quarter from worldwide weather events. A&H net premiums written were up 4.7% in constant dollars compared to last year's quarter. Operating income was down 7%. Excluding nonrecurring tax items, A&H operating income is up 3.8%. Our tax rate for the quarter of 9.2% was favorably impacted by the split of PPD and cats between taxable and low tax jurisdictions and a onetime tax benefit in the quarter. We believe a reasonable current accident year run rate for tax is in a range of 13% to 15%. We have repurchased approximately $160 million of our shares since the November announcement of our plan to repurchase up to 1.5 billion. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Amit Kumar with Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: The first question is a follow-up on the discussion on risk-adjusted margins in your opening remarks. In terms of loss cost trends in North America commercial lines, are there any lines which might be witnessing meaningful -- more pressure, I guess, compared to maybe 6 months ago in terms of loss cost trends?
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm just thinking for a moment before answering that, but no. A one-word answer: No, not really.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: And I guess, related that would be any change in the competitive pressure?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, competitive pressure, it really varies by lines of business. You can't generalize about that. Where margins improve and become more adequate, heads-up underwriters compete more for that business. That's just natural. And you see that. On the other side of the coin, when people are suffering under -- competitors are suffering because rates are inadequate and -- or loss costs are rising more than pricing and there is a deterioration, then usually you'll see more of a pullback in that class and more adjustment to pricing. So it varies.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. The only other question I have is, I guess, the follow-up on your comment.
Evan G. Greenberg: The one thing I would say that, it's hardly that the market is not -- the market is a competitive marketplace. That's all there is to it.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes. I guess what I was trying to ask is, are you seeing some competitors being much more aggressive based on their capital position than what you might have seen in 2013?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, no.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. The other question was on the reinsurance purchase comment. Would it be fair to say that you might look to consolidate your U.S. and international cat treaties when they renew at July 1?
Evan G. Greenberg: Stay tuned. Are you in the reinsurance broking business now?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: No, no. Maybe I should be.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't know, buddy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess, the first question on operating leverage. Top-line growth has been outpacing expense growth for a little while now. Should we expect that dynamic to continue into 2014?
Evan G. Greenberg: That's going to vary by area, by mix of business. But overall, that's thematically correct.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, next. If I look at -- I guess, it's related to Amit's a little bit. Top-line growth seems to be -- to have accelerated a little bit. And I think some of that's due to, on a net basis, due to lower seeding levels. So I guess, how should we think about the top-line growth rate in 2014? Maybe overlay that, potentially, should we expect the seeding levels to continue following as well maybe back to their historical average seeding levels?
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, whatever is to be judged by about '14, that'll be your business. We're not giving guidance. So I'm not trying to work on your worksheet here. But we have not changed our risk appetite, as I said. And so, therefore, our net-to-gross remains pretty steady. It varies depending on mix of business. So if certain lines of business that have a higher net retention to them grow faster, then the overall net-to-gross will be a higher net as a percentage. But within each cohort, each line of business, our risk appetite is steady.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just a final follow-up to that question then is, is some of the recent acquisitions impacting 4Q potentially?
Evan G. Greenberg: Impacting the fourth quarter results?
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Growth rates. Correct.
Evan G. Greenberg: In terms of retention or overall or...
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Premiums written, maybe I'm missing that dynamic in terms of the upward growth trajectory.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, of course, they do. Mexico impacts our growth. As I said, our personal lines business grew 40%. But if you take out the impact of acquisition, it grew 11%. That's giving you a sense of it. And then for our total international, Phil?
Philip V. Bancroft: AOG in total, as reported, grew 15.1%; excluding acquisitions, it grew 8.8%.
Evan G. Greenberg: So acquisitions impacted the growth, of course. And they are a -- they do impact the net in that case, as well -- the net-to-gross, because there is more personal lines, which is a higher-retention line. So that's one of the dynamics.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions on the crop book. So I know you retained less this year versus last year, purchased a bit more reinsurance. Do you expect to repeat either this year's version of how much you retained, or last year's? I think you had said at one point that you expect to kind of revert back to '12-type level. I'm just trying to understand is this a business that you're going to either grow more and seed more or go back to your prior-level recessions?
Evan G. Greenberg: Michael, I think our reinsurance purchases most likely in '14 will be very similar to what they were in '13. As far as third-party private reinsurance is concerned, we've purchased both quota share and XOL. I'd expect that to repeat. Our sessions with the government can vary on the margin, though that also depends on loss-making or not-loss-making state, crop or year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then on the development, could you -- Phil, could you specify a little bit in terms of what lines broadly drove the favorable development this quarter?
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, I did say it was principally short-tail losses. But if you put the Brandywine aside, it was principally short-tail lines for 2009 and subsequent. And we'll give you the detail of the lines in the 10-K.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got. I mean, I was just thinking like -- I mean, short-tail, I was thinking... I'm sure I'm not thinking about this right. But I would think that really recent accident short-tail lines -- your short-tail lines would be the ones that would be developing just because they probably would have already developed, the '09 year's probably would have already developed by now.
Evan G. Greenberg: Michael, I think the thing you have to keep in mind is, first of all, the development comes from where we drew our reserve studies in the quarter. And our reserve studies occur all year long. We don't study all reserves every quarter for -- in actually a deep dive way. And so these are the results of the deep dive, so more short-tail is reviewed in the quarter than long-tail. And that's why it's more short-tail versus long-tail related. And development, when you're thinking, well, you think most of it is more recent than '09, et cetera, it depends where it's coming from. Wholesale business, for instance, where you're writing on a policy, your basis, a year of account basis, that accounting and development of that can take longer than, say, a primary retail book. So if you're a prudent underwriter, there's going to be a different development pattern even for short-tail than -- and it's not all created equal.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one last one on that maybe. On that -- you talked about the reinsurance markets. I mean, do you... Obviously, there are a lot of players that write reinsurance and also insurance, it's primarily to broker, intermediate markets. I mean, do you think -- is there any possibility of the conditions that you are seeing manifest on the reinsurance side rolling into the insurance markets? Or do you feel like, for a host of reasons that, that's not something that will manifest soon?
Evan G. Greenberg: Who knows? It's a -- I can't speculate about that or where or when and what. But thematically, look, of course, reinsurance becomes competitive and that's -- it's almost like arms dealers. That feeds the primary side of the business as reinsurers are hungry, and that generally leads to a more competitive marketplace on the insurance side. And if that occurs, we are fully prepared for that. I have absolute confidence in our ability to outperform in an environment like that. We're global and the whole world won't behave same way. We got a lot of lines of business that are not subject to cycle. We're in growth areas of the world where, in fact, exposures are growing. We're in areas of commercial P&C that require distribution to reach customer bases and are in areas that are not subject to the same kind of cycle movement. So for a host of reasons -- and then when I look at our commercial business, our insights and portfolio management of how to distinguish in -- among cohorts of risk in both pricing and terms, ACE will outperform. When it happens, bring it on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With regard to the accident year combined ratio x cat, I mean, you sound pretty constructive on the outlook for 2014, including the top-line growth. So I'm just thinking directionally should we expect that important metric to improve again in 2014?
Evan G. Greenberg: Jay, I'm not guiding that way. I'm not going to give direction that way. The only thing I can say -- I'll just repeat one thing I did say. It's not about if -- A lot of the discussion I listened to is so obsessed simply about margins. And I get that when it's speaking to companies that aren't growing. So the only source of earnings stability is through margin improvement. I got that. ACE is a growth company, growing in many areas and with a lot of opportunity. Margins are good. I mean, look at the underwriting margins. They are decent. Now, it's not all classes, and so we're underwriting margins. We judge them to be a good risk-adjusted return. We view that as an opportunity. And it is our job to ferret out that opportunity for growth. Where we see underwriting margins are not decent, it's to do what we always do: either achieve terms, including price, that will secure a reasonable risk adjusted return, or shrink that business. And that's how we're planning.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Switching gears on the share buyback authorization, is that just for 2014 or should we consider this something we should anticipate in future years as well? Because when Phil mentioned that 30% target payout ratio for the dividend basically backs into around a 50% use of operating income for the buyback. So I just want to see if I'm thinking about that the right way?
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't think -- I think I won't comment on the 50%. But the share buyback is a '14-only. And when we get to the end of '14, we will speak about capital management for '15. And that is going to depend on our capital flexibility at the time, what did we -- and combined with how we see the environment going forward. Right now, we have plenty of firepower and flexibility, and we didn't need to continue to increase that. So there is plenty to do exactly -- to execute strategy exactly the way we have been. Anything surplus that we generate, we can afford in '14 to return that. All things being equal, if something -- if we find a great growth opportunity that uses capital that would be our preferred way to use it. The secondary option is when we can't put it to work, then we will return to shareholders.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. So just to clarify on that point, Evan, you're not -- what you're saying is that the $1.5 billion authorization for this year, that's a decision based on the expected capital generation, but you're also leaving the door open for that to continue. You're not saying, that this is a onetime deal?
Evan G. Greenberg: That's exactly correct.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wanted to just pursue the last -- what Jay was just talking about -- on the capital deployment side. I think that the way all of us are modeling ACE or many of us are modeling ACE, we are unable to model for M&A. So therefore, there's this future growth optionality in your company where we're not modeling it appropriately in the out years. And so what I feel like we should be doing is we actually should be dropping -- we should continue the buyback in perpetuity. Because that's the only -- what you've effectively done in the fourth quarter is you've said we have enough excess capital to do what we want to do. And again, all else being equal, in other words, static world, which we know won't be, the only way to model a company appropriately is to continue to take the excess and put it through buyback. Is my philosophy meshing with yours? And that still leaves the ability to M&A. And if you do M&A, then we pull in the buyback in whatever year.
Evan G. Greenberg: Greg, we have to each leave in our own hell. So you have to do what you think as you're going to model the company and we have to do we think. I can't answer that question for you of how you should imagine the future beyond that. The only thing I can tell you is buybacks are not our first choice. Our first choice is to grow book value through growing the company and deploying. And if in fact we find the surplus, we use the surplus capital or a portion of the surplus capital, we will likely generate that back, retain that, an amount to come back to where we are. And if we find opportunities, which we're always on the hunt for organically or through acquisition to deploy that capital at a rate of return favorable to shareholders, we will do that as opposed to a buyback. And yes, you can't see it. We can't project the unknowable. But you're right, the world is not static. And it's dynamic, and it's just a matter of timing, generally. Got to be patient if you're not going make a mistake.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Great. It's just the change in philosophy was the news in the quarter. And again, you've now said, I feel like you've said to the world, we have plenty and we're going to give back the excess from....
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, to the extent we used the plenty then there you go.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last, on capital deployment as well. How did you get the 30% as the right payout ratio for the dividend? Why not 20%? Why not 40%? How did you set that level?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, we studied, and we studied an awful lot of -- we over-obsess around here. We studied -- what our payout ratios of companies and they vary between 30% and 70% on average depending on whether you're a growth company or you're a value company, based on whether you're a balance sheet company or you're more of a cash flow company. And so based on the study of that, we figured it is -- what we arrived at, it's 30%, was a good balance between a good payout ratio and dividend to shareholders, while at the same time, we're in a risk business, flexibility so that we feel that, that dividend rate is protected, even in down years, if you have bad loss-making years, because you want your dividend to be steady and not hurting our optionality for growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vinay -- Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the future margins. And I know you answered Jay a little while back. But you guys did a good job, last year -- that's in '13 of increasing margins quite significantly by lowering the expense ratio and through business mix. Should we expect some of those elements to also play out in '14?
Evan G. Greenberg: We continue to strive to improve the efficiency of the company. So I'm not going to give you a point estimate, but what I'm going to tell you is that thematically, on one hand, we strive to improve and grow expenses at a rate slower than we grow revenue. On the other side, we continue to invest in the company. And finally, we write -- it depends on mix of businesses, we write businesses that will have a higher expense ratio and a lower loss ratio that have very favorable underwriting margins. And we have a mix of those, some have good margins and there are higher loss ratio, lower expense, and as I said the other way around. So it's going to depend on how that comes out. I'm not going to thematically, though, give you a -- the "expense ratio is going to continue to drop in '14" answer.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A follow-up to growth. I mean, your growth is very, very strong this -- last year. Now that the market's getting just a tad more competitive, especially in the U.S., should we expect the gross -- top line growth to slow in '14 versus '13?
Evan G. Greenberg: Vinay, we are not guiding revenue growth numbers for next year. It's not happening. The only thing I will say, that I did say, ACE has grown, has outpaced the industry in growth rate, both on a global basis and in the U.S. by itself. I expect that ACE in '14 will continue to outpace the industry's growth rate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You had 2 years in a row of unfortunate experience compared to history in the crop business. Can you help me think about normalize premium volumes for the second half of 2014? Not really looking for guidance, but of course, there are so many adjustments in the last 2 years, I could use a little help there.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, no, not really. What I'll tell you is this, premium for the year is -- really is dependent an awful lot on what commodity prices are. Our exposures are pretty steady. They've grown a little bit. I don't expect dramatic growth, meaningful growth, in exposure. So what will affect premium growth is primarily -- or premium levels, primarily commodity prices. Right now, commodity prices for when you would price insurance contracts at the moment are lower than they were in '13 when we priced. And so all things being equal, that would bring premiums down. I would not confuse that with underwriting income abilities. That would be number one. Number two, what you look at in the second half of the year, in particular, in the fourth quarter, is premium adjustments that have to do a lot with the loss or gain sharing with the government based on how each individual state and crops loss experience comes out. And that is very state-specific, very crop-specific, it's experience driven. And so there is no way I can speculate on how you should imagine that for the future, except to tell you the way I imagine it is I would think about commodity prices for premium, on one hand. And when I think about underwriting, I think about a long-term historic average because we don't use 1 or 2 years, though the most recent years go into the average as we compute on what we think would be next year's combined ratio. And on that basis, it's roughly, it's in the same range as we imagined when we entered '13. I think that's more than you asked me.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. It makes sense, which we saw high seed in 3Q and a low seed in 4Q this past year, and the year before we saw a low seed in 3Q and a high seed in 4Q.
Evan G. Greenberg: You just got it backwards, but that's okay.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You’re not understanding my point. I'm just trying to understand how that tend to imports [ph].
Evan G. Greenberg: We'll take it -- now you're just down to worksheet, that we'll take offline. Phil -- you can call Phil and he'll talk to you about that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions here for you. And the first one, I'm just curious, could you give us your thoughts on kind of the economic environment, Latin America, and what could that potentially impact. Could you think that potentially have on your A&H business and personalized business down there?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. The theme of Latin America right now that I see is about the same as we had in '13, maybe a little better. It's very country dependent, country-specific. And what I mean by that is, I expect Mexico's economic growth to actually improve in '14 versus '13. It will be in that 3.4% to 3.5% range is what's projected, whereas '13 was much more tepid. Colombian's growth rate will continue reasonably well. I don't see a lot of change there. Chile and Peru will do reasonably well. So the Andean and Mexico, I think, reasonably stable. I don't see economic activity impacting our business versus '13, better or worse, except may be in Mexico where I expect it to be better. On the other side of the coin, Brazil is underperforming. Yes, it's got a current account deficit, as do a number of large emerging market countries. It has failed to implement reforms that would stimulate growth in the country. It is more protectionist. We experienced this throughout '13. And I expect that to continue in '14. And I don't see a lot of change at this moment maybe on the margin to our growth rates in Brazil in '14 versus '13.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just one other -- just quick question on the agriculture business, any thoughts on the impact of the farm bill?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the farm bill actually -- remember something about agriculture insurance that I just want you to keep in mind. It doesn't rely on the farm bill for authorization. It's a simple, it's a separate, permanent law. It didn't need to be reauthorized. However, what the farm bill did do is, it eliminated direct subsidies to farmers, roughly, I think it's about $5 billion. And it actually puts more reliance on crop insurance as the centerpiece of government support to the agriculture industry. They actually strengthened crop insurance on offerings in areas in the bill.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So that could be somewhat of an offset to the lower commodity prices?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I don't expect to see that, no. And listen, but the reason that, for all of you, the reason that we break out crop when we show you revenue growth from the balance of our business is the balance of our business, you're using revenue growth as a proxy for exposure growth, growth of the company and market share in areas around the world and its presence. And crop is different than all that. We have a steady market share. We have a steady exposure to the business. And it's commodity prices that fundamentally are the biggest driver of increase or decrease to revenue. And by the way, it's a head fake if you're using that to try to determine what the underwriting profit will be on the business. It's not. So in many ways, not in all ways, but in many ways, premium revenue growth in crop is just a -- it's just a head fake, growth or decrease.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Thomas Mitchell with Miller Tabak.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. The first is, the area of man-made catastrophes, whether it's something like credit cards being hacked. Or let's say Amazon starts using drones to make deliveries and they crash into gas terminals or something. In the sense of technology-driven, man-made catastrophes, is this an area that becomes a specialty for an underwriter in that, the customer who will actually -- is either now paying for or it seems likely to be paying for in another 2 years or so?
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, Tom, the way you couched it, you sound like a Luddite. But look, to answer your question directly, yes, the answer is yes. I don't know about your 2-year timeframe. And in fact, people are buying today, cyber risk insurance is growing. Society continues to evolve. Science, law, regulation, all drives -- and other factors all drive exposure changes to society. And exposure growth in new areas exposes clients to potential loss. And for insurance to remain relevant, you have to be able to offer protection in areas where exposure is growing. And good underwriters are constantly innovating. You can't do it in a mindless way though. We have limitations to begin with our balance sheet, you can only take exposure to the extent of your balance sheet. And then you can only take exposure to the extent you actually understand the risk that is creating the exposure. And you can structure it and you can price it, and then you can transfer it. And, so that's a process. For thoughtful underwriters, that's a process, and it evolves over time just as these exposures do. And sure, we're looking at all those, maybe with the exception of we're not looking to drone delivery at the moment. But stand by, I think it's terrific. We'll be delivering our home owners policies to high net worth customers that way in the future. Your drone will be there.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: The other question I have is that it seems like, in that maybe just the sort of tone, that the Asian Life insurance business is adequate. But it would seem that being a higher growth area of the world in terms of GDP and the possibilities that we should be seeing -- increasing populations of people who have more reason to be covered by life insurance. Is 15% to 20% really as much as we should be looking for, or it should have be closer to something like 25%?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, first of all, I'm not going to guide the future. But what I'm going to tell you is it grew overall our international Life business, which included Asia, grew at 18.5%. And I characterize that as reasonably good growth. My colleagues know that to get a -- to take off the qualifier reasonable, I obviously expected something a little different. The Asia business, in that 18.5%, grew at a faster rate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ian Gutterman [ph] with Bank of America.
Unknown Analyst: First, Phil, on the investment income run rate of $540 million, that was up I think from the $525 million last quarter. I just -- curious what drove the change? I guess, I would've thought the buyback thing -- they might have brought it down a little bit.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, it is new money. And we're seeing, as I said, our mortgages are persisting, the prepayments in the mortgages are extending the duration, and they have a higher yield than new money rates. And in general, we've had a slight uptick in interest rates. So those 3 things together are making us believe $540 million is the right run rate.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then, I had some different questions on crop. Evan, I was a little surprised, you said the reinsurance purchase would be similar to last year. Just given your comments last quarter that the lower prices for corn means there's essentially less risk this year versus last year because it's starting at a lower point. I would've thought that would've opened up the opportunity to opportunistically cut back your quota share and keep more that for yourself if you think there's less price risk in this year's crop?
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, Ian, we don't speculate. We don't use reinsurance to speculate. We make rational risk appetite decisions versus the terms we're offered for reinsurance. And that's as far as I'm really going to go on that. But it's rational and I wouldn't be surprised on a risk reward basis. It's my answer.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then -- can you -- is the winter wheat a meaningful portion of your crop book, and any concerns about the harsh weather?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, it's not a meaningful portion. And about the harsh weather, I think Brian Dowd will give you the most eloquent answer on that.
Brian E. Dowd: I think it's too early to really make any view on what -- how winter wheat will turnout. What we know is most of the crop got planted timely. It emerged and is now dormant, right? So there is certainly areas where we would like it to be able to moister than it is right now. But you're at the stage where winter wheat is essentially dormant and the next few months will determine what the ultimate yields look like, but most of the crop got planted in a timely fashion.
Unknown Analyst: Got it, great. And then, I think my last one since we're getting late is, Evan, any thoughts on Turkey and just -- or maybe just a quick refresher, I know, when these things happen people worry about the local risk. May be a refresher on what exactly you do in political risk in places like Turkey? And I can't remember, if Argentina is meaningful or not but why we shouldn't hopefully have to worry too much about that?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm not worried in Turkey about confiscation or ex-appropriation or nationalization of foreign businesses. That is hardly the history of Turkey. Turkey is a country of laws, of a market-based economy, of relative political stability. They have recently strong institutions. And when it comes to currency exposure, which would be the other, that would be about where you can't exchange the currency, where in fact it is not available to be exchanged. And if we have any exposure to currency inconvertibility, which is what they call the coverage, I mean, it always has long deductible waiting periods on it, 6 months, 3 months, 1 year. And so no, I do not have concerns when it comes to political risk. I'm always vigilant. But I don't have concerns. And remember, we don't write general bond issues or any of that, that's what we are ensuring.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Two quick ones if I can. One, can you walk us through the negative expense ratio in North American agriculture?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's due to profit and loss sharing with the government is, in essence, how we're still -- if you want to talk for a moment about it. But we can take you offline on a worksheet of -- and give you a little more tutorial of how it works.
Philip V. Bancroft: All I have is that -- to your point, it's just a true-up of the full year has been a profit permission commission cost for the results of the year.
Evan G. Greenberg: And it comes through the expense line when the government makes us whole, both for our -- we don't make money on the operating expense. They make us -- they don't even make us whole, but they pay a large portion of the OpEx, and that comes through in a reimbursement to us; because other than that, we collect a peer rate, just for losses. And then you got the true-up of profit and loss.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I'll follow-up for, I guess, the worksheet issue. Second question, I don't want to overread into what you're saying. But if loss cost inflation remained basically stable, then the only reason that the favorable development was focused on short-tail lines is simply because the reserve review for longer-tail lines wasn't done in 4Q?
Evan G. Greenberg: Correct.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, what was that?
Evan G. Greenberg: I said correct.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. What is the timing for that? Is that something that you disclosed?
Evan G. Greenberg: We do them all during the year. They -- we don't give a schedule of any of that. It depends on the division. North America does some of it throughout the year, but more predominately in the second and third quarter, and they do some in the first. And then AOG has different timing depending on line of business, and Global Re has different timing depending on line of business.
Philip V. Bancroft: I think an important thing to note is that we are consistent every year in what we do in what quarter.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, our studies -- we study -- they -- it's been with of our actuaries and timing the data and all of that. And we have the same schedule every year.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions, I guess for Phil. The first is, Phil, you suggested there was some discrete tax benefit at the operating level?
Evan G. Greenberg: I think, you can talk to this, Phil.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, we had about $15 million of onetime benefits, $10 million of it was in the Life division and the rest was in P&C.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then secondly, if you could just describe the out of period adjustment on the Life reinsurance business, what exactly that related do?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we've found a mistake in the way our third party market valuation model that we used to set up our liability, if you will, for the VA mark. And it was just misusing the rate -- interest rate inputs that we put into the model. Of course, the higher fair value liability was necessary and we took the adjustment on the fourth quarter.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Did that cause you to reflect on other valuation models that you use? Or is it this kind of a onetime thing?
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, it is a onetime thing. Although we have a program in place to evaluate both third party and internally developed models throughout the company.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg: And Jay, what's clear is any time, we find something like that, then we also reflect on whether our controls in place to assess and look at mistakes that could have been made. And see if that -- we learn from that is that something we should know that would cause us to tighten our procedures, to adjust them, et cetera. So we reflect that way on it.
Helen Wilson: We have time for just one more person to ask question please.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just had a thought or question, Evan, about conceptually growth in emerging markets and probably more so in Mexico and Latin America. What do you think is more important for your growth potential? Would it be exposure growth with GDP or insurance penetration in these markets?
Evan G. Greenberg: I would tell you that it is in fact both. And that's how I actually think about exposure growth. GDP growth increases exposure, because let's talk about what creates GDP growth. If it's business activity, that is more businesses growing, and it's more businesses as a cohort, and it is more business growth of the existing businesses; that increases exposure and that increases availability of insurance exposure, number one. Number two, economic activity increases wealth, generally, among a broad segment of the population, more poor emerge to the middle-class, more middle-class move up the ladder, contrary to some of the speaking that I listen to among politicians. And that creates exposure growth. So automobiles in Mexico, they manufacture more autos and they sell more autos. Well, that's economic growth. And guess what, who's buying those autos? That's because the emerging middle-class is growing, and they're buying a car. And so that increases more opportunity for insurance. More growth of business, more trade and goods and services, more marine, more casualty, more companies raising capital, more public markets. Therefore, more D&O, more people visiting doctors, more lawyers active because of more rule of law, because the more economy that grows, the more people want certainty of property rights, and E&O grows. And so there you go. And by the way, they've all got to house themselves either for commercial activity or for residential means, and so construction. And then if you are a heads-up government, you're creating more infrastructure, less regulation to support all that. And you get real economic growth. Somebody tell that to Washington.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So outside where we might think about growth potential in a mature market as GDP being a metric. This coupled with GDP and then exposure, so, I mean, is it a 2x GDP when you incorporate penetration.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't know how you mathematically do that. It really varies by country. But what is true is as economic -- as economies grow and they emerge and move up the scale, insurance penetration increases. So you get both.
Helen Wilson: Thank you for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, have a good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer John W. Keogh - Former Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P. J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited September 30, 2013, Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to company and investment performance, guidance, pricing and insurance market conditions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live, and a webcast replay will be available for 1 month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, ACE had another record quarter. Our earnings were driven by exceptional underwriting results and very strong premium revenue growth globally in our P&C and A&H lines of business. We delivered strong returns for shareholders. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $857 million, up nearly 25% or $2.49 per share, both records for the company. Our operating return on equity was 13% for the quarter, while per share book value increased about 3.5%. Our underwriting results in the quarter were simply excellent. We produced $558 million of total P&C underwriting income, up 67%, and our P&C combined ratio was 86.5%. We benefited, of course, from a quarter with relatively light cats versus what we planned. The losses were modestly higher than last year. It's interesting to observe that if you back out the income, we earned, because cat losses were lower than planned, our after-tax operating income was $2.21 per share. We aren't relying upon low cats to produce low results. Our business is broad based, healthy. Said another way, our current accident year underwriting was a substantial contributor to our overall results in the quarter. Current accident year underwriting income, excluding cats, was up about 180% over prior year with a combined ratio of 89.8%. This was over 6.5 points better than the third quarter last year, which was impacted significantly by drought losses in our crop insurance business. The current accident year results also reflect the growth globally in our P&C and A&H businesses as well as continued margin improvement in North America as a result of better pricing and mix of business and margin improvement internationally as a result of product and geographic mix. Turning to premium growth. Global P&C net premiums in the quarter grew 9%. Global P&C is a term we are introducing for ACE that includes North American P&C, excluding agriculture, Overseas General and Global Reinsurance. Crop insurance is a distinct business, where revenue is much more affected by such things as commodity prices and how we share premium and loss with the government. And this can be volatile from period to period and have nothing to do with the underlying health of the business. In the quarter, foreign exchange was a factor and impacted Global P&C net premiums by 1.7 points. On a constant dollar basis, Global P&C net premiums grew over 10.5% with growth coming broadly from all regions of the world: North America, Asia, Latin America and Europe. In North America, retail, commercial and specialty P&C net premiums were up over 9%, while our wholesale specialty business was up nearly 15.5%. Net premiums for our agricultural business were down, in line with our expectations. Internationally, retail commercial P&C premiums were up 10% in constant dollars. We saw growth in every territory with Latin America leading the way, up 20%. Asia PAC was up 8%, and Japan was up 11%, while both the U.K. and the continent were up 4%. In our global A&H business, net premiums were up close to 5% in the quarter in constant dollar. We had strong results in our international business, which was up 10%, led by Asia and Latin America with growth of 14% and 11%. Our global personal lines business continued its strong growth momentum in the quarter, particularly internationally where net premiums were up 90%. Again, these results reflect the contribution from our acquisitions in Mexico, without which we had growth of about 22%, quite strong. International life insurance revenues were up over 15% on a constant dollar basis with growth coming mainly from our operations in Asia. And lastly, net premiums in our Global Re business were down 2% after adjusting for a onetime large transaction from the prior year. The reinsurance market has an abundance of capacity, as we have discussed on prior calls. As with all of our businesses, underwriting discipline is more important than market share. I want to say a few words about the current market environment. Our commercial P&C business in the U.S. continued to benefit from a better pricing environment with another quarter of rate-on-rate increases. Overall, North American commercial P&C pricing was up about 3.5%. While the rate of increase for property-related pricing is flattening out, casualty-related pricing remained favorable this quarter. And let me add some color around retail versus wholesale. In our U.S. retail business, property- and casualty-related pricing were each up 3.4%. We saw good results in risk management-related lines, where pricing was up 6%. Professional lines E&O, D&O were up 4.3%. General casualty and specialty were up about 4.8%, while medical professional-related risk pricing was down 4%. Excluding one large risk management transaction we wrote last year, new business grew 6% year-on-year in U.S. retail. Our renewal retention rate, as measured by premium, was 94%, which is quite strong. On the U.S. wholesale side of our business, rates were up 3.6% overall with property up less than 1% and casualty-related lines up 6.5%. Internationally, the retail commercial P&C rate environment remains competitive but reasonably stable with rate growth essentially flat in the quarter overall. Rates internationally varied by class and by territory but were mostly up or down 1% to 3%. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. In summary, again, we had all-time record earnings. We are firing on all cylinders and continuing to achieve strong, broad-based growth despite the economic and geopolitical headwinds we are confronting in all regions of the world. We have a clear strategy and a strong ability to execute, though rest assured we are impatient with ourselves and striving for constant improvement. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we'll be back to take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. As Evan mentioned, we had an excellent quarter with record operating results. Cash flow was strong at $928 million. Cash and invested assets grew by $740 million to $61 billion. Tangible book value per share grew 3.9%, and total capital now stands at over $34 billion. Net realized and unrealized gains were $55 million pretax, which included a $47 million gain from the investment portfolio and a $43 million gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio, partially offset by $30 million of foreign exchange losses. Investment income was $522 million and was in line with our expectation. Our current book yield is 3.6%. Current new money rates are 2.9% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. We estimate the current quarterly investment income run rate will be approximately $525 million with some marginal variability up or down. Our net loss reserves were up $500 million. We had positive prior period development of $210 million pretax principally from long-tail lines and from accident years 2008 and prior. This included $60 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures from our runoff Brandywine operation. We changed our review process. We now conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our asbestos review in the fourth quarter rather than both at the same time. After-tax cat losses were $70 million, comprising $24 million from development relating to second quarter events, primarily the European and Calgary floods, and $46 million of third quarter cat losses from a range of worldwide weather events. The combined ratio in our North American agriculture segment was 92.3%. We have increased the full year loss ratio this quarter for our crop insurance business by approximately 2 points, and that revised view is reflected in the third quarter's combined ratio. While yields per acre are projected to be at or above historical averages, commodity prices, mainly for corn, have dropped substantially, and that's creating additional loss exposure. We expect a combined ratio consistent with the historical average of just below 90% for the fourth quarter of 2013. The company updated its July guidance for full year 2013 to account for a positive prior period reserve development, lower-than-planned catastrophe losses and better current accident year results, excluding catastrophe losses, in the third quarter. The range is $8.65 to $8.90 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. This includes estimated catastrophe losses of $95 million after tax for the fourth quarter of the year. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Congrats on another strong quarter. Just 2 quick questions. First of all, going back to the comment on pricing on the international side, I think you said rates are sort of up or down in the 1% to 3% range. Could you just sort of expand on that comment? I recall you mentioned that even in the past quarter. Is it more for loss cost issue? Or is it the competitive players?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's -- the 1% to 3% is a -- is really competitive environment. Frankly, there are plenty of lines and plenty of territories that we think could use more rate. And if rates were higher in some of those areas, we'd write more business. So we're discriminating between rate -- between class of business and territory. And as we do portfolio management between cohorts within that where we find rate adequacy, we'll write the business. But other than that, we're walking away from plenty of business. And by the way, that 1% to 3% is the rate that we observe on our book of business. We're walking away from business where there is just substantially more rate differential than that. And if you want, for just a moment, let me ask John Keogh to add a little color around that.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes.
John W. Keogh: Sure. I mean, what I'd maybe give you is a sense of how that would look around the world because, obviously, different markets are behaving differently at any point in time. And I think I said last quarter the one place outside of North America where we are seeing some rate improvement is the U.K. market. And I think there, I think with the low interest rate environment, you are seeing some discipline, particularly in casualty lines to push rates up. On the continent, it's pretty stable. It has been for a number of quarters in terms of the rate environment there. Where we're seeing the most pressure and the most competition would be Latin America and Asia in general, particularly in property in Asia. But I would note that as property rates are soft in Asia, that's after several quarters of significant rate increases following the catastrophes that took place out there the last couple of years. So there, you've seen prices start to come off after some quarters of rate increases.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. That's helpful. The only other question I have is sort of a broader discussion on the acquisition pipeline. If you thought of -- Evan, this is for you. In terms of the pool of acquisition opportunities that you feel would meet your return targets, I guess, within the -- in 1 to 3 years, what region would be more likely more attractive going forward from here?
Evan G. Greenberg: It really isn't a region specific. It's -- it really is a target specific, a company specific where you're looking at that. I don't notice a trend by region or by country.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Okay. Because the reason I was asking is I think someone recently mentioned the Scandinavian countries, and I don't know if you had a view on that or not.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the -- we have a business in Scandinavia that is doing quite well. The Scandinavian market is a -- overall is a reasonably closed market. It's -- it has -- it's not overly big, and it is kind of off by itself. And it has a few large competitors who do quite well in the marketplace. It's not an overly dynamic market. And so it's not like you're going to find a lot of opportunity roaming around in Scandinavia.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. Okay.
Evan G. Greenberg: But -- I mean, it's not like you're going hunting in Scandinavia.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes, I've never gone hunting there. I never [indiscernible].
Evan G. Greenberg: It's very company specific. It's very company specific.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Zaremski of Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess another question on pricing. Property pricing levels sound like they continued to moderate. Should we expect the same from casualty lines given that investment yields are up from their lows? And if I look at industry-wide casualty-related loss ratios, they don't look too bad. And maybe we can also get some commentary on the reinsurance rate outlook.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. The -- your comment on interest rate, before Congress -- all the congressional antics shutting down the government, may have been more applicable. But as you know, a lot of the improvement in interest rate given back the last 2 months. And interest rate levels, when you got a 10-year treasury bouncing around the 2.5% mark, I think you can hardly call that robust. So our reinvestment rates, about 2.9% on our distribution versus portfolio rate of 3.5%, and that's pretty -- I say that about ACE because that's pretty reflective of the industry. So hardly our interest rate supporting right now income statement substantially. The casualty rate environment -- casualty rates, in my judgment, in many classes, are still not adequate to produce a decent ROE on the business. When you look at combined ratios and you translate it to an ROE, they're not decent enough. And at the same time, trying to project loss cost trends and believe that the past, the recent past, is an indication of the future, for ACE we don't believe that's a prudent way to view the business. So all that together says to me if you're a responsible underwriter, you're going to continue pressing for rate because on an overall basis, portfolio needs it. Now that's not every class. That's not very every cohort within a class. And the better your underwriting insight and ability to portfolio-underwrite, the more advantage you can take of the current rate environment as rates are rising. So in short, I don't expect casualty rates to follow property at this moment. I don't see it in the trades I observe. And secondly, even with that said, as you can see, ACE is growing well within many lines, and I think that's because we can find more opportunity within the current environment.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Lastly, for Phil, quick numbers question. The cat load guidance for the rest of the year, $95 million, is that a full quarter fourth quarter? Or is that reflective of experience through this time in October?
Philip V. Bancroft: It's the fourth quarter, it's the full fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just, I guess, in North America, Evan, what are the competitive dynamics or, I mean, the strategy you're employing that has led to the recent run of growth? I mean, is one particular class of business much more attractive than it has been in the past? Or is it more of a broad-based experience?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's very broad based. It is among -- we write -- the way we think about things, we write almost 200 lines of business. We subclass our business and respect each individually and really focus on it. And we're seeing growth across a broad array of casualty and physical lines-related business. And at the same time, we're -- it's years and years of practicing it. We are -- our marketing sales strategies, and I distinguish the 2, are so focused on different cohorts of the business population, from very large accounts, we call risk management, to upper middle market to the middle market to the lower end of middle market to micro, and whether it is ACE USA, whether it is what we call commercial risk, a separate division of the company to focus on the middle and lower middle market, whether it is the Westchester that focuses on middle or upper middle, you take portfolio management and the insight that we continue to work on to gain on each line of business, you focus that line of business on different customer cohorts, both by size, as I was just explaining, and, within that, the occupancies or the classes we like, and then you spread that on a sales strategy across geography, because you've got to dig deep within each geographic zone, and that's the -- we know our minds, and we have a clarity about it. And we think we're generally right, and that's what's some -- that's what's producing that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. I guess -- and follow-up on that, I mean, it was sort of been near double-digit growth in North America P&C here for the better part of the year. And I think including this quarter, although I'm not sure you said that explicitly, but rate in excess of loss trend. The underlying loss ratio looks like it's about flat. I don't know if there's some noise in there on a -- from a comparability perspective, but, obviously, margins are great as a starting point. But when should that rate in excess of loss trend, combined with premium growth, start to roll through?
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So last year, we had about 0.5 point worth of benefit in loss ratio that didn't repeat this year. On a normalized basis, it's probably about 0.5 point better, number one. Number two, you've heard my comment about loss trend, that sure, maybe on an observable basis, if you're looking at the past, you could say rate is exceeding loss cost trend. But that's not how we think about it. We look at more historical loss cost. And casualty, the decisions you make stick with you for a very long time. And we're not optimists, and we're unwilling to believe that a more benign loss cost trend of recent past is what we'll endure forever into the future. Sure, as you book your loss ratio, you might say the first 2 or 3 years of the paid pattern is going to be at the current trend. But after that, if you're prudent at all, you're going to revert to the mean in the loss cost trend you're picking.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the last quick one...
Evan G. Greenberg: And in the future -- if in the future, your -- that proves to be conservative, then that will show up in your reserves and in your reserves studies. And that becomes prior period.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood.
Evan G. Greenberg: Who cares whether it was current or prior? Just run your company conservatively.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Great. Last one. Do you hedge commodity prices? You mentioned the commodity price change since probably February. On the crop side, is that a disclosure that ACE hedges?
Evan G. Greenberg: That's a good question. Modestly. We hedge very modestly. Remember, we take a longer-dated commodity risk exposure, in essence, from March, because that's when the dance begins, until the end of October is kind of the commodity price exposure for us because that's when the government ultimately prices for loss, takes in on -- an October average. So we do a little hedging, but modestly. We do buy reinsurance, as you know.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So you'll be able to push some of that loss on to the reinsurers then?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you say loss. Let's be careful about that statement. We historically run the book -- it's historically run below a 90 combined. What we're saying is because of commodity prices and what we see, we're raising it to a 92 combined. That's not a loss, that's an 8-point underwriting gain. I mean, that's still a very, very good result, but a more conservative result and a little less than the -- than it has historically run in the average. So we're not foisting a loss onto reinsurers.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. Lesser than normal, I understand.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Evan, the 12% to 13% return on equity profile that ACE is generating currently, how would you put that in perspective relative to where we are in the cycle?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, our objective is to achieve a 15% over the cycle. We're running 12% and change for the quarter -- for the year and around 12.5%. Interest rate, I think we've said before that something like every 100 basis points of interest rates has a 2-point impact on ROE. So we're below what we would say is our objective over a cycle. Interest rates won't remain where they are forever. And our portfolio mix of business and our geographic spread and how we see our strategy to continue to build competitive advantage, I am a firm believer in the 15% over a cycle.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And your acquisition strategy will help drive it there?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the acquisition strategy is simply to complement what we're doing organically. And while we have our eyes open for opportunity and we're vigilant and we're constantly looking, what we can believe and what we look at, fundamentally, is what we can deliver organically because that's what's in our hands with both what we've built and what we've integrated into the company through acquisition. Acquisition is a part but not all. But remember, we showed a number, I think, last year. And don't hold me to it exactly, but that -- roughly, if you looked back on the last 7 years, 75% of the value we created or more came organically. The balance came through acquisition.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On a separate topic, there's a move by FASB to meaningfully change the financial accounting standards for property, casualty and life insurers, and it seems that, that could cause a meaningful dislocation. So I was wondering if ACE could provide their view on that issue.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, we're in -- we're -- and I'm going to ask Phil to embellish on this, but we're in the -- we're very active in discussion with FASB. It's -- for me, accounting should truly mirror economic reality, and any improvement to what we have today ought to create better clarity and help to make things, the financials, more insightful for investors and investors to make decisions because it mirrors an economic reality. It's so interesting to me that the number we use and that our investors use and that we all find meaningful is operating income because it's non-GAAP measure, though it best mirrors what we think is the true picture. That says something about accounting. And when I look at the changes that FASB is suggesting right now, I get the theoretical. But that is divorced from practical reality and what investors really use to judge and what management really uses to judge one company to another or the health of a company. And the insurance accounting, as it stands today, has been around a long time, and it's been tested through all kinds of environments and it's reasonable. And I don't know what kind of problem we're trying to chase here by making changes. And the notion of it, well, is driven by convergence with IASB. Well, IASB has no insurance accounting standard right now. So I would suggest to them that they adopt what has been tried and tested, and that is U.S. insurance accounting. And finally, what I'd say is the notion of fair-valuing all, and that, that somehow is the best indicator of value, particularly for a buy-and-hold company and also the notion of introducing more volatility, because you're going to try to predict long-term cash flows on businesses that are currently not stable, in my mind, is imprudent. And I don't know whose benefit you're ultimately serving except a bunch of academics. Phil, do you want to add anything to that?
Philip V. Bancroft: I don't know if I can add anything to that. I would say, though, that we're working act -- I'm working actively with my peers in other companies to meet with both the SEC and the FASB to express that view that Evan just talked about. And we're also working to have our investors understand the issues so that they can voice their opinion as well. So we all felt very strongly about it here.
Evan G. Greenberg: And you can tell, I do feel a little passionate about it.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just maybe one last time as we talk about guidance at ACE, and I'm certainly not going to miss it. But can you sort of educate us, how are you going to talk about guidance going forward? Are you going to give none? Are you going to give some, but not the overall EPS? What are you going to do when the fourth quarter is reported?
Evan G. Greenberg: Boy, I don't want this to turn into a headline across Bloomberg, but I know it will. We're just going to end up trading one hell for another. We're not -- we intend that we are not going to provide guidance, period, that you will do your work you know enough and we will report. At this moment in time, where we are is we will not provide guidance, period. As we have said, we might give elements like our investment income run rate and those things that might be helpful but, I mean, that's where we are.
Operator: We'll go next to Vinay Misquith of Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the crop insurance business. Just curious what were the sessions to the federal government at this quarter. And looking at the premiums for the year, that's about $1.4 billion. If crop prices stay at these levels, what do you estimate you're going to have sort of the next years in premium, do you think it's going to be lower?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, the premium -- yes, if the -- to answer it simply, the premium would be lower. But the premium, I think, is the -- frankly, for all the businesses that we engage in, I think the premium is the least effective means of determining the health of the business when it comes to crop insurance. Because you're -- it doesn't really -- it's not indicative of ultimate profit and loss of the business and even quantum, necessarily, of profit, the way it works. Your premium moves around from period to period, not just based on commodity prices, but how you share risk, something called the SSAP, which we're really not going to get into today. But that is the area that governs the calculation between the government and the insurer of how you share premium because of loss experience. And last year, ironically, premium goes up in the third quarter substantially because we're going to have more loss. On the other side of the coin, we're going to see a better premium growth versus last year at this time in the fourth quarter because of the same anomalies around a drought environment. It just is not indicative period to period. So yes, to answer your question, if commodity prices stay where they are, you'll price off of that in March. It doesn't -- it -- and premiums will be lower. But when we think about underwriting profit, they really don't line up exactly.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That is helpful, though. Okay, so I thought -- well, because in simple math I thought is that you target, say, maybe a steady below 90 combined ratios, so say that you target an 89 combined. And so if the top line is down 5%, I would think that the bottom line will also be down 5%, but maybe I'm being too simplistic about it.
Evan G. Greenberg: You're being too linear in how you think about that. And understand, it's over -- that 89 is over a period of time. You can be worse 1 year, better another year. And also remember, if you start commodity price, when you price a contract at a lower-than-historic average, you actually have reduced exposure to yourself to some degree. You have less exposure to falling commodity price. Now you still have the exposure, but less so. You start at $5 corn versus $4 corn, well, your exposure just changed, too. So all that has to go into how you think about this.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure, fair enough. The second question was on growth. You've grown a lot in North America, and probably Europe was hurt by a slow economy. So do you expect growth to reaccelerate in Europe and maybe to slow down a bit in North America as pricing slows down here?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Vinay, first of all, exposure growth -- we had exposure growth in the quarter which comes from economic activity of a couple of points. I do expect that Europe will slowly pick up. I don't think we're going to feel Europe much different next year than this year. The difference between 0.5 point down economically and 0.5 up isn't much. And then what I'd tell you is the U.S. economy, if it grew through the second quarter, was projected to grow for the year roughly 1.8%. Remember, that sequester scrubbed about 1 point or more off of that. And so next year, you ought to see the U.S. economy, on an absolute sort of apples-to-apples basis, grow closer to the 2.5%, somewhere between 2.5% to 3%, depending on what our colleagues in Washington do, whether they help it, hurt it or at least do us a favor and be neutral. And so I don't expect that much of a difference. I do think that the pricing environment is ameliorating, is moderating. Property is flattening out. You're not getting -- casualty, you're getting rate-on-rate, but the rate is not accelerating, it's leveled out. And so you do have to take that into consideration when you look forward into growth rate. We've had good growth, and I expect that we'll continue to have reasonable.
Operator: We'll go next to Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I have a -- my first question is sort of a big picture which is that for many, many years, casualty lines underwriters were able to plug in interest rate factors, yields on the cash received and not pay it out for a number of years that were 2x or 3x or even more what they are now. In the process of underwriting and sort of looking out with the potential that interest rates may move up by another 1.5 or 2 points or more over the next 2 or 3 years, how would you anticipate, if you would, changing your own underwriting approach to take that into account? And then secondly, how would you anticipate the rest of the industry responding to that kind of change?
Evan G. Greenberg: I'll answer your question very simply. It's not a long answer. We don't cash flow underwrite here, so we don't consider interest rates and the investment income we make. We consider only to make an underwriting profit, flat and simple. So there's really nothing more for me to say about that. And how the balance of the industry will react, good underwriters will do the same. Mediocre underwriters will think differently, and they will double down on risk. Oh, you can project the loss cost, and at the same time, you can project interest rates?
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Very good answer, I like that. Now the second thing I had in mind, and if this gets too complicated, you can put me off-line. But your retention in the third quarter in the crop line was about 55% this year. It was about 80% last year. Is that something that you decide or is it in that complicated formula?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's in that complicated formula. It strictly has to do with how we share loss with the government. And just very simply, when you're going to have a loss year as you do, the -- you're in the sharing how it is between government and private sector, it flows through the premium line. So we got additional premium because we were paying additional loss.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions here. First, you gave us what the acquisition in Mexico did for the global personal lines business. Wonder if you can give us what was the benefit in the overseas segment, not only from a premium perspective, but how they're looking from a profitably standpoint? Do they add to the profitability to the company this quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Overseas Gen, on a constant dollar basis, grew 17%. Excluding the acquisitions, it grew 7%. They did contribute to the growth. The underwriting, these aren't huge businesses. They're good-sized businesses, and we made an underwriting profit in both companies, and that's reflected in there. It's not huge part of it, but everybody contributes. These acquisitions are on target or ahead, very early days, but on target or ahead. We are really pleased with what we see and how it's working. And there is more value than we originally imagined, and my colleagues are more confident and more enthusiastic about it today than we were at the time we actually made the acquisitions.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then my second question is combined insurance in the U.S.. Can you kindly give us an update of what's going on there? And also, with respect to combined insurance, what do you think the kind of challenges and opportunities that the Affordable Care Act actually brings to that business?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, sure. So let me dissect this a little bit for you. Combined was down in the quarter, and I'm going to take North America, because I think that's the main action of combined and that's the size and scale of combined, most of the business is there. It was at down about 3.4%. Last year, we had a one-time benefit of about $12 million. You take that out, and I'm going to talk a little more about that. The core of combined was up 1% in the quarter. That's the agency business of combined. Our agent count in North America, I'm feeling -- I am feeling good about combined. I'm not feeling good about it's published. I'm feeling good about what I see is the underlying health. It really is building, and I'm going to explain it like this. The agent count is up 40% in North America to about 25 agents. The annualized new premium, somebody buys a policy, they pay their premium over time in the year. You don't -- they don't pay it all at once on these customers. The annualized new premium is up 40% over prior year. It does take time to show in the booked premium because the quantum of that new premium has to grow to a size that it overcomes the normal lapse rate you would see on the renewal book that is large. But overall, you're now seeing the core growing at 1%. The one-time benefit we had last year of $12 million, what we also have this year is they have a modest small book of university health insurance business, and that business we're getting -- is coming off the books. It made really no profit. It's competitive and the Affordable Care Act hardly made it interesting. And so we're just shedding that and that is having noise on combined revenue growth, plus the U.K. that's shrinking, as we've talked about, has that impact. But I see the power of combined building, and I am confident that that is going to -- that is going to just -- that is going to show itself, and I feel good about the fundamentals of it. The product we're selling, finally, to answer that, it really doesn't run up against the Affordable Care Act. It's more about loss of time insurance for people who work for employers who don't have lost time benefits for employees and that's the core of what combined sells.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Evan, can you talk a little bit about how you balance your property reinsurance by, thinking specifically, considerations of opportunistic pricing versus longer-term relationships?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, we're a very large reinsurance buyer. Counterparty credit quality is the very first consideration and that somebody is there to pay, particularly as you look and you're talking property and you're thinking probably less on a risk basis and more on a CAT basis. The further you go out on that tail, well, the bigger that event is for the industry, so I'd tell you, counterparty credit, very [indiscernible] to us. We do recognize long-term relationship. At the same time, we hardly take one for the team. We have to be equipped to compete in the marketplace. And so our cost of goods sold has to be competitive for us to be able to compete on the front end. And we balance that with relationship, and we expect that reinsurers who play it smart, we're there for the long haul. We're good underwriters. I would suppose that reinsurers, and I'm in the reinsurance business, what's more important to me than price is the seed and stability to underwrite. And the better the underwriter, usually, the sharper they are in reinsurance negotiation. On the other hand, the more likely they are to produce a book of business that is sound to the reinsurer. And ACE has a reputation as a good underwriter and as consistent and long-term and willing to do the right thing when pricing -- and in both pricing and exposure management. And I expect reinsurers to recognize that. And that, I'd build into any of our thought about long-term relationships.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if we can switch gears really quickly. You talked about how some of the longer-term interest rate increases faded, and that's obviously true. As Berchard sort of assumes a bigger role in primary specialty insurance domestically, and as they focus on equity returns instead of fixed income, do you expect that to actually meaningfully affect the overall market over the next 3 to 5 years?
Evan G. Greenberg: You know what? I don't expect one carrier to what is already a dynamic and large marketplace to have a disproportionate impact on the business. And it takes a long time to build an insurance company that could compete on a national basis, that can write lead primary layers, that can manage all kinds of size of customer and different cohorts of customer needs, both domestically and internationally, in a broad way. It's -- your best day is the day you opened. And after that, it's a -- it is a grind it out, day in and day out. And anybody entering this business, whoever you are, I wish you luck.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Cohen of Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Evan, Willis just announced their new platform in London, Willis 360, and of course, Aeon has its own platform. Can you talk about the impact that these ventures could have on the business and maybe your participation in some of these ventures?
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't know the final details of the Willis program, and so I can't comment on that specifically. But I'll make a couple of general comments. One, the -- if it involves ceding underwriting control and underwriting decision-making on a risk-by-risk basis to somebody else and you're ceding your faith, and I know how that ends, it only ends one way. It's just a matter of time. And we've seen that story plenty of times. It's just new bottle, old wine, so that's the case. Number two, I assume that it may have an impact -- somebody has to put their phone on mute, it have an impact on smaller following line players, squeeze them. Number three, I haven't noticed that there's this capacity in the marketplace. And so while I hear it's going to serve client's interests, I really wonder what that means. Number four, well, if it's an easier way of doing business, and it, therefore, is more efficient, then does the broker make more money from this? That's what I got to say.
Operator: We'll go next to Ian Gutterman of BAM.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I guess, to start out, a follow-up on the crop. Can you tell us just -- in the elevated lost share issue you're assuming now, what crop price is that assuming. Is that spot or are you assuming maybe we drift down to $4.25 to be conservative? I'm just curious, sort of, if price keeps going lower in the last few days here, if Q4 could get a little worse.
Evan G. Greenberg: Ian, I am not going to give you a -- I don't want to give you a specific point estimate number, but I'm going to answer this way to you. The way you decide the commodity price for adjusting loss, the government comes back to you with a number, and they use the October average for corn and for soybean. So it's the October average, which, as of 2 days ago, I don't watch it, was $4.41 for corn. But I don't watch it.
Philip V. Bancroft: Change to the fourth quarter.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay, does that...
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: That makes sense, sure.
Evan G. Greenberg: Are you waiting for me to say something else? I think I answered your question.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I'm sorry. Well, I -- let me try to clarify a little bit. Are you see -- at $4.41, it's right on the margin of whether we get claims or not, right? So if it moves a little bit either way...
Evan G. Greenberg: Buddy, whoa, whoa, whoa, don't say that. What was the yield versus historic yield? What's the deductible that each farmer picked? I mean, you got a whole lot of stuff that goes in here. You can't guess that because I can't.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: It's like as I'm saying -- I guess, I mean saying for an average farmer, if they had a normal yield and a 20% or 25% deductible, then they're right on the cusp, right? So you may end up having 0 claims or you may end up having a lot of claims.
Evan G. Greenberg: You'll make your own decision. That's right. Now it varies by crop, by state, and it's going to -- so you're putting a rule of thumb national average, but that's not how ultimate profit and loss gets calculated, right? It varies by farmer, it is -- and then it aggregates by state. One state might produce a worse than average or even a loss, while another state produces a bumper, and how does that play into the profit and loss and the sharing with the government, you now get into all that.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: No, fair enough. Okay, I'll move on. Overseas, General, the reserve releases in Overseas General...
Evan G. Greenberg: Buddy, I can't figure it out right now so -- with precision, so you can't.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I understand. I thought I'd try. The Overseas General reserve releases are usually elevated Q3, which as I recall is an Annual Review. I'm just kind of curious any specific lines that drove the high releases versus the first few quarters, or is that just sort of normal review process?
Evan G. Greenberg: It was normal review process. As you can imagine, it's casualty more than short-tail lines. And it's fundamentally for years '08 and prior.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it. Okay, and then my last one is...
Evan G. Greenberg: Phil is going to -- he's just going to say we'll have all the details in the 10-Q that will come out shortly.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it, I'll be patient. And then my last one, I think it was -- maybe it was Brian's question when you said you were more excited about Mexico now than when you entered into the transaction. I was hoping you could expand upon why.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, it's the franchise. It's 2 or 3 things. The quality of the people, we've spent a lot of time with them, and we have a lot of confidence in that we know them better and they're good operators, number one. Number two, the quality of the franchise is deeper with greater possibility than when we even first imagined. Number three, with that -- the power of our strategies to take what is large distribution that each one had been driving on a monoline basis. And given the power of what we bring to the table, being able to drive through that distribution on a multiline basis and cross-selling, the opportunity we see there is just more significant, and we're more optimistic. And the beauty is that optimism is flowing to us from the ground. The ACE people in Latin America, the ACE people in Mexico, our new ACE colleagues are all very clear believers and have clear focus on it. The way we're seeing execution go right now and integration go and the cultural compatibility and the back-and-forth understanding, that is gratifying to us and giving us more confidence in that. So when I add it all up, it just -- and then our ability, I'd add one more thing. Our ability to help them do what they've done well, but do it better. In flat-out automobile underwriting in Mexico, we're already seeing impact and benefit to that. The power -- we see glimpses of the power of that. So I add all that together, and that's what gives me the confidence and what's behind the statement I've made.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I apologize if you already got this, but I did notice the cash flow look like it fell at least year-over-year and I apologize I had to jump off the call but -- quickly, but could you address that at all?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, our cash flow for the quarter was $928 million as I said in my opening remarks, which is a very strong cash flow number. When you compare it to last year, the number was about $1.6 billion, but it was just a timing issue because of the crop losses last year, the payment to -- the payment of the premium -- the remittance of the premium delayed to the fourth quarter, so there's just that one anomaly. Let me make this clear. Last year's third quarter was higher, because we didn't pay the government last year until the fourth order. This year, we paid it in the third quarter so it -- this is a much more normal -- it's a much more normal quarter.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And thank you very much for the comment on the accounting. I think it's a bit of a train wreck, so I appreciate at least one management team taking a stand on what I think is an important issue.
Evan G. Greenberg: You got it, bud.
Helen Wilson: All right. Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer John J. Lupica - Chairman of Insurance for North America and President of ACE USA Sean Ringsted - Chief Actuary and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited, June 30, 2013 second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to company and investment performance, guidance, premium growth, product mix, pricing and insurance market conditions, and integration and performance of our acquisitions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live, and a webcast replay will be available for 1 month. Remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning, everyone. ACE produced record quarterly earnings that were driven by excellent underwriting and investment results. P&C premium revenue growth was particularly strong, and all divisions of the company contributed to the good financial performance. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $790 million, up 6.3% or $2.29 per share, both records for the company. Our operating return on equity was 12.3%. And in the first 6 months of the year, we've produced over $1.5 billion in after-tax operating income with an ROE that is north of 12%. Book value in the quarter declined 2.3% due to rise in interest rates, which reduced the unrealized gains in our investment portfolio. Given we are fundamentally buy-and-hold fixed-income investors, this is, in essence, an accelerated recognition of a loss that would have amortized in overtime anyway, as our bonds mature. The flip side, of course, is that our reinvestment rate has improved by about 60 basis points for a portfolio of similar distribution, and this will benefit our income over years to come. Tangible book value was additionally impacted by our 2 Mexican acquisitions which closed during the quarter. We are excited about our prospects in Mexico, and our teams are actively engaged in bringing our vision to reality. Soon, we'll have more to say about our book and tangible book value and the impact of rates on our investment portfolio. Our underwriting results in the quarter were, again, simply excellent. We produced $434 million of P&C underwriting income, up nearly 16%, with a combined ratio of 87.9%. The end of the quarter was active in terms of natural catastrophes, with the tornadoes in the U.S. and the floods in Europe and Canada. Total pre- and after-tax CAT losses this quarter were $81 million and $66 million, respectively. Though following the end of the quarter, we've had preliminary indications of additional losses that could add about $10 million pre-tax of development on these CATs, and this will show up in our third quarter results. Positive prior-period reserve development was up modestly from last year, and again, Phil will provide more details on these items. Similar to the first quarter, current accident year underwriting was a substantial contributor to our overall calendar year underwriting results. Current accident year underwriting income, excluding catastrophes, was up 21% over prior year, with a combined ratio of 89.2%. This was a 1 point -- 2 points better than the second quarter last year. In fact, on a current accident year ex-CAT basis, operating income was $2.17 per share versus $2.01 per share last year. The current accident year results reflect the excellent underlying health of our current business, including global growth in earned premium, with continued margin improvement in North America as a result of better pricing and mix of business; and margin improvement, internationally, as a result of product and geographic mix. P&C net premiums in the quarter grew over 8.5% on a constant dollar basis with the foreign exchange negatively impacting that number by 1.5 points on a published basis. Growth came broadly from all regions of the world, but with particularly strong results from North America, Asia and Latin America. In North America, retail commercial and specialty P&C net premiums were up nearly 12%, while our wholesale specialty business was up over 6%. Net premiums for our agriculture business were down, in line with our expectations, due primarily to an increase in the amount of crop reinsurance we purchased. We estimate full year crop insurance net premiums to be down about $315 million from prior year, and again, in line with our expectations. Internationally, commercial P&C premiums in ACE International, our retail business, were up 9%. We saw a growth in commercial P&C in every territory, except the continent of Europe, which was flat. Latin America lead with net premium growth of 25%, followed by the U.K. at 10%, and Asia at 6%. Premiums in our London-based excess and surplus lines business were down 4%, where competition has increased steadily in the last few quarters, particularly in property and professional lines-related businesses. In our Global A&H business, net premiums were up over 6% in the quarter in constant dollars, reflecting improved growth, as we predicted. Growth was driven by our ACE International business, which was up 11%, led by Latin America, Asia and Europe. Strong growth in our global personal lines business continued in the quarter. In the U.S., premiums in ACE Private Risk Services, our high net-worth personal lines business were up over 10%. Whereas internationally, personal lines premiums were up 70%, reflecting the contributions from our acquisitions in Mexico. Excluding these, we had growth of over 20%. International life insurance revenue was up 29% on a constant dollar basis, with the strong growth coming mainly from our operations in Asia. And finally, our global Re business was down about 5%. As you know, the reinsurance market is quite competitive, with an abundance of capacity, particularly in CAT, and CAT pricing is down about 5% internationally and 10% to 15% in the U.S. We expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. I want to say a few words about the current market environment. Our commercial P&C business in the U.S. continued to benefit from an improved pricing environment, with another quarter of rate-on-rate increases. Overall, North American pricing was up about 4%, while the rate of increase for property-related pricing is moderating. Casualty-related pricing, in fact, accelerated modestly in the quarter, with many lines experiencing their strongest level of rate increase yet. In ACE U.S.A., our retail business, property rates were up 4%, while casualty-related pricing was up over 4.5%. New business writings grew 5% year-on-year, and that's after growing new business 44% in the second quarter last year. Exposure growth added just over 3% to our premium growth rate due to increased economic activity. And our renewal retention rate, as measured by premium, was a very good 90% in the quarter. On the U.S. wholesale side of our business, rates were up over 4.5% overall, with property rates up about 3% and casualty-related lines up over 7.5%. Internationally, the retail commercial P&C rate environment remains competitive but stable, with rate growth flat in the quarter overall. Competition constraints our growth as we strive to maintain portfolio pricing. Rates, internationally, varied by class and by territory, but were mostly up or down 1% to 2%. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. As I said earlier, in the quarter, we completed our acquisition of ABA Seguros, Mexico's fourth largest personal lines company. And as we announced on last quarter's call, we also completed Mexican surety company, Fianzas Monterrey. Both acquisitions are on track, and as I already noted, are beginning to contribute to premium growth. For example, in the quarter, about half of ACE International's 18% net premium growth came from these acquisitions. In summary, we had a great quarter and a strong 6-months performance. We fired on all cylinders. And as things stand now, we expect a continued strong result through the balance of the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and we'll come back and take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. As Evan mentioned, we had an excellent quarter with record operating results. Cash flow was strong at $895 million. Based on our strong sustained financial performance, S&P and Amvest recently affirmed all of our core ratings and changed their outlook on ACE to positive. Fitch upgraded us from AA- to AA. Investment income was $534 million for the quarter, higher than our expected run rate, primarily due to higher-than-expected private equity distributions. Net realized and unrealized losses were $1.4 billion pre-tax and $1.1 billion after tax for the quarter, resulting primarily from the effect of higher yields on our fixed income portfolio. As the Feds signaled a potential end in sight to the quantitative easing program, high-yield, high-grade bonds that benefited from the program were the most significantly impacted by the shift in rates. Our blended market yield rose 60 basis points during the quarter, and our portfolio movements were in line with market conditions. We remain in an unrealized gain position of $1.3 billion after-tax. Future net investment income will be positively impacted as new cash flow and portfolio turnover will be invested at these higher rates. Current new money rates are 2.9% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. And our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate will be approximately $525 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our book value per share and our tangible book value per share declined 2.3% and 4.9%, respectively. Tangible book value was also affected by the impact of goodwill and intangibles arising from our Mexican acquisitions. Tangible book value per share would have declined 2.7%, excluding these transactions. The net impact of the mark-to-market change for the variable annuity reinsurance book was a realized gain of $35 million. This comprised a gross realized gain of about $200 million, primarily related to rising interest rates and increasing equity values offset by hedge losses, falling credit spreads and rising equity market volatilities, all of which reduced the gain by approximately $135 million. An additional $30 million of the gain was reduced by the timing effect, which we described on our disclosures as the increase in fair value liability when the VA book continues to run off as we collect premiums and get closer to annuitization claims. The VA result was in line with our expectations and with our published sensitivities. During the quarter, we had positive prior-period development of $128 million pre-tax and $109 million after-tax, with about 1/3 coming from long-tail and 2/3 from short-tail lines. Our net loss reserves are up $350 million for the quarter, and our pay-to-incurred ratio was 83%. Our CAT losses were $81 million pre-tax for the quarter, approximately half related to the Canadian floods, and the remainder related principally to severe weather events in the U.S. and the European floods. Our effective tax rate fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. In this quarter, the effective tax rate is low relative to other quarters, primarily because a greater percentage of our income was produced in lower tax jurisdictions. In addition, we had a one-off adjustment to prior-year tax accruals that lowered the rate by 1.5 points. The company is issuing updated guidance for full year 2013 to account for the first half positive prior-period reserve development; lower-than-planned catastrophe losses realized in the first half; better first-half current accident year results, excluding catastrophe losses; and higher net investment income in the second quarter and expected for the second-half of the year. The range is $7.65 to $8.05 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. This includes estimated catastrophe losses of $260 million after-tax for the second-half of the year. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: My first question relates to pricing. That color was very helpful. Over the past few days, investor focus has been on the sustainability of pricing improvement in the U.S. commercial lines. Evan, what would be very helpful, as your view, on the pricing momentum going forward from here?
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't hold a crystal ball that can predict the future. I can tell you that July pricing was similar to the second quarter pricing on that we've seen the same strong trend we have been seeing in casualty to flood-based continued in July. I mean, that is encouraging to us. Beyond that, I simply can't produce -- can't predict the market, but I'm very comfortable about ACE's ability to perform and outperform in any market.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: And any sort of distinction between retail and wholesale going forward?
Evan G. Greenberg: There is some distinction. Do you want more specific granularity around that?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes, that will help.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay, then I'm going to turn it over to John Lupica, who maybe will give you -- because I said it's broad-based. So we pick 5 or 6 lines, 7 lines and give you a sense in both the retail and the wholesale so you'll see a little distinction. Casualty pricing in the wholesale side is on -- is a little stronger than on the retail side.
John J. Lupica: Sure. Thanks, Evan. Amit, I'll give you just a little deeper dive into the rate that we're seeing, also a little bit of a growth that we're seeing in both the U.S. retail and the E&S market. I'd like to remind you, this our 27th month in North America that we've been able to get rate. Our ninth quarter and our fifth quarter are rate-on-rate. So it's been a healthy drive for rate in North America and then it's been the best that I've seen in this cycle. When I look at North America in a larger manager [ph] business, that quarter, we grew the business 16%, with the rate that was up 5.8%. And on a year-to-date basis, we were able to get 4.5 points of rate. In our professional lines businesses, in aggregate, we saw 3 points of growth, 5.7 points of rate in the quarter, and about 5 points of rate for the full year. When looking at our medical business and other specialty business, we saw the growth of 12%. Our quarter was up 3%, the year was up 1.5%. In the general casualty market, the excess casualty, we saw a growth of 13%. The rate of 6.3% in the quarter and the full year rate of 5.3%. Environmental and other casualty specialty line was up 12%, and growth rate was up 4%. On a full year basis, it was up 2.9%. In our property market, where, again, the rate has been terrifically healthy in the past and in current, we've seen a property retail rate growth of 26%. The quarter was 3.3% of rate. In the year, we've seen 3.7% of rate. In our E&S businesses, in our E&S property, we saw growth of 10%. Our rate in the quarter was 3.3%, and our year-to-date rate was 4.7%. And in our general casualty portfolio, we saw a growth of 3% in the quarter, with the rate of 8 -- and a year-to-date rate of 8.5%. And I'd like to echo what Evan had noted about July, we are seeing generally the same trends in our retail casualty market and property market in terms of rate. Risk management, early days, but we've seen it up 6.5%, excess of 5% and the property market, up 3%. But again, it's only as early days and early trade in July.
Evan G. Greenberg: So trying to give you a better sense of both growth and also sort of the broadness of rate, and that you can see the rate in the second quarter is better than the year-to-date rate.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: That's actually quite helpful. The only other quick question I have is on capital deployment. You talked about the recent acquisitions. In the past, we've spent some time talking about, I guess, the 1.5% drag on ROE. How should we think about the pipeline, I guess, of potential candidates versus the rate commentary which you have mentioned? Does that change in any way? Or is that completely independent somewhat of the strong pricing you're seeing?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's -- the pipeline of potential opportunities from an acquisition point of view are completely independent of anything to do with pricing, number one. Number two, remember, generally, the analyst community, and I mean this in a positive way, you have a very -- you have no visibility on what could be potential out there. There's over 50,000 insurance companies in the world. And it's a big world, and there is a vast amount of opportunity. If it meets -- if it meets our strategy, advances what we're doing organically and align with our territory and it meets our financial hurdles and return to investors, then we'll pull the trigger. And it's all opportunistic. And beyond that, I won't really comment except that we're vigilant and we're paying attention and we're are constantly looking.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My first question is regards to ACE's dividend philosophies. So Evan, you've said in the past ACE is a growth company. The dividend was raised 4% this past May, which, I guess, according to consensus, earnings estimates implies a declining payout ratio. So should we be thinking it was raised by 4% because free cash flow growth would be subdued in the near term? Or maybe we just simply shouldn't be thinking in terms of managing to a higher payout ratio over time? And then I have a follow-up.
Evan G. Greenberg: Go ahead, Phil.
Philip V. Bancroft: I was just going to say if you look at the history of our dividend, we've increased it about 46% since January of '12, so a pretty substantial increase. And we think that those increases have enhanced returns to the shareholders in a sustained period of low interest rates and it's enabled us to keep considerable capital flexibility. So...
Evan G. Greenberg: And no, it signals nothing about cash flow. In fact, as you could see, our cash flow is quite strong. We're very liquid, and the payout ratio will bounce around a little bit. But it'll average in the similar range over a period of time.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. It's helpful. And a numbers question that may be for Phil. I noticed the expense ratio in North America and insurance, excluding agriculture, declined by over 150 basis points versus 2Q '12 levels. Is there a lower expense run rate dynamic taking place that we should be aware of?
Philip V. Bancroft: I don't think -- no, I wouldn't count on the lower -- if there was a couple of one-off adjustments to accruals. And I wouldn't expect that to be part of [indiscernible].
John J. Lupica: Yes. If I could add just a little more detail, it really is a -- it's a growth in our net-earned premium outpacing our expense dollars. So it really is historical in our premium growth. There's nothing material in the detail.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so more it sounds like the operating leverage.
Philip V. Bancroft: Since that you're growing lower than premium...
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Operating leverage...
Philip V. Bancroft: And then it bounces around a little bit by mix of business because some business attracts a higher commission line than others. And so when you grow your very large account business, you're generally going to pay a lower commission than when you're growing your flow business. And that, with the acquisition where we show it, bounce around quarter-to-quarter will look like. Underlying operating expense ratio is very comfortably under control.
Evan G. Greenberg: Got the mix of the 2?
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to touch base first on the underlying combined ratio in North America P&C and Overseas General. We've continued to see year-over-year improvement in the first half, and results were pretty consistent between first quarter and second quarter of this year. So I'm just trying to get a read on whether you feel we're at the right baseline now, and whether you feel that result can continue to improve in those 2 major segments as earned pricing continues to come through.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Jay, we'll see how the future will -- I'm not going to predict the future, because short-tail business can have -- it'll have some variability around the mean to it. I don't know what you mean by have we hit or we hit a place where we're just comfortable. We're constantly striving to grow the business and do with it pricing that we think achieves an adequate rate of return. And as you know, we're willing to make that trade off in any line of business where it doesn't meet our hurdle rates, or what we think is a reasonable rate of return given this environment. And that's what the combined ratios represent. And where we see opportunity to write business at what we think is decent enough pricing to earn a reasonable underwriting margin, we're going to keep doing that. And the mix will change a little bit quarter-to-quarter, and that can change the accident year combined ratio a bit. But the more you get rate and if inflation stays subdued and you keep growing the business this way, then you audit, that only benefits margin.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That makes sense, okay. And then for Phil, with the run rate of investment income of $525 million, we saw that favorable uptick in investment yield on the portfolio. I'm wondering if we kind of roll this forward, should we expect investment income growth in the coming years, as opposed to seeing a slight drag on that metric as a result of low rates?
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, as you can see, our book yield still is above our market yield. So as the portfolio turns over into the whole yielding market rates, if market rates were to stay where they are, we think investment income would stay flat on that basis. Because new money would offset the decline in investment income that would result as the portfolio moves into the lower rate. I was just going to say, we are predicting or at least internally, that interest rates will rise. But that's -- that will be seen.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is this also taking into account growth in the portfolio?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, that's what I mean. Growth in the portfolio with our new cash flow, right? Well, it tends to offset almost directly the degradation in investment income because the portfolio rolls into a lower-yielding rate environment.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then one last numbers question. You give us the impact on the net per agriculture for the year. Where would that be on a gross basis?
Philip V. Bancroft: It'll be about flat.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So around $1.1 billion?
Philip V. Bancroft: Gross? No, no, much -- gross is much too far.
Evan G. Greenberg: [indiscernible] $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion gross.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, gross is probably $2.5 billion.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Thomas Mitchell with Miller Tabak.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if in the United States, in particular, North America, more generally, that what the outlook is for growth and exposures. It looks like your premium growth exceeds your average pricing increases so that either exposures are growing in the market or you're taking market share or maybe a little bit of both. But I'm just wondering what outlook looks like to you, let's say, today versus 6 months ago.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, exposure growth, and that's a good way to think about it. The -- we got exposure growth 2 ways. As I said in the commentary, 3 points of the growth came from exposure growth on our in-force portfolio, and that's economic activity-related. So that speaks to a firming economy that's got -- that is reasonably broad-based. The balance came from us growing share in classes of business, where we think the pricing allows us to produce a reasonable underwriting profit. And that's informed by our portfolio management that, as you know, is quite granular, quite mature, and that we just focus relentlessly on in here. It's our decades-long effort. And to just get more and more insightful about -- in a more granular way about particular pockets of business that behave differently than other cohorts where we see an opportunity. And it's there that we grow exposure. So when we like the pricing to exposure, we will grow exposure. Now we have the capital and the balance sheet to do it. And we know our minds, and we will not hesitate.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about the acquisitions and the impact in the quarter. Was any of the increase in guidance related to the acquisitions? In other words, are they accretive day one and coming through more than we had thought before?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, not coming through more than we thought. And they're not really particularly contributing towards these revised guidance estimate. And remember, the revised guidance, we did not increase our estimate for the balance of the year, current accident year. We revised our guidance based on the year-to-date results, our current accident year, CAT, investment income, prior-period development, and then we rolled forward the investment income. Other than that, for the balance of the year, we did not increase.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, good. So no impact to the deals in the guidance. Great. And then, can you remind us about how impactful these deals will be maybe in the out years? I thought you talked a bit about them in previous quarters as the accretion dilution and when they'll help.
Evan G. Greenberg: I did a little bit. And so this is what -- I'll make a couple of comments about them. First, I do refer you to our annual report shareholder letter that speaks to how the acquisitions we have made over the last 5 or 7 years have performed in aggregate and how they looked versus other means of capital deployment on a return basis. And so a return analyst to that, to begin with. Number two, these acquisitions over a reasonable period of time, on an ROE basis, and when I say reasonable, looking out 3 years, will meet or exceed our hurdle rate, our ROE hurdle rate, and that's pretty good. In the early period, you have -- you always have purchase accounting that weighs on ROE. And on an ROI basis, with the underlying health of it, they are extremely accretive and doing quite well. They're -- it's early days on Mexico, but everything we see, it's on track. And if anything, it's going to perform better than we expected, at this moment, from what we can tell.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just remind us, where does the amortization from the deals come through in the reported P&L? And how much is that now, or how much was that in the quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's included in other income. And the amount in the quarter at about $20 million.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: $20 million, okay.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I just wanted follow-up, Evan, if I could, on -- you provided some growth metrics in the different businesses. Would it be possible to kind of notionally size out wholesale, retail, personal lines in North America? Just -- I mean, obviously, personal lines has been growing a bunch. I'm just trying to get an idea of what the business footprint kind of looks like today.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, we don't typically -- we don't disclose it on a quarterly basis. I believe that we put on the website -- we put -- we published at the end of last year when we did investor dinners, we published a piece that we put out. And it breaks down the revenue on an annual basis by division within, I think, North America. I think we have that, and you can get that. I don't have that in my head, but U.S. retail is the largest. Then after that, you have wholesale business. And then after that, you have Private Risk Services.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Okay, that helps. And then in thinking about...
Evan G. Greenberg: You can go get it. You can go get the breakdown. And it hasn't changed much between what we showed at year-end and what we run now.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, great. In thinking about retail, is that an area where we should assume that you have taken down the whole risk? Where -- it's maybe in the wholesale business, that's where you would write more syndicated programs? Or is that breakdown not exactly right?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes -- no, Mike, you're not thinking of it right. Syndicated, I think of syndicated, to me, is more of a London where there's a line slip. There's a slip that goes around and everybody takes a share, that's a syndicated. In this case though, of taking down whole risk in the small and middle market commercial business, one carrier will generally take down the whole risk. In a large account in the upper middle market business, and this varies by line of business, and so it's hard to paint a broad brush. But in the upper middle market and large account, it's usually a layered approach. And so one -- you'll participate in certain layers. But the guy who takes the primary, puts out the paper, controls the claims and the engineering and the global servicing, that's where the real action is to me. That's where your real franchise versus just capital in a box. And ACE is a lead player in that regard. They come to us, not simply for the capacity, but for all those services. And then there may be others behind us who will participate in layers, and that's the capital in a box.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. And are you seeing any -- I mean, is there in terms of those, and pardon my nomenclature, I guess, syndicated is definitely more of a London term. But in terms of retail or wholesale, are you seeing divergence in some of those transit that you talked about? Or whether it's in the layers in which, I assume, you don't participate so much? Or in the primary replacements on a wholesale side, are you seeing whether it's from new entrants or new capital kind of spilling out and over into these areas? Are you seeing any divergence on that basis or not really?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, not really. Where I see divergence, it's not in -- the trends are the same in wholesale and retail. The wholesale side of the business naturally is the more -- that's the E&S business. You'll write -- E&S also, we write plenty of it on the retail side also. And that's where it'll be the more difficult to place or tougher classes, and so therefore, you might see us. As we said, we saw over 7.5% growth in casualty rate on the E&S side, whereas it was more modest on the retail side. Same trends. And that reflects the nature of the risk and its need for rate. But we're not seeing -- we're seeing the same trend, and we're not seeing stupid competition that is somehow breaking that trend in either.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just last one, quickly, can you elaborate a bit on your comments on the reinsurance markets? I mean, you talked a little bit about additional competition there in new capital. I mean, is there anything that you think could happen over the next 12 months or so that would cause you to consider really pursuing growth on the reinsurance side? Or is that just kind of out of the picture for now?
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. Look, I -- there's more capital chasing, to some degree, less business on the reinsurance side, and it always comes back in any market economy and with any industry. It's that old supply-demand thing, and that's what you got going on. And so you see particularly with a lot of visibility to investors is the CAT Re side. Though remember, over the overall reinsurance market, it's a small thing that casts a big shadow. And there, you see alternate capital coming in capital markets, in addition to traditional players. And so -- and you don't see exposures growing that much, and so you got that pond with more drinking out of it on the CAT. But in the broader reinsurance market of casualty, property, marine, the primary players have retained more business on one hand. There is plenty of capital in reinsurance because the results have been good, so their balance sheets have grown, and reinsurers are hungry. And there, as many will profess, underlying discipline, but they chase market share. And for many of them, their standards are not the same as ours. And for many, it's all they do for a living, and so they feel compelled. And they -- that sets the table, and reinsurance is softening. How much will it soften? Will low interest rates maintain and put a floor under discipline? Remains to be seen. But the way I look at it is kind of the market you got is the market you should expect to have. And so we'll continue to play it as we do. If we like the trade, we'll ride it. If not, you've seen, well, our track record is. We will shrink businesses, and have no problem doing that. And we are so well spread in so many lines in so many geographies, I'm not concerned about that for a moment.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Evan, when you were running through your prepared remarks on growth, you gave a lot of percentages. I'm wondering if we can pin down the premium volume from the acquisitions and the Overseas segment?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, you cannot.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, we cannot. Okay. And then can we give a little...
Evan G. Greenberg: Because they become part of the company. And we don't just start, well, Malaysia is this big or Thailand is this big on organic. And then we make an acquisition, we don't start distinguishing those in that regard.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, no, that wasn't my -- I just wanted to get an organic number for Overseas General.
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. I gave you an ACE International growth number, which was 18% in the quarter. And half of it was from the acquisitions. So 9% organic in ACE International and 9% from the acquisitions. And AOG is made up of ACE International. ACE Global Markets and the Overseas business of combined insurance.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'll see what I can do to tease that out. And can we get some disclosure on the $38 million of other? I mean, Phil said there was $20 million of negative amortization expenses associated with acquisitions. What else is in there this quarter?
Evan G. Greenberg: Josh, I read your note, and I think you have the sign wrong. That's actually a $38 million expense.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's an expense, okay.
Evan G. Greenberg: Other expense, right. And it relates primarily to the amortization.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'd like your perspective on the linkages between the insurance markets. There's a lot of talk about the market impact of Berchard getting into the U.S. market, of the soft reinsurance markets. And historically, these segments have moved first in the cycle, it drove change in the overall market. And I guess, the SG&A travelers [ph] was talking about, auto, which is a little bit different. But, I guess, my question is, do you think it's still the case that some of these markets just ordinarily lead the other markets? Do you think the linkages have strengthened or weakened from past cycles? Because I think your perspective might be quite unique and that you write a lot of these businesses as you do it globally. So you may aim to be at a better position than others to kind of see how one market will affect another.
Evan G. Greenberg: In past cycles before this one, typically, the reinsurance market that led to primary. This time around, in this cycle, the primary market led. And in fact, the reinsurance market stayed stable and hardly followed. And so I don't see that same linkage that way. And I don't believe that the reinsurance market is a leading indicator of where the primary market is going to go. Number one, one of the reasons is the size of balance sheet on the primary side on the large players. And they're much better data over the years in the last cycle. And because of math and computer power, and technology has changed it that way, and given their insight, they're making different kinds of decisions about how to hold retentions, how to think about exposure. And they retain much more, many do than they did in the past. And that's what creates some of that delinkage between the 2. And so I don't expect that somehow -- I'm not spooked that somehow the reinsurance market portends the insurance market. I just -- I don't see that in front of me.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: What about the excess in surplus market? That also tend to be kind of a leading indicator of the overall market, at least historically.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I don't think that's right either. Usually, the E&S market expands or contracts with market cycles. As in a softer part of a cycle, the E&S market shrinks, because the traditional insurers on the retail side, they expand their appetite. They tend to write business that they have no business writing. Because all of a sudden, they think, "Man, that price looks good relative to what I normally write. I'll write a lot to habitational business." And they don't realize that, that business, that they're writing it at a loss. And when they then get disciplined, because as the losses roll in, then they shrink their appetite and the E&S market expands. And so the E&S markets usually follows along that way. It doesn't lead it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the international growth. And I believe you mentioned that there was about 9% organic growth. I've been hearing some rumblings about some sort of growth slowdown internationally. So could you help us understand, are you seeing that? Or are you not seeing that in your business?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I'm confused, Vinay. Help me with the question a little more, because [indiscernible] we just published 9% growth organically and 18% without it. So do you mean the economic slowdown?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes. I mean, we've seen or we've heard about sort of a slowdown in growth in the emerging markets. Have you really seen it in your numbers just yet? Because it doesn't seem that you've seen that. Then do you think that's going to negatively impact you in the future?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I can't really predict the future. But first of all, you do see a slowdown in major emerging markets right now: China, Brazil, as 2 in particular. And When China slows down, that lead generally most natural resource-based countries will slow down. And China, where an awful lot of assemblage for export takes place, those that are doing component manufacturing so throughout Southeast Asia, et cetera, they will slow down. And as China's own consumption, if it slows down, then that will impact many other countries in Asia, and to some degree, in Latin America. Where we see economic slowdown, it's obviously slowed down dramatically in Brazil, as an example. And our business has slowed down in that country. But we've got Mexico, Columbia, Chile, the Indian countries have been doing quite well. When I look at Asia-Pacific, China, which we don't consolidate, as you know, because we own a minority position in Southeast Asia, I don't see that in our business and I don't see the economic slowdown. I was just in Indonesia and Malaysia, and those countries are doing quite well. Will they moderate, do I believe? Will they ameliorate in terms of growth? Yes. But particularly because, as I say, China casts such a big shadow. But I think it'll still be relative to the developed world. It'll still be robust, relatively robust growth. And at any one time, these markets are volatile. And at any one time, any 1 country or 2 countries can slow down, and that can have some impacts on us. But on the overall, I don't see it yet. I don't see it in front of me at this moment.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then 2 quick numbers questions for Phil, maybe. The first one is the amortization of intangibles. Phil, I think you mentioned it was $20 million. What number do you see for the next sort of 1 year? And does that sort of slow down after 12 months? Because most of the amortization happens in the first 12 months.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, 12 to 18 months. And what we're going to do is put a schedule in the 10-K or 10-Q that'll lay out our expectation for the rest of the year.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Super, that will be great. And just -- the next question is on the normalized tax rate. Do you have any number for that normalized?
Philip V. Bancroft: Prospectively, you mean? I would say, if you looked at current accident year X CATS, I would use a number in the neighborhood of 15%.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, on the investment income, it seemed that the good performance in the first half largely related to private equity gains, yet you upped your expectations for the second half. Did that increase represent continued positive outlook for private equity, or was it the higher interest rates we're seeing?
Philip V. Bancroft: It's principally the prior. I mean, the positive interest rates. As we said, the portfolio market rate was up 60 basis points in the quarter. And we see that having a positive impact for the next 2 quarters at least.
Evan G. Greenberg: And Jay, the other thing you have is mortgage. Things like mortgage redemptions have slowed down. So to a degree, portfolio turnover has slowed down a little bit. And that's been -- that benefits it.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. Second question was on the favorable reserve development. I'm wondering if you could give us a bit more color as far as what classes you're seeing that development in, and what accident years it's coming from.
Philip V. Bancroft: For the long-tail, it's predominantly overwhelmingly '07 and prior. And for the short-tail, it's more recent years. And Sean, do you have any more color you want to add?
Sean Ringsted: Yes, sure. As Phil said, it's 2/3 short-tail, 1/3 long-tail. Jay, on the short-tail nothing unusual there. It's just claims coming in better than expectations. And on the long-tail side, we've reviewed North America and Tempest this quarter. And as Evan said, it's predominantly '07 and prior. We did have some -- you'll see this in the Q, we did have some favorable release on more recent years, but this is attributable to our -- the short-tail exposure on multiclaims, industrial accident, and our worker's comp book. But the theme is '07 prior and better than expectations.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is it fair to assume, Sean, that the claims environment on the long-tail side remains fairly unchanged? Are you seeing any, on the margin, any changes in that, in the claims environment?
Sean Ringsted: We're not seeing what I call any systemic changes in the claim frequency or severity. We do see some frequency changes in our longer-tail lines. But I'd call this portfolio-specific and really driven by business mix as we take -- Evan mentioned the portfolio management. And as we take underwriting actions to come in and out of lines and moderate our exposures, we need the deductibles in SIRs and so on. So I would call these changes portfolio-specific, reflective of our ability to execute on portfolio management and also monitor. So now we've got to feed back loop, and we're now starting to see these changes in frequencies come through. So I think that's the important aspect of this portfolio-specific. You see it in the U.S. and non-U.S., but nothing systemic. And these portfolio changes are really in line with our expectations as we execute on underwriting.
Operator: And we'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just want to continue on that last thought about changes in the reserve environment. Are there any indicators -- I'm trying to get a sense, are there any leading indicators that would suggest that the current environment isn't changing, but it might 2 or 3 years from now?
Evan G. Greenberg: Wow, Meyer, that's the holy grail. Look, no, there's no indicators. It maintains -- it's relatively benign. I remind you that CPI is not the indicator of insurance-related inflation. Medical inflation, while it's down, still runs around 4%. You have legal inflation that continues. And by the way, on the short-tail side, you have more inflation around construction materials, and you get some hourly rate and all of that, particularly as housing starts, et cetera, pick up. So you always have an underlying trend, and you got to know that. But it's been pretty steady. We choose not to change long-term inflation factors for casualty. And if it turns out to be better, it shows up ultimately in our earnings in prior period, but we run our business conservatively. And anyone who's has been in the casualty business for any reasonable length of time, it's not a business for optimists, and you understand that the good news comes early and the bad news comes late, and so we continue to play it conservatively that way because you don't know 2 or 3 years out. And if economic activity picks up, well, that's what will drive inflation. We know it's been holding inflation down. It's demand side, not supply side.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: No, that's very helpful. I appreciate it. And I guess I have to look for the holy grail. On an unrelated topic...
Evan G. Greenberg: When you find it. Send it on in here, we are interested in that.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Looking at Court of Appeals. Are you seeing any increased submission activity of reflecting sort of the discussion about the major brokers looking to consolidate their placement among fewer carriers? Is that a relevant factor at all?
Evan G. Greenberg: That's been a slow-moving trend for a bunch of years now, that's not new. And when you talk to the major suppliers, as I know you do, they'll talk to you about the thousands. The inefficiency is they see it in their own system and thousands of carriers that they deal with, there are many hundreds. And how -- that's not the most efficient for both client or for themselves, it's how they do business. And for many reasons, that occurs and -- but it all comes down to human and their desire to, over time, rationalize and consolidate that. And you see it show up in different activities and actions on the parts of brokers over time. And that's been going on, and my sense is that will continue to a degree. There's nothing -- it's not event-related, and it's not startling, and I haven't seen anything new. I always see a lot of old wine, new bottles constantly coming out. But that's true kind of any business.
Operator: We'll go to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions here. First, Phil, corporate admin expenses looked elevated in the quarter. Was there any kind of onetime items related to the closed acquisitions that don't repeat themselves?
Philip V. Bancroft: It really wasn't related to acquisitions, but we did have some accrual changes related to some work we were doing around the stock compensation area. But nothing that I would take as a ongoing trend.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then second, I mean, I wonder if you can talk about any kind of notable changes in terms and conditions. I've heard a little bit about an increased in multiyear deals all of a sudden coming back into the market. What are you seeing, anything that would be at all alarming?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I'm not. The only place I'm really seeing multiyear deals of any size has been in CAT Re. [indiscernible] it always occurs. Other than that, no, I'm not seeing.
Helen Wilson: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer John J. Lupica - Chairman of Insurance for North America and President of Ace USA John W. Keogh - Former Chief Executive Officer Sean Ringsted - Chief Actuary and Chief Risk Officer Brian E. Dowd - Former Member of The Office of The Chairman and Vice Chairman
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited March 31, 2013, First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to company performance, guidance, premium growth and product pricing and insurance market conditions and acquisitions that have yet to close and be integrated, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for 1 month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not to be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. As you saw from the numbers, ACE had a very good first quarter and a strong start to the year. The quality and balance of earnings were excellent with solid contributions from both underwriting and investments. Every division had strong revenue growth. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $746 million, up 6.5% or $2.17 per share, and our operating return on equity was 12%. Book value per share grew 1.6% and now stands at $82.17. Our underwriting results were simply excellent. We produced over $360 million P&C underwriting income, up 16%, and a P&C combined ratio of 88.2%. This strong calendar year underwriting performance was driven principally by current accident year underwriting income, excluding catastrophes, that was up 37% from prior year and generated a combined ratio of 89.4%. That's almost 2.5 points better than the first quarter last year. Our current accident year results reflect the excellent underlying health of our current business, including overall growth in earned premium and a lower expense ratio, as well as margin improvement in North America as a result of better pricing and mix of business and margin improvement internationally as a result of product and geographic mix. We produced $531 million in investment income in the quarter, down less than 2.5%, as we benefited from an increase in partnership income. This is a good result given the historically low interest rate environment in which we operate today and which we'll continue to pressure investment income results for the entire industry for the foreseeable future. As I pointed out in our shareholder letter, this challenging rate environment is a direct consequence of the Fed's quantitative easing efforts to stimulate economic growth and bring down unemployment. While these efforts are well-intentioned, they penalize long-term savers, including insurance companies and encourage greater risk-taking as investors feel pressured and reach for yield, something we will not do. Phil will have more to say about our investment portfolio and results. Total company net premiums in the quarter grew 6.3% with growth coming primarily from the U.S., Asia-Pacific and Latin America. In North America, with the exception of Agriculture, net premiums were up across the board with retail commercial P&C up 8.5%; wholesale P&C, up over 13.5%; and our high net worth personal lines business, up 12.5%. Net premiums for our Agriculture business, which we now break out for you as a reporting segment, were down about 5% due to a modest amount of additional proportional reinsurance protection we purchased for the '13 crop year, which means we had to true up back to the fourth quarter. If you recall, crop premium volume is concentrated in the second and third quarters. Internationally, net premiums for ACE International were up 8% in constant dollars. We had good growth in almost every territory. The U.K. was up 7%, Asia was up 14% and Latin America was up 12%, while the continent of Europe was relatively flat at 2%. By major product area, commercial P&C overseas was up 7%, personal lines were up 21% and A&H was up 6.5%, all in constant dollars. We fully expect international A&H growth to accelerate as the year progresses. Premiums in our London-based excess and surplus lines business were up 5% with strong gains in energy in particular. Premiums in combined insurance were essentially flat and fundamentals there are improving as predicted, including number of active agents, which were well ahead of last year and resulting in annualized new business sales in our large U.S. core agent book of business that are up nearly 14%. For our Global Re business, premiums for the quarter were up about 6% and net sales for our international Life business grew 26% in Asia and Latin America, again on a constant dollar basis. I want to say a few words about the current market environment. Our commercial P&C business in the U.S. continued to benefit from an improving price environment with another quarter of rate-on-rate increases. Overall, North America pricing was up 3.5% with retail rates up 3%. By way of example, retail property rates were up 6% and commercial D&O rates were up 3% and trending higher during the quarter on a month-by-month. For risk management business, rates were up 3.6% and excess casualty rates were up about 4.5%. For our retail business, new business writings grew 27% year-on-year and our premium renewable retention rate, as measured by premium, was over 96% in the quarter with account retention at 86%. On the U.S. wholesale side of our business, ACE Westchester rates were up over 7% overall with property rates up 7%, professional lines rates up 6.3% and casualty rates up about 9%. The retail commercial P&C rate environment internationally remains competitive but reasonably stable with retail rates up 1% overall. Loss-making accounts are getting rates. Otherwise, when business comes to market, it is competitive. In the U.K. retail market, we're seeing modest firming in the primary casualty area. International wholesale lines were up modest single-digits in the first quarter, but we're seeing signs of greater competition in London wholesale that may not bode well for future growth in that business. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. Earlier this month, we completed our acquisition of Mexican surety company, Fianzas Monterrey. And we just received regulatory approval for acquisition of ABA Seguros, Mexico's fourth largest personal lines company, which we now expect will close in very early May. With the addition of ABA and FM, ACE becomes a top 5 P&C insurer in Mexico. In summary, we are off to a strong start to the year. Our underwriting results were distinguished, and from a top line perspective, we are taking full advantage of the improved commercial P&C pricing environment in the U.S. and our broad product capability and geographic presence internationally. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil, and then we'll be back to take your questions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Thanks, Evan. Tangible book value grew 2.1% for the quarter and our cash and invested assets grew $1.3 billion to $62.2 billion. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $913 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $112 million after tax and included $121 million realized gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Investment income for the quarter included $14 million of higher-than-expected private equity and other distributions. Current new money rates are 2.3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio and our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $515 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our net loss reserves were down $60 million in the quarter on a constant dollar basis due to payments related to Sandy and last year's crop losses. Our paid-to-incurred ratio was 107% for the quarter. When we normalize the first quarter ratio for Sandy and crop loss payments, the ratio is 88%. Cat losses were $28 million after tax in the quarter and we had positive prior period development of $62 million after tax. The prior period development was split with 60% coming from short-tail lines and 40% from long tail. The long-tail development related principally to accident years 2007 and prior. Our underwriting income in the quarter included 2 partially offsetting one-time items, which netted to a positive $14 million benefit to underwriting. There was a pretax benefit of $29 million relating to a settlement of a workers' compensation class-action lawsuit in which ACE was a plaintiff and a $15 million expense adjustment going the other way. Our unusually low tax rate in the quarter was impacted by favorable adjustments to prior year tax accruals. Our tax rate also fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. During the quarter, we issued $950 million of 10- and 30-year senior debt at an average cost of 3.4%. The proceeds will be used to redeem debt maturities in 2014 and 2015. During the quarter, we also repurchased $150 million of our shares. As you will see on our supplement, we plan to show North America in 2 segments: P&C and Agriculture. Our 10-Q presentation will be changed to reflect the new segments. Our press release issued last night included our updated guidance for 2013 to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development, lower-than-expected cap losses and also better-than-expected x cat current accident year results. Our range is $7.10 to $7.50 in after-tax operating income per share for the year. This includes cat losses of $330 million after tax for the second through fourth quarters. Guidance is for the balance of the year and is for the current accident year only. Before I turn it over to Helen, I'd like to address the subject of annual earnings guidance. Over the years, we provided 2 components to our guidance, operating earnings per share and an estimate for catastrophe losses. More recently, we've also provided you with an investment income run rate. After giving considerable thought to this subject, including a number of discussions with analysts and shareholders, we've decided that we will stop providing explicit operating EPS and catastrophe loss guidance after 2013. We believe that our disclosures are sufficiently detailed and clear. We will, however, continue to provide an investment income run rate that has sustained low interest rate environment in which we have strong positive cash flows, offset by an investment portfolio that is rolling into lower new money rates. We will continue to evaluate our disclosures as we go forward. Of course, we will remain open and accessible to you if you have questions or need clarifications. With that, I'll turn it over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'd be happy to take your questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I just had one question here, Evan, on the relationship between retention and rate gains. I mean, if I look at you guys over the last few quarters and some U.S. peers, it looks like retention is for you much higher. The rate gains coming through seemed to be a bit lower. I'm just trying to understand, is there a relationship there that we should understand? Or is there something else that's somewhat obscuring that comparison? And just one follow-up.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I think you're making -- you're drawing 2 facts together that aren't directly linked. There is not -- whatever we're achieving in the rate gains is not driving our net retention increases or not -- our mix of business will drive it, number one. And secondly, in North America in the quarter, the gross is not up as much as the net is, and that drives it a little bit. There is a large transaction that will get reflected in the second quarter, wasn't reflected in the first quarter, it's a timing question. That drives a little bit of that. But overall, I don't see the rate changing and net retention, except on the margin, are linked together.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I should have been a little bit clearer. You mentioned account retention was 89% and retention in North America was 96%. Is that net retention? Or are you talking about accounts?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, that's retention of business. That's retention of business, and that is directly related. Sure. More business, number one, in -- you see growth in new business. And retention, more business is priced at a place that will earn a reasonable return to us, and we're retaining it. And the market is more disciplined in competing for it.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one follow-up. As far as if we were to look at old-fashioned primary agent-placed business or the more broker-involved primary access markets, is there a difference in terms of whether the competitiveness or the rate that you're able to take on in either of those markets, specifically about North American P&C?
Evan G. Greenberg: You mean is there a difference between the broker market and the agent market?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of is there a differential in terms of your ability to extract rate gains. Obviously, the markets are very different. That's what my question, I guess.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. It really -- I think it's by size of account, type of account and type of coverage that's being purchased where you're going to see more variability than it is necessarily related to the distribution.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, in regards to margins. So if I strip out the one-time expense ratio benefit, I'm seeing accident year x cat loss ratio and expense ratio improvement of over 100 basis points year-over-year on a combined basis. So I'm curious if there's any one-time items, such as maybe benign noncat weather, which we should take into consideration when thinking about a run rate.
Evan G. Greenberg: No. It's 200 points basis points better. And when you take out the one-time items and you strip out cats and prior periods, so the current accident year on that 200 basis point improvement was the mix of business that we had in the quarter that earned its way in. And it was our growth in earned premium on both. And that mix is product line and geography-related.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then lastly, Evan, I appreciate the comments in the annual report addressing your thoughts on the tradeoff between acquisitions versus share repurchases. You point out the IRR on acquisitions has been 17% versus 11% versus buying back shares, so clearly the math has been superior using M&A. So that said, it's my understanding that ACE has been operating with a material level of excess capital for quite a while now. So if I'm thinking about this correctly, wouldn't it have been better if ACE had been employing a dual M&A and repurchase strategy over the recent years?
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't think so. When I look at our ROE over the period of time, frankly, our ROE was excellent. There is no such thing as just-in-time capital management, as we say. And opportunity, you can't -- it's opportunistic by its nature, opportunity. And so it comes at times in a lumpy way. And so part of strategy is being ready for what you don't know, then bad.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And would you be able to give us an update what you think the -- if there is an ROE drag up from excess capital currently?
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. On an ROE drag, I don't have an exact number in my head. The last time, we were about 1.7 points on the ROE. Right now, I think we're bouncing around 1.5 points.
Philip V. Bancroft: 1.5 points is what I would say, Evan.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to touch base first on the share buybacks, the $154 million in the quarter. It was the first time ACE has bought back stock in meaningful size since 2011. My sense is related to management compensation, but just wanted to clarify that and also get a sense of what we should expect on that going forward.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, Jay. It is related to dilution that we say we buy back. We don't buy it back -- we don't match the periods exactly of when we experience dilution and when we buy back. We thought from an intrinsic value point of view, it's a good time to buy back stock and that's why we did it. As we go forward, we will periodically come into the market and buy back shares when we think it's attractive. But we don't have a set plan and a set amount that we're going to do on any quarterly basis.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Understood. Okay. And then on the underlying combined ratio, based on going back in my model, it looks like this is the best overall underlying combined ratio for ACE in 4 years. My sense is, as you've touched on previously, business mix shift is having an effect on that. Can you discuss that in a bit more detail?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. And then I might ask one of my colleagues to also pitch in. We've talked to you a long time about portfolio management. And as we have really worked on it for quite a long time and we think in advance of others, we were really taking action, and you'll know before the market turned, we were shedding business because we had pretty good insight into within any given line of business, the cohorts that were producing reasonable returns and those that weren't, just more granular portfolio management. That just continues to improve. It's an iterative process, continues to improve. And in a pricing environment like this, it has positioned us well because we can distinguish that which is better cohorts, better-priced from that which is more marginal even at the same or higher rates. And so our selection becomes better, more insightful, and the business we're writing is therefore producing a better margin within. And that's where we're getting the growth, more of our growth is coming from the higher-margin business.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. Was there anything to add on that? Or can I...
Evan G. Greenberg: I'll ask John Lupica. He's out at RIMS, and so it's very early for him. But I'll see if he wants to embellish on that.
John J. Lupica: And just to support the comments that Evan had made, it certainly is showing itself in North America. When I say it, it's the portfolio management strategy -- margin strategy over the last several years. We really have focused on ensuring that we grow our high-margin business. We deemphasized our lower-margin business. And we look at our new business selectively in terms of where we're able to get it. That, in addition to differential on the rate between our high-performing business and our lower-performing business, really has helped us on not only mix, but on the earned basis as the growth has come in the right spot. So it really has been our targeted strategy over the last year, and it's really shown itself in a better current accident year number this year.
Evan G. Greenberg: John Keogh, you want to add anything?
John W. Keogh: No, I -- that same approach, we've been taking internationally as well and implementing portfolio management in our markets abroad. And I think if you look at the current accident results for our international business, the improvement year-over-year, there, too, we're identifying the portfolios, whether it's in Asia or in Europe or in Latin America that have performed best, emphasizing those opportunities and growing those businesses in a rate that is showing through now in terms of our earned premium on those better foreign businesses. At the same time, I've been talking to you guys for, gosh, quarter-after-quarter for the past few years about the wholesale business in London and how certain lines of that business just wasn't meeting our underwriting thresholds and have been shedding that business. And as that business runs off, you've seen improvement in our current accident years on our wholesale business as well.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Excellent. And then just the last one on North American Agricultural. First, thanks for breaking that out. The premium volume for 2013 versus 2012, I know it's early to determine how that will shake out. But any initial thoughts?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. It is early. It'll be lower. It'll be lower by a couple of hundred million bucks. It's both a combination of commodity price-driven because that's what goes into the base of determining premium performer per crop. And we bought -- around if we brought a modest amount of quota share reinsurance, and that will impact the net premium as well.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So a few hundred million dollars less on...
Evan G. Greenberg: With very little impact to our projected earnings.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So a few hundred million dollars less on gross and net or more of an impact on net since there's more...
Evan G. Greenberg: More of an impact on net. And the number I'm speaking about is net.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to ask or get color on the international pricing environment. One of the things I'm wrestling with is just why it's lagging North America so much. And your data is similar to what we're seeing market-wide.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's very curious to me to a degree. I haven't seen a global market behave this way before, but every period is different. In the U.S., with investment income pressure and combined ratios rising, there's more -- the insurers respond to ROE pressure and lower ROEs with greater underwriting discipline. And the structure of the market is such that the larger players who have greater insight are one at a time, they know that they've got 2 sources of income and they are practicing greater underwriting. They've determined to practice greater underwriting discipline to address that. Internationally, there is a tremendous amount of surplus capital. The reinsurance market, by the way, is not following the insurance market. The reinsurance market is more competitive in my judgment. There is a tremendous amount of capital internationally and more capital that enters, whether it's in London or it is in the emerging markets as they grow wealth, more local companies are being formed that compete. And you're not seeing the same reaction to a lower interest rate environment of greater underwriting discipline. And it's as simple as that, and they're maintaining and more market share-driven.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Is it actually -- is the ROE internationally just higher as a starting point and therefore, in a way, the U.S. has to come up more? Or is it, maybe as you're alluding to, that the competitive landscape internationally, competitors are willing to except a lower ROE?
Evan G. Greenberg: I think, look, there's always a great distribution around the mean. And if you couldn't outperform the mean, I could tell you I wouldn't have interest in being in this business. But when I look at it from the point of view of just that, it varies by territory. But I wouldn't -- you look at the U.K., you look at the continent, I would hardly be proud of overall market ROEs in those markets. When I look at Latin America and Asia, those are tough territories. You've got to really know what you're doing. And when you look at market returns in those territories, ROEs on underwriting results are not that much better. And in some markets, they're worse. And investment income can vary portfolio rates by territory.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. Okay. Last for me is just I think that taking away the guidance, speaking into next year, I think it's going to make all our lives a lot easier just given the nature of how you all have done it. Maybe it's a good time then to just revisit kind of how you think about ROE. I mean, right now, rates are low. You're doing low double-digits. If rates were to go up, well, I guess, how do you think about the ROE goal? And then what's the sensitivity of that to rates improving from here? And I'm talking about interest rates, not pricing.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, understood. We have not changed our objective and target, which is a 15% ROE over cycle. That is exactly where we are. Whether it is pricing or interest rate cycle, our governor is always to earn on the underwriting side, a combined ratio in lines of business of over under 100%. And depending on the product and the territory, we set goals that are substantially below that. And then the investment income, we're not going to take undue risk. And it is mostly going to be in our invested asset, in fixed income portfolio with repeatable income. And when you add all that up, the ROE will be what it will be. And we think ACE will continue to produce a superior ROE to the industry. And our goal is to achieve that 15%, and we think in more normal times, we will. You might have seen in the shareholder letter, every base -- every 100 basis points of investment income is 2.5 points of ROE for us, and as things stand at the moment. And so if interest rates were up another, you get it. If they were up 100 or 200 basis points, we're behind -- we're ahead of that 15% number.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vinay Misquith of Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the gap between large commercial and small commercial. Would you say that, that's starting to narrow now?
Evan G. Greenberg: The gap in what? I'm sorry, in pricing?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Pricing. Yes, pricing.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I'm not sure that you're seeing it the same as we're seeing it. I think you have to think more of a byline of business basis. So the greatest rate increases through '12 and then when you look at '13 first quarter, the greatest rate increases come in workers' comp and in guaranteed cost workers' comp, which is a line of business that we're not really engaged in to any great degree. And that casts a big shadow over the smaller and medium-sized business. The second area that was getting substantial rate was property, and then commercial auto, particularly in that medium-sized, smaller account arena. Property is beginning -- got some rate at the beginning of the quarter. It's beginning to flatten out, which given the rate-on-rate that you've seen for a while on property is not irrational to me. So that's maybe more of how I see it than simply a large accounts, small account construction. Makes sense to you?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just because the large surveys out there show that small commercial pricing seems to be stronger than large commercials, I'm just trying to square that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Right. And you have to -- and I'm trying to give you the reasons to look behind that and understand what's driving it. And I think that's the -- at least in my judgment, those are more the markers to look at.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fair. The second question is on the Insurance - North American side. Your net premiums are up 9%, that's great. The gross premiums were roughly flat. Just curious why that's happening. And if you're seeing price improvement, how are you changing your reinsurance purchases to grow the net premiums?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Reinsurance purchases on the margin, the change in reinsurance purchase, the net grows faster than the gross for 2 reasons. One, as I mentioned, there was a quite a large transaction that it's a timing question that will get booked in the second quarter, it wasn't booked in the first quarter. That has an impact, a substantial impact on the difference between gross and net. And the balance is really in mix of business, where we grew businesses that just had a higher net retention to them than the year before. And they are attractive classes to us. Our reinsurance purchases changed on the margin.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then one last thing, if I may, just on the agri insurance. You said you bought some more pro rata reinsurance, but you said the impact on the bottom line would be negligible. So would that be because you had better pricing and terms and conditions?
Evan G. Greenberg: The protection that we purchased, the additional protection from a balance of exposure and terms, we consider to be a favorable buy for ACE. And that's why we executed the transaction.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of questions here for you, Evan. One, could you talk a little bit about loss trend and what's happening with the loss trend and how much is that contributing to the improvement in the underlying combines, particularly North America?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to ask Sean to talk about loss trend. But more mix of business and growth in earned premium contributed to the increase in underwriting income. And to margin, more of the mix to lines of business, and within lines, cohorts that had a better combined profile than it is that we actually cohort-by-cohort lowered our pegs materially at all.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Are those lines shorter-tail lines?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, short and long, both. Want to hear about overall losses? Sean?
Sean Ringsted: Well, Brian, Evan said it well, so I'd just add a couple of quick comments and color on that. I mean, as far as Q1 goes, it's obviously early in the year. But as we look across various portfolios frequency, we see most of the -- well, all the lines there pretty much within our expectations that we set during the planning process, so we don't see anything unusual there. Obviously, we've got some noise bouncing around. But the overall theme is nothing unusual there. And the second, in our planning process, we do remain vigilant on the loss trend. So while inflation has been relatively benign and loss trend has been relatively benign, we remain relatively conservative right now. Our peg is particularly for the higher excess casualty line.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then Evan, just quickly here, in the North American P&C business, given where your combined ratios are right now, you've got, what, 3.5% rate, I think, you said in North America. Do you think the returns in allocated capital in that business are acceptable right now given the current interest rate environment? And is that why we're not seeing any more kind of acceleration in the rate activity there?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, acceptable. The current accident year is hardly running a 15% ROE. That's where I'd like to see us somewhere between that. Maybe a little less than that would be rational given interest rates. But I think that the ROE is still a little under pressure, but the combined ratio -- but that's because of investment income. And I think the combined ratios on the business are pretty good. And that's why if you add it, as I say, if you look at the illustration of what 100 basis points does on the investment side, that adds 2.5 points to your ROE. So you just take that with the combines we're running right now and you're approximately 15%, which is, I think, a good number. I think that the rate environment right now is -- with that in mind, I do see property kind of flattening out because of where pricing is right now. I do see casualty kind of bumping along at this level of increase. It's nothing overly exciting. It's hardly a hard market, but it's a rational response to the pressure that insurers are feeling. And I don't think it's going to be enough if the industry in aggregate at these levels of increase of rate to ameliorate the impact of investment income declines. So I think you're in a place for the industry overall where ROE may improve a little bit, but it's hardly double-digits.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: One quick one, and then a follow-up. The increased use of proportional reinsurance on the Agriculture business, does that have an impact on the underwriting results as well as the premium line?
Evan G. Greenberg: No. It did not.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: So the decline in underwriting was a real decline. There wasn't any...
Evan G. Greenberg: No. The decline in underwriting -- sorry, Paul. Last year, in the first quarter, you'll recall the '11 crop year was a bumper crop year. And so the true-up of profit and loss from the '11 year in the first quarter produced that very good income last year. This year, the true-up in the first quarter from the '12 crop year is the result you see. You're not getting benefit of -- you're not seeing like winter wheat or corn or soybeans from this year yet, that's all in front of you.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Right. And then sort of a bigger-picture question, there's been a lot of talk this last quarter or so about the reinsurance business being heavily impacted by the capital markets. And it didn't seem to impact your business anymore. But do you have any sort of general thoughts as to -- if that's going to impact your business in the future?
Evan G. Greenberg: Look, we're of the market, too, but we're highly rated. We don't write an outsized cat book, as you know. We are highly rated. We have years of reputation and experience in the business and with clients and cedents [ph]. And so I see a direct impact in terms of crowding us out of line size as minor. I see more capital coming into the market impacts the rate environment. And whether that means that we'll find business, more business unacceptably priced or not in the future, we'll see as we go forward in the year. Right now, I see it more on the margin.
Operator: And we turn next to Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. The first is you issued some debt in the quarter. It looks like interest expense went down versus the fourth quarter. I'm wondering what's behind that.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, first, the debt was issued in the last 2 weeks of March, right, so we had very little debt expense relating to that in the quarter. We also had a reduction in some of the collateral that we hold and pay interest on with respect to our funded deductible programs so that dropped the interest a little bit. And then we had a deposit insurance contract that had an adjustment to interest and lowered interest expense a bit. So net-net, it was down a little bit.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Should we look at the sort of fourth quarter as more of a normal run rate x the new debt you issued?
Philip V. Bancroft: I would say the fourth quarter plus the new debt that was issued, offset, of course, by the investment income on the proceeds for the debt that we've retained to repay the debt, redeem the debt when it comes due in '14 and '15.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Exactly. Okay. The second question, it's very helpful that you broke out the Agriculture-related business. I'm just looking at some of the numbers that you showed for last year. And just from a modeling standpoint, can you give us any sort of sense what administrative and acquisition expense looked like? Because the numbers on the administrative side were negative last year. In the acquisition side, they kind of go all over the place. Any sort of rough guidance you can give?
Philip V. Bancroft: I'm going to let Brian talk about it. But good luck figuring that out precisely because you have a couple of things going. You have a government reimbursement of expense and the timing of that, and then a lot of the profit and loss true-ups in formula. At the end of the day, whether it's government or agents or any of that stuff, it comes through that line. And Brian, do you want to...
Brian E. Dowd: Yes. I mean, the only thing I would say is the negative expense ratio isn't normal, right? It was a function of the year, crop year and calendar years coming together with the big profit from the '11 year. So don't think of a normal run rate as a negative expense rate, a normal run rate is a modest positive expense cost, both administrative and acquisition.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. I guess, as time goes on, we'll see a more hopefully normal run rate, assuming the weather doesn't get too crazy.
Brian E. Dowd: Yes.
Evan G. Greenberg: You got it. But remember, abnormal could actually be a very good thing for us, too, so it depends on which quarter and what we're looking at.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you have any thoughts regarding the balance sheet and strong dollar economics or a bear market for bonds and whether it effects your business, how you write it, whether you'd be buying any hedges to protect from that, realizing capital gains and whatnot.
Philip V. Bancroft: We wouldn't expect to do that. We've said for a long time that we take our risk on the liability side and we've got a conservative investment portfolio. We don't expect to take any significant additional risk. We would -- on the margin, tactical changes that we make to the portfolio. But we don't see any significant changes to our investment profile.
Evan G. Greenberg: Let me just add this to what you just asked, and that is that it's a buy and hold portfolio mostly. So any accretion that comes in the beginning from a realized gain -- an unrealized gain or the other way, an unrealized loss, will amortize its way over a couple of years. So it's an accounting versus an economic, and we don't hedge that.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And in terms of currency, does a strong dollar change your view of the ROE of written [ph] in non-U.S. domiciles?
Philip V. Bancroft: No, assets and liabilities are matched.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Just 2 short questions. The first is does the incident that took place in Boston last week drive any change in the dynamics of underwriting the kinds of risks that are associated with events like that?
Evan G. Greenberg: No, it does not. We measure terrorism-related risk, man-made events no differently than natural events. We are thoughtful about aggregations. We're thoughtful about pricing and the kinds of exposures. This is a risk that is real, and what an unfortunate event. And it just reminds us all that, that risk doesn't go away. And we've been underwriting it to the last -- since 2001 consistently, and with that in mind that there is a real risk. And so we again manage accumulations, pricing type of risk with that in mind. And with the -- it reminds us again, while this was a terribly unfortunate event, the destruction to property and the magnitude of the event overall was relatively modest compared to what you could imagine and particularly in settings of great concentration of values. And it reminds you again of the importance of TRIA, the government backstop, that comes up for renewal next year because that tail that the government provides a cover for that tail that allows insurers to more widely offer and underwrite terrorism-related exposures.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's a good answer. I was also wondering about -- shifting to other government pictures that there at least has been a proposal put on the table in Congress to reduce the amount of reinsurance available from the federal crop insurance program. And I'm wondering if that were to take place, whether it would be more of an opportunity or make the business less attractive for you.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Tom, from what I've looked at, the government, the budget for the most part, has been talking about -- that was put on the table -- and by the way, isn't really different than the proposal the administration put on the table last year, which didn't gain any traction in Congress. But it really -- the 2 broad elements were that the farmers themselves, the buyers of insurance, crop insurance, pay a greater share themselves. Right now, it's subsidized by the government, 60%. And then the other part of the proposal, as it relates to insurance, was to cut back the amount insurers are reimbursed for administrative expense. Those are the 2 main -- those are really the 2 main elements in the administration's proposal that again didn't gain a lot of traction with either party in Congress.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Had a question about the growth and strategy perspective. I was wondering if you've seen any regions or countries that you think at this time are particularly attractive from a growth and regulatory perspective for next moves for you guys.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you see the growth -- well, I don't want to get too specific. You see that our growth in Asia and Latin America, in particular, those regions, that's where we see the most attractive environments from both an economic and an underwriting point of view across a broad swath of product and a broad range of customer. You see that we grew double-digits in Asia and double-digit in Latin America. And that's both in nonlife and in life. I would say, at this time, the world is a dynamic place. Those are the most attractive regions of the world for us. And we just concluded 2 acquisitions that we pretty much -- we haven't closed on the second one, it will take a couple of weeks. But 2 in Mexico that really significantly increase our exposure both in Latin America and Mexico, in particular. And we view that as a quite attractive country today. And what we see the government's actions in Mexico to improve economic growth and regulation will have -- should have a great benefit to the insurance marketplace in that country. And ACE has now positioned itself, I think, quite well to take advantage of that.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: With that leadership position that you're going to have in personal lines business in Mexico, is there any intent or thought about expanding the personal lines business outside of that country?
Evan G. Greenberg: It already is. We already have presence in a number of countries in Latin America in personal lines. And that is a focus of ours, though you have to be -- that's a glib statement, you have to be very careful. It's country-by-country and its kind of personal lines varies by country.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Any U.S. personal lines interest?
Evan G. Greenberg: We are already in the U.S. personal lines business in the high net worth market, which our profile as a company, fits that segment of the market, and that's where we will remain.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I had a couple of follow-ups. But first, just on the life insurance business, it seems that the results were a little weaker than -- well, at least weaker than they have been. They sort of seemed to be trending down over the last year. Can you just give us a little update? Is that the VA runoff? Is there FX? Or is there some pressure on the ongoing businesses?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Ian, there were 2 items this quarter that don't really bode towards trend. Last year, we had some one-time items in the life insurance business internationally that was a benefit that didn't repeat this year. And secondly, combined is in 2 places. Combined had very good earnings, but combined is in 2 places. It's in ACE International, or AOG, it's in ACE Overseas General, for the international part of combined. And the U.S. part of combined, which is on life company paper, is in the Life segment. While the international portion grew in income, the U.S. portion went down in income. It's not a run rate question or any of that, some of the prior period development last year was in the U.S. combined. Those 2 together is most of it. The underlying trend that does continue quarter-on-quarter is a decrease in the VA exposure as that runs off. That was a modest amount of the income difference this quarter.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Got it. Perfect. And then just to follow up on Paul's question on alternative cat capacity, I was actually thinking about it from the other side, which is as a buyer of reinsurance, it would seem to the extent as being cheaper than traditional paper. Is that an attractive option to you? Or are you a little wary of essentially the collateral versus traditional paper?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you've got to be careful about it. First of all, is it on an indemnity basis? Or is it on a parametric basis? And so -- are you getting the same protection? When it's collateralized, that's not a bad thing because you're holding the money, you're not chasing it. But the biggest issue, it does have a place and has a place, particularly for a company like ACE, against traditional reinsurance. Traditional reinsurance though gives you reinstatements. And generally, capital market solutions do not provide you a reinstatement. So there are differences. And so it's one shot and you're done. And where that fits within your program, it has an important place, but it doesn't simply replace traditional reinsurance.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Got it. And then just last my one, I think it was Tom's question about TRIA. I think before last week, it seemed like that was facing long odds of renewal. Do you have any change of expectation? Or is it too early to tell?
Evan G. Greenberg: I didn't subscribe -- I haven't subscribed to that it has long odds of renewal. It's hard to imagine that based on a standard of rationality that things get done in Washington. However, I think from any rational point of view, TRIA is really a no-brainer to renew. It provides a backstop of certainty that allows businesses to continue on. It's not a benefit to the insurance industry, it's a benefit to business overall. Because if there wasn't TRIA, you wouldn't see much terrorism insurance sold.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: That was going to be my follow-up is to what extent we might see disruption a year from now if this things ends up being like flood insurance, where it always gets extended after it should get done?
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, what you'd see -- look, and I hate to forecast, but the rational response would be you only take risk to the extent you're comfortable with the net exposure on your balance sheet or the limited amount of reinsurance you can buy in the traditional reinsurance market. And that will be based on what they're comfortable just simply holding on their balance sheet. And that tail grows very quickly when you think of concentrations of economic exposure in a geographic area.
Helen Wilson: That's all the time we have this morning. So thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we look to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for joining, and have a nice day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson Evan G. Greenberg - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Philip V. Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Sean Ringsted - Chief Actuary and Chief Risk Officer Brian E. Dowd - Former Member of The Office of The Chairman and Vice Chairman John J. Lupica - Chairman of Insurance for North America, Chief Operating Officer of Insurance - North America, Chief Executive Officer of Ace Usa and President of Ace Usa John W. Keogh - Former Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P. Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the ACE Limited Fourth Quarter Year End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Helen Wilson: Thank you, and welcome to the ACE Limited December 31, 2012 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to company performance, guidance, premium growth and product mix, pricing and insurance market condition and acquisitions that have yet to close, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release and financial supplements, which are available on our website for information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live, and the webcast replay will be available for 1 month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we will take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan G. Greenberg: Good morning. ACE had a strong fourth quarter, which contributed to a very good year for the company. After-tax operating income for the year was $2.6 billion. It was up 13% from 2011, and per share book value grew 12% to almost $81. We finished the year with a very strong balance sheet, with total capital at $32.6 billion at December 31, and shareholder equity of $27.5 billion, both up over $3 billion for the year. I'm going to return to the full year in a moment, but let's first talk about the quarter. Even with the impact of Superstorm Sandy, the underlying strength and vitality of our business was evident in the quarter, as we produced good earnings, good premium revenue growth and an increase in book value per share. After-tax operating income was $492 million or $1.43 per share. Combined ratio for the quarter was 105.5%, which included $400 million in after-tax catastrophe losses, essentially all from Sandy and the reserve charge for Brandywine. The x cat [excluding catastrophe] accident year combined ratio was 91.4%, about 0.5 point improvement over prior year. And if you exclude crop insurance, which broke even in the quarter as expected, the x cat current accident year combined ratio was a 2-point improvement over prior year. Net premiums in the quarter on a constant-dollar basis grew only 1%. Excluding crop, net premiums grew over 7%, with growth once again coming predominantly from the U.S., Asia and Latin America. For example, net premiums in the quarter in our retail insurance business in the U.S. and internationally grew 9% and 11%, respectively, while on the wholesale E&S side, North America was up 7.5% while ACE Global Markets in London was essentially flat. Book value per share grew about 2%, and our operating ROE for the quarter was 8%, not bad, all considered. As I said, we took a reserve charge related to A&E and other run-off business of $140 million pretax, which netted against our positive prior period reserve development. In the quarter, we also had a reduction to our tax liability reserve, which reduced a positive impact to operating income of $120 million. Phil will provide more details on these items. Returning to our full year performance, which I think is more meaningful than 1 quarter's results, net operating income for the year included strong contributions from both underwriting and investment income. For the year, we produced $1.2 billion in underwriting income, an increase of 11% over prior year and a very strong underwriting performance. Combined ratio was 93.9%, down almost 1 point from prior year, and yet, this included the worst drought conditions in the U.S. in 25 years and Superstorm Sandy. Our x cat current accident year combined ratio was 92.7%. The excellent underlying underwriting performance of the company reflects an improved price environment in the U.S.; our large and growing business around the globe, in Asia, Latin America and Europe; our unique and balanced product spread between commercial P&C, specialty P&C, A&H, personal lines and life; and finally, a continuing focus on improved portfolio management and data analytics that complement a strong underwriting culture. For the year, all of these dynamics contributed to a constant-dollar premium growth rate of 6%. We took advantage of growth opportunities globally where we found them. We also produced $2.2 billion of investment income for the year, down less than 3% from prior year. While clearly under pressure, considering the interest rate environment in which we operate, this a good result, reflecting thoughtful portfolio construction that is balanced between yield and risk. Finally, our operating ROE for the year was 11%, a very good return on capital in my judgment given the events of the year. And at the same time, we continued deploying capital accretively to acquisitions that improve our capabilities and growth prospects for the future. I'll come back to that subject in a moment. Concerning premium growth, our commercial and specialty P&C business globally grew 6% in constant dollars during the year, with net premiums up 9% in U.S. commercial and double digit in Asia and Latin America, while Europe was up modest single digit and crop was down 15%. Our A&H insurance business grew over 3.5% globally in constant dollars. And I fully expect that growth to continue to pick up throughout '13. Internationally, A&H was up over 8%, led by double-digit results in Asia and Latin America, while the combined was down 2% but flat in the fourth quarter as projected. And I expect this business will return to publish growth towards the latter part of '13. Overall, A&H earnings were up over 10% for the year. Personal lines globally was up almost 15% in constant dollars, with gross premiums now approaching $2 billion, including our recent acquisitions in Mexico and Indonesia. Our international life insurance business was up 14% and passed a major milestone in '12 by contributing positively, though modestly, to earnings for the first time. And finally, our global re [reinsurance] division again produced exceptional results with a combined ratio of 77.5%, reflecting superior underwriting discipline and risk selection even with the impact of Sandy. Let me say a few words about the current market environment. Our commercial P&C business in the U.S. continued to benefit in the quarter from an improving price environment where we are now achieving rate-on-rate increases for the second quarter in a row, and I firmly expect this to continue. Overall, North American pricing was up almost 4% in the quarter, with retail up 3.6% and wholesale up 6.4%. Price increases were more broad based than past quarters, with more lines of business achieving positive rate. Some examples include property up 6%, D&O [ph] up 7%, casualty risk management up almost 4.5%, our strongest quarter in a number of years, and excess casualty up over 5% in U.S. retail and almost 8% in our Bermuda high excess book. As I said last quarter, we expect the pattern of price increases in the U.S., which were being driven by the larger and more sophisticated underwriters, to continue in a reasonably orderly fashion for the foreseeable future. More stressed casualty-related lines, which are still well underpriced overall, will continue to receive larger levels of price increases, while less severely stressed lines should continue to move up more modestly. Property pricing will likely flatten out as the year progresses, that's natural. As with any large market, we still have areas of business where prices continue to be under pressure as companies chase market share using inadequate rates. Internationally, pricing was about the same as the third quarter, with rates flat in retail and up single-digit in selected wholesale lines such as property, financial lines and energy. International markets are competitive as many companies chase share without regard to adequate returns. Our premium renewal retention rate for the quarter in the U.S. Retail business was over 97%, that's on a premium basis, with account retention at 83.5%. New business writings in U.S. Retail were up 10% in the quarter and 44% for the year. We are taking advantage of the opportunity from an improved market. Both our retention rates and new business activity are benefiting from our sustained emphasis on portfolio management and data analytics, which are continuously improving our decision-making insights into risk selection and ultimately, our underwriting profitability. From what I see today, I am more bullish about the pricing environment in the U.S. than I have been for some time. In fact, property aside, the level of rate increases we received in the fourth quarter, which has continued into the first quarter, is the best we have seen in a number of years. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions and pricing. Finally, during the year, we committed or deployed $1.25 billion in capital to acquisitions in growth regions of the world that enhance our growth and diversification strategies. Our 2 Mexican acquisitions are on track to close between the first and second quarters. In fact, I recently returned from a trip to Mexico, and I can say that we are more excited about the quality and potential of these 2 fine companies today than at the time we announced our intent to acquire. Their income generation potential is likely even greater than we had first imagined. In summary, ACE had an excellent '12. Our operating income, book value and premium revenue growth and ROE are all top tier. Today, we are more diversified, more capable insurer in a small class of truly global insurers, with a clear strategy, the people, the balance sheet, the product, expertise and geography to execute. I am frankly more optimistic today about our prospects for growth in revenue and underwriting income as we enter '13 than I have been at this point in time in a number of years, all things being equal, and remember, we're in the risk business. With that, I'll turn the call over to Phil.
Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet continued to grow stronger in the fourth quarter, and we finished the year with a strong capital position. Tangible book value grew by 2.7% for the quarter and 15.5% for the year. Our cash and invested assets grew $4.6 billion or 8% this year to over $60 billion. Excluding unrealized gains, the growth was $3.7 billion. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1 billion and was $4 billion for the year. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $200 million and included $170 million realized gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Investment income for the quarter was $567 million, which included $42 million of higher-than-expected private equity and other distributions, as well as the income benefit of an insurance contract classified as a deposit. Current new money rates are 2.3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. And our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $520 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our net loss reserves were up $780 million or 3.1% for the year. Our paid-to-incurred ratio was 119% for the fourth quarter. When we normalize the fourth quarter ratio for crop loss payments and cat loss activity, the ratio is 86%. Cat losses were $400 million after tax in the quarter and included $390 million related to Sandy. This comprised losses of $290 million from commercial insurance lines and $100 million from personal lines. Approximately $300 million of the loss was from our insurance business, and $90 million was from our reinsurance business. Evan mentioned the reserve strengthening during the quarter related to A&E and other runoff totaled $140 million pretax or $90 million after tax. This included $91 million for asbestos, $27 million for environmental and $22 million for other pre-'99 legacy runoff liabilities. This was offset by favorable development of $177 million on other lines of business, resulting in net positive prior period reserve development of $37 million. About 60% of the positive development was from short-tail lines, with 40% coming from long-tail lines, primarily from accident years 2007 and prior. Our crop insurance results for the fourth quarter included no net profit or loss, in line with our guidance last quarter. Crop net written premiums for the quarter were down $200 million versus last year, principally due to an increase in our premium sessions to the U.S. government as a result of the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula. Our unusually low tax rate for the quarter was favorably impacted predominantly by $120 million benefit resulting from the resolution of various prior year tax matters with the IRS. In December, we issued updated 2012 guidance in connection with our release on preliminary Sandy estimates. Our actual results were better than indicated, principally due to an improvement in investment income, our current accident year underwriting result and the net difference between the A&E charge and the tax benefit we realized. Our press release issued last night included our guidance for 2013. Our range is $6.60 to $7 in after-tax operating income per share for the 2013 accident year. This includes cat losses of $395 million after tax. The guidance is for the current accident year only and includes no assumption for prior period development. While we're not going to give a full worksheet on our guidance, given cats and an investment income run rate, I'll talk about some themes in the 2013 guidance compared to our 2012 guidance and our 2012 actual results. First, we expect substantially higher underwriting income. We expect lower investment income as we have already told you, and a higher year current accident year tax rate due to higher underwriting in the U.S. Obviously, compared to actual 2012, we don't expect a tax settlement. And finally, a couple of smaller items. While we expect our recent acquisitions to be accretive in the first year, in 2013, we only have a partial year depending on when they close, and we have higher purchase accounting intangible amortization. Also, we expect a negative FX impact relative to the 2012 guidance. And I'll turn it back to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. And now, we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Evan, on the -- with the rate increases lapping each other now, getting P&C rate increases on top of fire [ph] rate increases, to what extent do you think underlying underwriting margins could improve?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, Jay. I think they can improve is the short answer, but let me expand on it a little. First of all, we have a very good current accident year combined ratio, as you know. Take away crop, I think it's its own market, it's a separate business. When you're looking at commercial retail, wholesale business, you're better off without that. We have a very good current accident year x crop relative to most of the industry. Pricing and underwriting selection has contributed to date to a modest expansion in margin. And the trend is increasing towards margin -- further margin expansion, and I think that will happen. As important, or more important, pricing has contributed to our ability to write a substantial amount of new business across a broad set of products at relatively higher rates than our renewals, at a 109-plus percent adequacy versus renewals. And so I do see some margin expansion, but I also see how it is contributing to growth. And from what we see, looking at the first quarter right now, pricing is as good. It's very early days, but in January, pricing was as good or better than we saw even in December, which was the best month of the quarter. And that's contributing to us writing substantial amount of new business. I think growth rates going forward are going to look pretty good, too.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Then I just have a couple of quick follow-ups for Phil. You said that the investment income run rate is around $520 million. That will be down pretty meaningfully from $567 million in the fourth quarter, so I just -- I didn't know if that included some onetime investment gains or an FX benefit? What's the difference?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, as we said in our press release, we had additional private equity distributions in excess of what we would've expected. And we also had a onetime benefit from a contract, an insurance contract, that is considered a deposit. So the development on that contract was included in investment income. So as we said in the press release, we had about $42 million of income beyond what we would've expected, which gave us a run rate last quarter of about 5.25.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So the investment income decline in 2013, probably could be more than being down 3% in 2012, right?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. Well, yes. What I've said is, I think our investment income for the year was $2,180,000,000. And I think if you multiply that $520 million out as a run rate, you come down about $100 million pretax.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay. And then, on the tax rate, Phil, I mean, in the past, you've sort of looked at the 18% range as a baseline, given what happened...
Philip V. Bancroft: Right. It was lower in this quarter obviously because of the $121 million. But also, if you even back out the $121 million, as you know, it's lower than that run rate. And it's principally because of where the prior period development and the cat losses fell.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So for 2013, what should we plug in, initially?
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, we haven't -- we really haven't given you a worksheet on that, but it has been running in the 16%, 17% range.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And in your commentary, you said it could be higher. So I'm just thinking, is that 16%, 17% the right starting point?
Philip V. Bancroft: Just to be specific, I was talking about higher than we had actual in 2012.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So we'll start with 16% or 17%.
Philip V. Bancroft: Okay, I would -- that's okay.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So if I think about the 2013 versus 2012 guidance and if we strip out reserve changes, the 2013 guidance doesn't seem to imply any earnings growth on a year-over-year basis. And Phil, I know you mentioned a bunch of a negative items: higher tax rate, higher amortization expense, negative FX impact. So if we add up all those items, how much impact do you expect them to have in 2013 versus the old guidance?
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, I've given you -- we've given you our guidance that has a midpoint of 6.8, right? So, I mean, that's the implied -- that's our implied estimate.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And so -- but you're not able to kind of quantify all those kind of items that you mentioned in how they -- do those have a 5%, 6%, 7% impact versus -- I know last year's guidance was 6.85 the midpoint, I believe. So I'm kind of thinking, if we're bullish on -- we're clearly bullish on rate increases in the U.S., the Europe is a question mark, we could talk about. I'm just -- so you're expecting higher underwriting margins. I'm just trying to figure out what I'm missing in terms of why the midpoint isn't going higher.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So -- this is Evan. First of all, yes, we have -- I'm going to say a few things about it. We have -- we don't give a worksheet, so we're giving you a thematic color around it. We only give guidance on a per share basis, and we're not going down that rabbit hole, that's going to give you more than we gave you on investment income or talking about tax rate or any of that. What we've also done though, is we've talked a bit about how we see pricing and revenue and margin, and we've told you that we expect underwriting income to grow substantially. And that's going to happen predominantly growth and some margin. And so -- then the rest is an offsetting. But then let me add a little more color to the guidance because frankly, at the end of the day, it's your results that count. And we've produced pretty good results. The guidance is created -- so I'll give you a little more window into it for -- because you're not the only one who's imagining this question. Guidance is created in December as part of our budget process that we go through. Most of the data, particularly around pricing and that, is third quarter and maybe a very early fourth quarter base. But it's really fundamentally third quarter base data. From what I know now, we're biasing towards the upper end of the guidance range. That's what I see, pricing is better, growth looks good and the acquisitions may produce -- it'll be modest, may produce a modestly better results. And so when I add all that up, I think we bias towards the upper end of it. Now we're in the -- it's early days, it's early in the year, and we'll see how the actual turns out. But I am more bullish than I have been in some time.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And as a final follow-up, as we all know, crop is a unique business line. From what I've been kind of seeing, I guess drought conditions last winter have persisted and the soil conditions are somewhat poor in the U.S. currently. So does that kind of change your expectations or positioning for the 2013 crop year?
Evan G. Greenberg: I will tell you this. In our guidance, we use a normal -- we use what we consider to be a normal crop year. We did it -- we've talked in the past about how we think about our selected when we look forward in a year, which is based on a 10-year average. It would include, therefore, '12's poor year, and in that average, we did the same thing. And if you say soil conditions, I want to remind you of something, that up until mid June last year, it looked like based on soil conditions and moisture and temperature, it looked like we were going to have the best crop year in many, many years. So if any one has figured out a way of predicting future growing conditions, I'm all ears and listening, and by the way, you're in the wrong business.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One question I had is just internally, how much opportunity do you have for capital deployment, whether it's in international, on the personal line side? And is there some information you can share with us in terms of what you expect to see from that sort of organic growth in terms of investing internally? And just one follow-up.
Evan G. Greenberg: We don't give growth guidance. We do see -- I think we have been delivering. We told you that '12, you take away crop and so you really look at the intrinsic business globally. Beyond that -- and we grew over 7%, so we're deploying capital in growth organically. And I expect that, that kind of trend of growth rate, from what I see right now and how the year is starting, it's starting that stronger, stronger. And so we see a lot of opportunity, which we have talked about quite a bit, in the U.S., in Asia and Latin America and in more secondary parts of the world to continue to grow our business. And that -- and we have the capital, and more importantly, we have the capability and the people and the presence to manage that capital, we think, in a profitable growth way.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, great. And then, what sort of loss trend are you assuming? You said that you're seeing rate kind of 4-ish percent now in terms of the impact that, that rate will have on margins as you look out. What are you assuming on the loss side? And what sort of trends are you seeing there that get you comfortable that, that 4% or wherever that ends up will translate to further margin expansion?
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm going to ask Sean Ringsted, our Chief Actuary, and I can guarantee you, the smartest guy in the room we are all sitting in, to answer that question.
Sean Ringsted: Mike, it's Sean. It really depends on the type of class that you're looking at when you're writing international primary through to the U.S. excess. So we'll -- while you might want to think about an average loss trend for the more risky, higher volatile type casualty layers, we could be using loss trends of anywhere up to 9%, 10%, 11%. So you really want to think about it in a -- by class. Obviously, where we've seen the margin expansion, to Evan's comments earlier, have been predominantly sort of on the primary casualty type class is where you've got that lower loss trend.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So when you say that you're seeing -- so if you look at a granular level, Sean, if -- are you seeing rate on a written basis or an earned basis in excess of loss trend more often than not, or...
Sean Ringsted: That's right, on a written basis.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On a written basis, okay. And you're saying you're seeing that more often than not at the granular level at this point?
Sean Ringsted: Well, I took your comment on the more often than not to be we're seeing it more often on the written basis than on the earned basis. So until you see the acceleration, that will obviously grow into the -- in an unearned basis.
Evan G. Greenberg: To say it in one sentence, as I said before, we are seeing what has come through so far is a modest expansion to margin from rate. I add in underwriting selection, and that improves margin expansion and the substantial dividend of being able to write a lot more new business and at better pricing. We see pricing accelerating. It's -- the rate of increases is increasing and has been. And so we're seeing better pricing now. And that should bode, all things being equal, that should bode well for future margins.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And one last one. I know you spent a lot of time in this release talking about crop. I mean, at some point, would you consider breaking out crop? I know we talked about this all the time. But last year being obviously a big divergence between that and your non-crop business, I just would love if you'd take that into consideration at some point.
Evan G. Greenberg: We are. We're thinking about that. We're mulling that over as to whether it's just not better to break crop out completely. And we're thinking about that.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to, again, pursue the guidance discussion. I think you mentioned you feel better at the upper end. So I'll take sort of the upper half of the guidance and call it 6.90, just because that's the upper -- midpoint of the upper half of the guidance. If I look at the 5-year reserve development, it's usually -- historically, you've added $1 or more to earnings, so we're up high 7s or 8. But still, the starting point is the lowest ROE of the corporation in -- since before you got there. So I'm sort of wondering, and I think we all are, is what's breaking so hard to the negative that's causing the base case to be so conservative. I just can't -- I view, I guess, '12 as kind of a trough year in ROE based on what occurred in the year. And I can't see how this year is going to be worse.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So look, here is what you're -- I mean, let's just -- I don't think it's that complicated. But let me add a little color. First of all, when you say ROE, frankly, from our work and with all due respect, I think, we have probably the best insight into our numbers. We'd see the current accident year ROE closer to 10%, in the mid-9.5% plus range, to begin with. And I'd start with that, number one. Number two, revenue growth and pricing and mix of business globally will contribute to substantially more underwriting income. And so when you think of trough year, we see real growth in our business that way. Offsetting that, you do have a decline in investment income because you have a decline in interest rates on a portfolio basis that comes in. You can hardly call '12 trough year for that for the industry, let alone, ACE. ACE is not -- I don't single ACE out on that. And then, as Phil said to you there is, fundamentally, there is a tax rate benefit on the current accident year rate. There is a tax benefit -- there's a rate differential between '12 and '13 that we imagine. And that's what's -- that's offsetting. Both of those things are offsetting. There's a little bit -- not really FX, there's a little bit from, and on a second order of magnitude, from purchase accounting. So other income becomes a little more negative because of purchase accounting on the acquisitions. That was all imagined when we did the acquisitions and said they'll be accretive to begin with. So that's really how we get there. Now you say ROE. We have published a double-digit ROE for quite some time. And based on what I know now, if things develop as they are currently, and no one knows with certainty, I believe we will continue that record of double-digit ROE in 2013.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's very clear. And on the amortization side, have you given an exact figure there like you do with cats in terms of just what it's -- what you're anticipating the year to be?
Philip V. Bancroft: We haven't done that, but what we have said is that you would expect in the early 12 to 18 months of an acquisition, the amortization will be much higher. So we have said in the acquisitions that while they're certainly accretive initially, they become more accretive as that amortization occurs and goes away.
Evan G. Greenberg: And the much higher is relative to those acquisitions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes.
Evan G. Greenberg: And that's a second order of magnitude, going back again, really investment income and taxes.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then finally is just on the capital structure, debt to cap is as low as it's ever been or as low as it's been in a long time. Any -- will you be financing the deals with debt? How do you think about that given that obviously it's a drag on the investment income side, so interest rates are very, very low?
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm going to let Phil answer that.
Philip V. Bancroft: I wouldn't expect that we would add any additional capital to finance acquisitions. We have been thinking about prefunding some of our debt, and so we'll consider that. But I wouldn't expect us to increase our leverage at the present time.
Operator: And we'll move on to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm going to try and avoid mentioning the word guidance, too many questions. But I do want to talk about the idea of investment income going down and underwriting income going up. And does that mean that given that your outlook so far is sort of where it was a year ago, that those 2 items are in equilibrium? And then the question would be when do you see that the pace of underwriting gain starts offsetting the pace of investment income decline?
Evan G. Greenberg: Josh, I think based on the way we just answered the question before, we did not see investment income decline -- or underwriting income growth offset by simply investment income decline. I think we just went through the worst...
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I understand there are taxes involved or taxes are part of the basis pricing in there, I would assume, as well.
Evan G. Greenberg: We talked about -- we just talked about tax and other items, so I think we've answered that question.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, then more of something into 2014, is there an inflection point where all these items, where you see underwriting becoming more a dominant source of income versus these offsets that you would expect, given the trends right now? Because you've written given that's happened a year before premium is earned. Would you expect 1 year from today to have a substantially different situation given that maybe taxes and investment income are more predictable than underwriting results are per se?
Evan G. Greenberg: Josh, we gave guidance for '13. We're not giving any guidance or any indications about '14. We'll see how it plays out.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Evan, you talked about how the improving rate environment is going to provide opportunities for new business. How should we think about that impacting the ratio of net to gross written premiums?
Evan G. Greenberg: Not much change in net to gross. I think you ought to imagine that -- look, it's steady, we can't get -- we do the best as we can estimating in our budgets from what net to gross will do. But it bounces around within a point or 2, generally from year-to-year. And when we -- it's a big organization and when you add it all up though, any one line that has a higher net to gross, you might be writing a lot more of that, relative when you throw it in to the pot with everything else, it bounces around within a point or 2.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I think this is probably a question for Phil. If we look -- if we calculate the corporate administrative expenses, it was up pretty significantly from the year-to-date run rate. Was there anything unique in the fourth quarter for that?
Philip V. Bancroft: If I look at overall P&C expense ratio and we adjust it for crop, it would actually be down about 1.3 points. You're talking about just the corporate expense, I'm sorry?
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'm just looking on the corporate side.
Philip V. Bancroft: We just had some share compensation increases that are just a timing issue. We wouldn't expect that to be recurring.
Operator: And we'll move on to Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, just can you talk a little bit about the Life segment at this point? And in particular, there's been a business shift ongoing obviously on a new business basis since '07, but I'm just -- and you've rolled in some acquisitions the last couple of years. I'd just be curious how we should think about that part of your business progressing over the next couple of years? And in particular, just curious how that kind of change in mix kind of affects the differences in margin structures, things like that, as well as growth rates?
Philip V. Bancroft: So what we saw in this quarter, for example, is that the overall Life operating income was down about $5 billion. That was affected by a decline in the Life reinsurance book, that's partially because of the runoff and partially because of a smaller reserve strengthening in the Life runoff book. Excluding the runoff, our income is up $5 million. I think Evan mentioned that was a breakthrough to contribution. So we would expect that as the runoff slows and the international Life grows, that we would see an improvement.
Evan G. Greenberg: Let me add to that. The Life -- there's 3 pieces in there, in that division. There's combined North America, there is -- where margins are steady, and it's about growth. And that business, I think on a published basis in the latter part of '13, begins to show growth. And that ought to, then as you go forward when you're thinking out the next few years, that will contribute to growth in that division. Number two, the life insurance business, which is the international life business, Asia predominantly and Latin America. That produced modest income this year, in '12. It was running negative up until then. So we're now -- it's now starting to contribute, it takes years to build it. And I think in '13, it's going to produce modest income. I think in '14 and on is when it should begin to produce more steady growth in income. So those are 2 positives. Offsetting that, we will have for -- and it will happen for a period of time, number of years, the Life re will run off. And as the Life re runs off, year-by-year, it will produce less income than it produced. So when I look out over the next couple of years, and thank you for not asking it on a quarter basis, when I look out for the next couple of years, I see a pattern of the combined in North America growing in income, I see the Life insurance growing in income, and I see the Life re declining in income, which frankly for the company over a longer term, that's a good thing.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is it -- and are we starting to hit -- I guess, based on the way you laid that out, I mean, it's probably -- I mean are we hitting an inflection point where the combined, if it starts growing, and the international piece are starting to offset the runoff piece, or is that's a transitioning that's happening over the next...
Evan G. Greenberg: That's a transitioning that's happening, and I wouldn't look for that right away. I -- the way I think of it, because Life is such a long-term business, I think of it in my own mind, '13, '14, I'm seeing those more as inflection point, and then it begins to emerge in a more substantial way. Because I expect life insurance earnings to actually accelerate over time. When I look at 5 years of this, I see an acceleration in Life that begins to occur in life insurance. Okay?
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, that's very helpful. And then Phil, just on the A&E increase, does any of that count towards the excess of loss agreement with Century? And I was curious if there's any impact on the surplus requirement of that arrangement, too?
Brian E. Dowd: Sure. Actually, this is Brian Dowd. For sure, anytime we increase reserves and change the structure, it has an impact to the XOL. No change to the capital, we're at the capital requirement for the runoff operations, so no change to capital. The current XOL usage, I think it will be estimated around $421 million after the charge and the gains with the exhaustion of the NICO contract.
Operator: And Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill will have our next question.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to ask what I think may end up being an accounting question. These acquisitions you're making, you're seeing the amortizations sort of hit first and I hear that. But I'm curious as to what exactly the amortization is, it's not goodwill? Is it DAT [ph] that we're talking about that sort of comes in earlier than the revenues? So I'm just curious. And is it a little bit different given the components of the acquisitions that you've made recently versus stuff that we've seen in the past?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, it depends on the nature of the acquisition. But for the P&C acquisitions that we've done, it's generally intangibles that we're required to establish that relate to aspects of the business, the in-force business that get amortized over a relatively short period of time. So that's in contrast to some of the other businesses, like the combined that had much longer tail amortization on the longer term intangibles.
Evan G. Greenberg: Paul, the accounting is prescriptive. That's all -- I mean you don't really have a choice of it. So some intangibles are goodwill. And they don't get amortized, that's what it is. And then the balance of them, you must amortize them as prescribed.
Philip V. Bancroft: And the bulk of them get amortized pretty quickly, so that's why we say, the first 12 to 18 months have more amortization built in than the subsequent periods.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: What would be an example of that -- of those intangible assets? Customer list or stuff like that?
Philip V. Bancroft: On our premium customer list, those type of...
Evan G. Greenberg: Customer list sales force, they attribute a value to all those assets. You got a sales force? They attribute a value to that. And you got to amortize it over a period of time, they'll tell you it's got a shelf life.
Operator: And we'll move on to the Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. The first is you talked about in the fourth quarter having the investment income benefit by about $42 million because of the issues that you cited. Is there a similar number for the year? Were there other issues during the year that inflated or deflated the investment income relative to what you might expect normally?
Philip V. Bancroft: No, there really haven't been. If you look at the PE distributions, for example, the private equity distributions in the fourth quarter, they were substantially more than the combination of the first 3 quarters. So we had been expecting, call it, $7 million a quarter for the first 3 quarters, and that's about what we had. And then, in the fourth quarter, we had $29 million. It was just an acceleration that we didn't anticipate.
Evan G. Greenberg: Jay, we estimate reasonably conservatively about PE distributions. You can't -- they're lumpy, you can't guess them with any certainty. So we don't try to game it, we just come up with what we think conservatively, as you can imagine, and then past that, it is what it is. In this environment right now, as equity markets have risen, there's more -- and with the specter of tax rates going up, there was an acceleration, there was more activity.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And then the second question, on this call last year, you guys talked about the drag on your ROE that excess capital, in your view, is having. And I'm wondering if you could update us on your thinking on that number?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's roughly -- it's in the same range, it's about 1.7 points on the ROE.
Operator: And we'll move on to Thomas Mitchell with Miller and Tabak.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: My first question really is asking you to sort of put on the sort of the same hat that we wear, not with respect to ACE in particular. But if you're thinking about investing in a business, a property and casualty insurance business, the question I have is would you pay more for a business that has more underwriting income and less investment income on average as a multiple of, say, book or of earnings? And would you pay more for a business that has increased franchise growth as opposed to increased nonorganic growth? And just as a concept in how you would look at evaluation, if you were evaluating a potential acquisition, say?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. No problem. Here's how I would look at it. I would look at it and say, now, let's see, you're bringing me a company that produces a double-digit ROE and has compounded its wealth growth to shareholders at 12%. So I'm going to look at its track record first. And when I look at that, and then I say, now tell me what the company is trading at. And the company is trading at just over book value and producing that kind of ROE and that kind of book value growth, and -- you got my attention immediately. Then what I look at is I look at -- now tell me about how the earnings, how does that company make its money? And what's the growth potential of that company? Is it a franchise or was it just a flash in the pan? Do I think it has an enduring quality? And do I believe over a reasonable period of time that it has a growth trajectory to it, and that it continues to? I don't look at, by the way, acquisitions on a quarter basis or a half year basis or even a 1-year basis. I look at them over a period of time because it's permanent. And then -- and so I would look at that franchise growth value. And then I'd look at its quality of earnings as well, I'd say, wow, does the company -- the company has 2 sources of income if it's an insurance company, and that's all we buy. So I'd be looking at does it have good underwriting income generation and a margin on its basic business. Does it know its basic business, and can I trust it knows how to navigate its market? And so a good combined ratio is very important to me, and then I look at the balance between investment income and underwriting income. And well, I'll use ACE as an example, I look at the balance between underwriting income and investment income and I look at that combined ratio, and I say, it's pretty darn good. Then I look at its current franchise and what is the capability within that franchise, where are the opportunities. And so that's how I think about its future growth potential then. And finally, I look at its people. So when I add all of that up, I don't know, that's how I think about an acquisition. And if I was in your shoes, that smells pretty good about ACE.
Thomas Spikes Mitchell - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: That's a very good answer. Now my second question is less up in the air, but one of the things, and I'm not going to -- it really doesn't have much to do with guidance as it has to do with trends. Especially in the U.S., it strikes me that between risk selection and rate, there may or may not be some exposure growth going on. And I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how you see exposure growth developing in the U.S. and North America, generally?
Evan G. Greenberg: There is exposure growth going on, you got it. And we've always said it, and you actually hit the most important point in, frankly, how we manage the company. We think less about premium growth and to manage a P&C company, you're thinking about exposure growth and price to exposure and accumulations of exposure, so that you have the right balance on your balance sheet that you're exposing. We are growing exposure. We're growing exposure, and that reflects itself in the new business we're writing. It also reflects in the clients that we have, who are expanding their business, and as their business grows, we get premium because we've got a price increase, and we've got a price increase against the current exposure and their projected exposure that grows. But new business, our new business is up 44% for the year in North America. That, right there, is exposure growth. And that is offset by exposure reduction, which is on your renewal ratio. And then the 2 together, minus price, is the revenue growth you got, and that's a pretty good proxy for exposure. So exposure is growing, just what you want from an underwriting company when they see pricing is going to produce a positive underwriting margin.
Operator: And we'll move on to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions here for you. First one, Evan, with pricing that we're seeing in the U.S., any firming in terms and conditions as well there?
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm going to let John Lupica answer that question.
John J. Lupica: Yes, thank you, Evan. No real dramatic change in terms and conditions. It's been modest and on the fringes. We are seeing a little bit of higher deductible in rate, in coastal and wind-exposed areas as a result of the superstorm. Early days, the end of the quarter and the beginning of the year are thinly traded for the property market. And time will tell as we get into the meat of the property trading arena, which is around late first quarter, middle of second quarter.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then, Evan, second question is, given the current interest rate environment, looking at the North American casualty business, what's an appropriate return on capital for that business?
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, it's the right question, it's what can you earn right now. And the way I think about it is this, and we've said this many times, but it's a good time to think about it again. For us, our natural governor is on an underwriting profit, okay? If you can't earn an underwriting profit in the basic business for all the reasons we could talk about, but that's our redline, then you have to walk away. So it's -- then we say to ourselves, "What kind of return is that producing?" We actually aren't saying, you've got to get this ROE at this moment in time. We say, over the cycle we intend to earn 15%, and we've been pretty good at doing that. But at a moment like this, if you put -- if you take the current interest rates and you take an underwriting profit and you say in the casualty lines, you're running in the 95% or the 96% range, all in, maybe a little lower but bouncing around that, just picking a number, you're going to produce a single-digit ROE at the current interest rates. But you're producing a positive underwriting return, and that's the way we think about it. That's how you then blend with all lines of business to this sort of 9.5-plus percent ROE for current accident year only. And we generally -- because we think it's the right way to run, we're prudent and conservative of how we think about reserving. And which generally, at least to date, has resulted in future years, the current accident year has produced more margin, which you then add to your 9.5, and that's how you get at that double-digit and that is adequate to us.
Operator: And we'll move on to the Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: 2 quick questions. The first one for Phil. Phil, on the amortization of intangibles, could you help us understand [Audio Gap] so what the impact is on this year that's on '13, and what the impact will be on '14?
Philip V. Bancroft: So we're not going to talk about the specific results from the acquisitions. But what I can tell you is, as Evan said, as I said earlier, the acquisitions are accretive in the first year. But first of all, because the acquisitions are occurring during the year, we're not going to have a full year worth of income, and we're going to have that result that I talked about where we're going to have high amortization in that first 12 to 18 months. So you're not going to see as high accretion in the first year as we are in subsequent periods. But we haven't disclosed separately what the accretion is going to be for any of the acquisitions.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean just putting some numbers around this year versus next year would be helpful, just because we know how much of a drag that will have. The...
Evan G. Greenberg: Vinay, it's up a second order of magnitude.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right. Fair enough, fair enough. The second question is for Evan. You mentioned double-digit ROE, 10.5% ROE, so is that x AOCI or are you talking about all-in book?
Evan G. Greenberg: It's x AOCI.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right, that's fair. And the last question, if I may. On the crop insurance, last year was negatively impacted by around $0.57 per share. Evan, I think you mentioned that you averaged all years including last year. So would it be fair to assume that you've not taken back the entire $0.57 per share for this year's guidance?
Evan G. Greenberg: Go ahead, Brian.
Brian E. Dowd: I would say, Vinay, we would -- our loss ratio, because it's a 1 year added to the 10, modestly went up. So if you just did a complete year-over-year, it would be modestly lower than the run rate from the prior year. But only it's really at a 1 average quarter in.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, it's modest.
Sean Ringsted: It's a modest change. Change down, obviously.
Operator: And we'll move on to Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I have a couple of follow-ups. The first, if I can offer a comment on guidance, which is I kind of wonder if guidance has outlived its usefulness for you guys. It seems every year at this time, it causes confusion or at least more years than not, it does.
Evan G. Greenberg: I love you, Ian. Everyone here is cheering, because we've said that to ourselves, too, it's, "My God, why are we doing guidance?"
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I'm happy to have a further conversation offline if you want to get into it. But I just offer that as advice. It just -- I can pick it 10 different ways, too. But it seems the theme of the call today should have been your optimism on the operating environment, and instead, all the questions are about guidance and the stock reaction, which is frustrating. So my quick questions, I know we're getting late, is just can you clarify, I guess, when you were talking about the Life business earlier, can you give us a sense of how much of the operating income percentage-wise is Life reinsurance, even ballpark, just so we can try to model that a little bit better?
Philip V. Bancroft: I don't have that in my head.
Evan G. Greenberg: Ian, we'll take it offline, I'll get it for you.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Okay, perfect. And then the other one, Phil, the crop adjustment, the crop being down year-over-year due to the adjusted sessions to the government, was that in relation to the main planting season? Or was that just for the winter wheat sessions being different?
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, it really doesn't have anything to do with the winter wheat. It really is adjusting to the gain-loss formulas with the government. So in years where you make money or lose money on a state-by-state basis, you change the session to the premium to the government. So it's entirely related to the 2012 accident year crop result.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's a retrospective adjustment.
Philip V. Bancroft: It doesn't impact earnings. It's just how the loss-gain mechanism relates to the premium.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Got it, great. And then my last one real quick is given all the questions about the amortization, is it possible you can put a little schedule on the K? I know a lot of other companies when they do acquisitions will put like a 3- or 5-year look forward on amortization schedule.
Philip V. Bancroft: It's in there already.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's in there. We won't look forward, but the actual results are included.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, you get that, right.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Just to represent the sell-side on the guidance issue, I would concur with Ian's thought on that. My question is on international property casualty. You mentioned it continues to lag North America in terms of pricing, and you mentioned that there are still some players chasing business. Can you just give us some thoughts on your outlook for that? I mean, is there any hope that, that might turn the corner and follow the path of the U.S. a bit?
Evan G. Greenberg: The only place I see that is really in the U.K. right now. The continent is languishing relatively flat, and I'm going to let -- and I don't see it in Latin America or in Asia. I'm going to let John talk about it, maybe to give you a little more color on U.K.
John W. Keogh: Larry, it's John Keogh. Just to pick up on what Evan said, yes, the U.K., we did start to see in the back half of last year some price improvement on casualty. We haven't seen some stabilization in property. But for the second half of last year in the U.K, I think similar to what we're seeing here in the U.S. where the market is recognizing an interest rate environment there, and the lack of it [ph] over the last few years, that there are markets, particularly the bigger more sophisticated markets, that are recognizing that in their pricing and personal [ph] rate increases. So we're starting to see some pickup [ph] there. Otherwise, the pricing for international markets around the globe, I would characterize throughout 2012 certainly in the fourth quarter and January this year has been relatively stable. And when you look at our region in our products, rates have been up or down 2 points consistently over the last 4 quarters, the exception being property. Last year, in property internationally on the back of the cats in Asia and Japan, we certainly saw rate increases on our property business and our retail property. And we continue to get those rate increases first and second quarter. And then again, third and fourth quarter, we got rate on rate. So property, I would say, is the exception in terms of the rate environment, internationally. But in terms of the catalyst or something I'd see in the year ahead or anything we're planning, maybe more importantly in our plans for international, we don't see a market change in the rate environment in the international markets for the year ahead.
Helen Wilson: All right. Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you, and good day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President and President of Commercial & Specialty Lines Dino E. Robusto - Executive Vice President and President of Personal Lines & Claims Richard G. Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Chubb Corporation's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team makes today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In their prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and related information is provided in the press release in the financial supplement for the third quarter of 2012, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through November 23, 2012. Those listening after October 25, 2012 should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnigan.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report that we had record operating income per share of $1.98 for the third quarter and a record $5.04 for the first 9 months. Our outstanding third quarter benefited from strong x cat underwriting results as well unusually low catastrophe losses. At the same time, we continued to achieve rate increases in all of our businesses. These positive factors were more than enough to offset the continuing effects of a challenging global economic environment and the impact of low interest rates. Third quarter operating income per share of $1.98 resulted in annualized operating ROE of 15.5%. The combined ratio for the quarter was 86.3% compared to 102.6% last year. Excluding cat, the combined ratio for the third quarter was 85.7% in 2012, 2.5 points better than the 88.2% in the last year's third quarter. Net income per share for the third quarter of 2012 was the same as operating income per share and annualized ROE for the quarter was 13.5%. Capital value per share at September 30 was $60.99, that's a 9% increase since year end 2011 and a 10% increase since September 30 a year ago. Our capital position is excellent and we continue to make good progress on our share repurchase program. Net written premiums for the third quarter are up 1%, driven by Chubb Personal and Chubb Commercial Insurance, which were up 3% and 2%, respectively. Relative CPI and CCI was partially offset by a 4% decline in Chubb Specialty premiums. Excluding the impact of currency translation, net written premiums for Chubb overall were up 3%. Given our strong results in the first 9 months and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we have raised our operating income per share guidance for the full year to a range of $6.70 to $6.80, which is an increase of $0.92 at the midpoint. Let me now turn it over to Paul who will discuss the performance of Chubb's Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations.
Paul J. Krump: Thanks, John. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, net written premiums for the third quarter were up 2% to $1.2 billion. Combined ratio was 87.2% versus 101.1% in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's third quarter combined ratio was 87% compared to 89.9% in the third quarter of 2011. We are pleased that CCI's average U.S. renewal rate in the third quarter increased by 8%, which is the sixth consecutive quarter of rate increases for CCI. This compares to the 9% we obtained in this year's second quarter, with a slight decline primarily attributable to small differences in the mix of business available for renewal in the third quarter. What is especially encouraging is the fact that this year's 8% is solid rate-on-rate as it comes on top of the 4% average rate increase we secured in the third quarter of 2011. CCI achieved U.S. renewal rate renewal increases in each line of business in the third quarter of 2012. Workers' compensation rates increased the most, with a low double-digit average, followed by Monoline property, general liability, package, excess umbrella, automobile, boiler and marine. Viewed from an account perspective, we continued to achieve broad-based pricing improvement, with some 90% of our renewals receiving rate increases in the third quarter, the same as in the second quarter. Let me now turn to CCI markets outside of the U.S., where market acceptance of higher rates continues to lag the United States. In Canada, average renewal rates were up by low single digits in the third quarter, which was down slightly from the second quarter. In Europe, average renewal rates were up by low single digits in the third quarter, matching what occurred in the second quarter of the year. CCI continued to obtain rate increases in Australia, along with some of our other markets in Asia. Average renewal rates in Latin America were flat in the third quarter. CCI's third quarter U.S. renewal retention was 84%, identical to the second quarter of this year. Continued strong renewal rate increases and solid retention aided CCI's quarterly premium growth, while new business was also up slightly. CCI's new-to-lost business ratio in the U.S. remained at 0.9:1 in the third quarter, identical to the second quarter of the year. Midterm endorsement and premium audits were slightly positive but did not have a significant impact on this quarter's growth, while renewal exposure change was slightly negative. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums declined 4% in the third quarter to $640 million and the combined ratio was 91.9% compared to 88.3% in the year earlier third quarter. For the professional liability portion of CSI, net written premiums were down 5% to $567 million and the combined ratio was 97%, slightly improved from the first 6 months when it was 98.2%. In the third quarter of 2011, the combined ratio for professional liability was 92.5%. We are pleased that average renewal rates for professional liability in the U.S. increased by 8% in the third quarter, continuing the positive momentum that began in the fourth quarter of last year. The 8% increase in the third quarter was the strongest quarterly renewal rate increase since 2003 and compares to a 7% increase in the second quarter of this year and negative 1% in the third quarter of 2011. In each of our professional liability lines of business in the United States, average renewal rates increased in the third quarter. Increases were led by a private company D&O, which experienced average rate increases in the mid teens, followed by EPL, crime, not-for-profit D&O, public D&O, E&O and fiduciary. In markets outside of the U.S., average renewal rates for professional liability improved modestly in the third quarter, with average increases in the low single digits. Renewal premium retention for professional liability in the third quarter was 82% in the U.S., identical to the second quarter. The new-to-lost business ratio for professional liability in the U.S. was 0.6:1 compared to 0.7:1 in the second quarter of the year. While professional liability submissions have increased, we remain steadfast in quoting prices to potential new customers that will earn an adequate return. As we discussed in last quarter's call we are willing to accept the decline in new professional liability business and overall growth as we reprofile the book for improved profitability. Regarding the surety portion of our CSI book, net written premiums in the third quarter were up 3% to $73 million and the combined ratio was 55.8%. And with that, I will turn it over to Dino, who will review our Personal lines results as well as corporate-wide claims.
Dino E. Robusto: Thanks, Paul. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 3% in the third quarter to $1.1 billion. CPI produced a combined ratio of 82.8% compared to 115.6% in the corresponding quarter last year. The impacts of catastrophes on CPI's third quarter was 1.5 points in 2012, whereas, last year, we had a third quarter catastrophe total of 28.5 points. On an x cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 81.3% in the third quarter of this year compared to 87.1% in the third quarter of 2011, reflecting continued strong underwriting performance across all geographies and product lines. Homeowners premiums grew 3% for the quarter and the combined ratio was 76.2% compared to 126.1% in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for only 2.4 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the third quarter of 2012 compared to 44.7 points in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding tax, the third quarter homeowners combined ratio was a very strong 73.8% in 2012, a 7.6-point improvement over the same period a year ago when it was 81.4%. Roughly half of the improvement in the x cat combined ratio reflects the fact that we had fewer non-cat weather-related losses than we had in the third quarter a year ago. Non-cat weather-related losses in the U.S. in the third quarter of this year accounted for about 3.5 points of the homeowners combined ratio compared to about 7 points in the year ago third quarter. Personal auto premiums declined 2% because the negative impact of currency translation more than offset the increase in premiums in local currencies. Personal auto is a relatively small book of business for us, but a large portion outside the U.S., so it can be heavily influenced by currency fluctuation. Excluding the currency impact, premiums outside the U.S. increased as did premiums in the U.S., consistent with the growth rate in recent quarters. The combined ratio for personal auto improved to 92%, more than 7 points better than the third quarter a year ago when it was 99.3%. In other Personal lines, premiums were up 8%, driven by strong growth in our accident and personal excess liability lines. The combined ratio for other personal improved to 95.5% from 97.6% in the third quarter a year ago. In the U.S., the third quarter of 2012 was the eighth consecutive quarter of growth in policy accounts for both homeowners and personal auto. At the end of the quarter, policy count per homeowners was 1% higher than a year earlier and for auto, it was 3% higher. Policy retention was consistent with the second quarter of this year at 91% for homeowners and 89% for auto. In short, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Personal lines. Turning now to claims, corporate-wide. In the third quarter of 2012, the impact of catastrophe losses was $17 million before tax, accounting for 0.6 points of the combined ratio. $17 million reflects $33 million of losses before tax from third quarter cat events in the U.S., primarily Hurricane Isaac, partially offset by downward revisions to our estimated losses from catastrophes in the first half of 2012. Development of catastrophes prior to 2012 had no significant impact. In the third quarter of 2011, we had cat losses of $420 million before taxes, accounting for 14.4 percentage points of the combined ratio. For the first 9 months of 2012, catastrophe losses were $264 million before tax or 3 points of the combined ratio. This compares with $1 billion or 11.7 points in the first 9 months of 2011. Now, I'll turn it over to Ricky, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Richard G. Spiro: Thanks, Dino. As you've already heard, we had an excellent third quarter. Looking first at our operating results, we had strong underwriting income of $418 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after tax was down 7% to $297 million in the quarter due primarily to lower reinvestment rates in both our domestic and international fixed maturity portfolios. The impact of foreign currency translation also had a negative impact on our investment results. Going forward, we expect property and casualty investment income after tax to decline in the fourth quarter as well as next year as we continue to reinvest maturing securities at much lower reinvestment rates. Net income was the same as operating income in the quarter as net realized gains from the sale of securities were offset by net realized losses from our alternative investment. For comparison, in the third quarter of 2011, we had net realized investment gains before tax of $71 million or $0.16 per share after tax. As a reminder, we account for our alternative investments on a quarter lag because the time required to receive updated valuations from the investment managers of limited partnerships. Accordingly, our alternative investment results for the third quarter reflected the negative global equity market performance in the second quarter. Our fourth quarter 2012 results will reflect market performance in the third quarter, which was more favorable. Unrealized depreciation before tax at September 30, 2012, increased by $352 million in the quarter to $3.2 billion. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $44.1 billion as of September 30, 2012. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.6 years, and the average credit rating is AA2. We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At September 30, our holding company portfolio included $2.2 billion of investments, including approximately $560 million of short-term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at September 30, 2012, was $60.99 compared to $56.15 at year end 2011 and $55.25 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculated with available-for-sale fixed maturities at amortized cost, was $53.96 compared to $50.37 at 2011 year end, and $50.13 a year ago. As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the third quarter of 2012 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI, we had approximately $25 million; CCI had $70 million; CSI had $35 million; and reinsurance assumed had $15 million, bringing the total favorable development to approximately $145 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the third quarter combined ratio of about 5 points overall. For comparison, in the third quarter of 2011, we had about $155 million of favorable development for the company overall, including $5 million in CPI, $95 million in CCI, $45 million in CSI and $10 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the third quarter of 2011 was also about 5 points. For the third quarter of 2012, our x cat accident year combined ratio was a very strong 90.6% compared to 93.4% in last year's third quarter. During the third quarter, our loss reserves increased by $20 million, including an increase of $53 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $33 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in runoff. The overall increase in reserves reflects a decrease of about $140 million related to catastrophe and the impact of currency translation in loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $60 million. Turning to capital management. During the third quarter, we repurchased 4.1 million shares at an aggregate cost of $301 million. The average cost of our repurchases in the quarter was $73.80 per share. For the first 9 months of the year, we repurchased 12.7 million shares for a total of $907 million, with an average cost of $71.23 per share. As of September 30, 2012, we had $357 million available for share repurchases under our current authorization and as we have said previously, we intend to complete this program by the end of January 2013. Let me conclude with a few comments on the revised guidance we announced in today's press release. Based on the low level of catastrophe losses in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are revising our 2012 full year operating income per share guidance to a range of $6.70 to $6.80 from the previous guidance range of $5.70 to $5.95. This revised guidance is based on operating income per share of $5.04 in the first 9 months and a range of $1.66 to $1.76 for the fourth quarter. The revised guidance assumes 2 percentage points of cats for the fourth quarter, which would result in 2.7 points of cats for the calendar year. This compares to the full year cat assumption of 4.3 points included in our previous guidance, the decrease being due to the lower-than-expected cat in the third quarter. The impact on operating income per share of each point of cat is approximately $0.28 for the full year and approximately $0.07 for the fourth quarter. The revised guidance is also based on an assumption of 271 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year, unchanged from our previous guidance. And now, I'll turn it back to John.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Let me summarize a few of the key highlights of the third quarter. We had operating income of $533 million or a record $1.98 per share. Our annualized ROE was 13.5% and annualized operating ROE was 15.5%. We produced an x cat combined ratio of 85.7 and an x cat accident year combined ratio of 90.6%. Capital value per share at September 30, 2012, was $60.99, up 10% from a year earlier and up 9% from year end 2011. We repurchased $301 million of common shares and paid $110 million in dividends, and we continued to secure rate increases in all 3 business units, maintaining upward momentum on an earned premium basis. For the first 9 months of 2012, operating income totaled $1.4 billion. On a per-share basis, operating income for the first 9 months was $5.04 per share, a 44% increase over last year, and the highest 9-month operating income per share in Chubb history. Annualized operating ROE for the first 9 months was 13.4%. And for the first 9 months was -- annualized ROE for the first 9 months of 12.3%. The combined ratio for the first 9 months was 90.1% and the x cat combined ratio was 87.1%. Our strong performance in the first month of the year has enabled us to increase our 2012 operating income per share guidance to a range of $6.70 to $6.80. The midpoint of our revised guidance is $0.92 per share higher than the midpoint of our prior guidance of $5.70 to $5.95. In summary, we had a great third quarter on top of a very good first half and we continue to be encouraged by marketplace rate trends. And with that, I'll open the lines to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, CCI insurance pricing appears to have modestly decelerated from 9% to 8%. Should we -- is there a read through there? When you say 2Q, were you talking about the peak for pricing outside of a large industry loss? And switching gears to Professional and Personal lines, if you could also comment on the rate environments and your outlooks there.
Paul J. Krump: Okay. Mike, this is Paul. Yes, I think it's fair to say that in the U.S., CCI renewal rate increase has been in a tight range for the last few quarters, running between 8% and 9%. The slight downtick from the second quarter to the third quarter is really attributable more to business mix differences between the quarters than any change in the marketplace condition. For example, in Q3, we had fewer large commercial real estate property accounts available to be renewed that we had in Q2, and that really is what drove the change. As respect to where rates are going forward, obviously, no one knows for certain. But where we sit the macro factors, which are contributing to the push for rates for the entire P&C industry. The need for rate increases haven't changed, the low reinvestment yields, the years of soft market pricing, we don't see that changing anytime soon. I think that we were fortunate we had a very benign cat quarter as an industry. But no one here, at least in Warren, New Jersey is extrapolating that into the future, and we're going to continue to push for rates very hard. As respect to specialty you asked about, we continue to see a nice momentum there. We continue to work on the book of business, not only from a rate perspective, but also from a re-profiling. Once again, this past quarter, we saw in our 1-star account, which happened to be the tier with the least amount or the most rate need. We had over 35 points of rate in that tier. We only had 65% retention, whereby in the 4- and 5-star accounts, the best accounts, we still took positive rate in the low single digits and had nearly 90% retention. So we're doing a good job of re-profiling that book and it needs to be re-profiled.
John D. Finnegan: I'll just say generally, we don't have final October numbers. We're not going to make any predictions. But what we can say is anecdotal. We have not heard anything in the marketplace that suggest there's a significant change in the credit and the rate environment. And in terms of CPI, we are filing for additional rate increases, so that momentum continues.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And lastly, in regards to the increased 4Q guidance, the math I'm doing points to an expectation for improved margins on an x cat to x prior development basis. Would you agree with at that? And if so, could you comment on what's driving that?
John D. Finnegan: No. Well, there will be no way you could interpolate what x cat actually would be because there's no breakout of favorable development versus accident year. I mean, what we can say is we don't split them up. If you looked at our combined ratio guidance for the fourth quarter, you would see that, first of all, we have 2 points of cats, so that's versus 0.6 points in the third quarter. So clearly, that adversely affects us on a quarterly comparison. And then we're basically, on x cat basis, on a combined ratio, looking at a combined ratio in line with our first half experience, which is a couple of points higher than we had in the third quarter.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Josh Stirling of Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So on professional liabilities, it sounds like you're making a pretty substantial progress. One, I wonder if you could just talk -- I'll pose my question in this, but I wonder if you give us some color as to what you're seeing in terms of new claims reports and severities on the open claims, and basically give us an update on the issues you identified last year that led you to raise your loss picks and sort of sound the alarm bell. And then also, would love to more broadly get your sense of what kind of guidance you're giving to your brokers, and ultimately through the broader community around 1-1 renewals on D&O. And how much rate, maybe not so much you think, that the market will bear, because that's speculative, but how much rate would Chubb like to take?
Dino E. Robusto: Okay. I'll start with a little bit of insight on the claim activity, on the professional liability, give you a little general overview. In terms of professional liability, newer [ph] count increased about 6% in the quarter, and about 3% for the 9 months of 2012 and these increases are largely attributable to EPL, which was up about 23% for the quarter and 18% for the 9 months. Now the increase in EPL claim counts has been a multi-year trend, principally reflecting the ongoing employment practices and administrative charges. Other than EPL, professional liability renewal [ph] counts are actually down 11%, both for the quarter and for the first 9 months. And then -- and just in terms of severity for professional liability, we obviously look at severity a little bit differently than we do, say auto or homeowners, where you have a large number of existing claims. Here, what we're looking at, our leading indicators, such as security class action filings. And on that front, based on new filings for the industry in the first 9 months, it appears that traditional security class actions activity on an annualized basis is at a comparable level to last year, which is up from the historical lows we saw a couple of years ago. And given that the security class action activity has historically been the driver of our public and financial institution D&O loss, this is clearly a trend we watch carefully. On the EPL that I referenced that was up on account, when you look at it from a severity standpoint at the length of time to find a job that has increased, the damage is asserted primarily back pay and defense costs have increased. However, it's important to note that the majority of the filings we are seeing that is driving the increased claim count are lower severity cases. So that's just a little bit of detail on the personal liability trend. Paul?
Paul J. Krump: Yes. Josh, this is Paul. I'll try to add some color then about -- I guess it was really -- what we're thinking about as respect to 1-1 renewals and what are we talking to our field people about. I think we have alluded to this in the past that we think first about a product line and the dynamics that we talked about before. Some of the issues around D&O and EPL and crime are certainly still with us as we go into 1-1. But then what we really do, Josh, is we make it very granular. We look at it by geography, by SIC type, we put it through our tiering proprietary models, and we take it down to an individual policy level. We look at that account and we ask ourselves, what is the starting point for the rate? How does that compare to like kind and quality within our book? How well has that individual account been running? And we set a target rate increase or maybe it might even be flat, depending on how well it's performing, as we go into the season. So while we do have overall targets, it's really very granular when we take it out to talk to our field staff and with the agents. And then when we talk to the agents, we make certain that we talk to them about a lot of their accounts that are coming up so that they don't misread any signal on a particular accounts as -- meaning, as it impacts their entire book of business. So I hope that gives you some flavor of what we're doing.
John D. Finnegan: Generally, we're booking 100 too, so we need a good deal of in increases going into 2012.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right. The final question I ask would be on workers comp. It's just you've had a couple of quarters in a row now of pretty substantial growth. I think there's been some explanations before that. But I would love to just get a sense of are you guys expanding your appetite here or it's not so historically been a place you've been focused?
Paul J. Krump: No, I can definitely tell you, we're not expanding our appetite for workers comp. A big part of the growth is driven by rate. Another piece of the growth came in workers compensation from audit premiums and exposure growth. The overall books are a little bit of a decline in exposure. But workers comp had a bit of an exposure in audit growth in it. And I told you, when we -- in my prepared remarks, about the rate increases, workers compensation was in the low double digits, so that gives you a sense of it. As far as new business goes, it was up slightly but our in force count, Josh, is only up 1% in workers compensation. So we're sticking to our knitting. We're trying to see some opportunities there. But really, it's being rate driven, which is exactly what we want to see.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First one for Ricky. Given the continued impact of low interest rates on investment income, what do you think the after-tax annualized yield on the portfolio could be a year from now, if rates stay at current levels, with it being 3.08% in the third quarter of '12?
Richard G. Spiro: Yes, Jay. I don't know that I can give you an exact number. I guess what I can tell you, as we sit here today, as we think about reinvestment rates and where we're putting money to work today, it obviously varies by asset class. On average, we're reinvesting our maturing securities at about 175 basis points lower than the maturing book yields. And in our 10-K, you have a maturity schedule of our fixed income securities, so that would give you some sense of what would happen to yield over time.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that -- is that 175 below -- you're talking about the after-tax yield or is that pre-tax?
Richard G. Spiro: Pre-tax, I believe. It's pre-tax.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. And then the second one, and I know we've discussed this before, is the pace of the buybacks. You chose on buying $300 million of stock back a quarter, which is on track to be well below the buyback pace in 2011 or 2010, despite the level of operating earnings being at least as high as those prior 2 years. So I'm just trying to understand what Chubb is doing with the excess capital it's retaining if not buying back stock.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. Well, look. I'd just say we're on course to complete our buyback by the end of January. Let me give you a brief word of explanation, because when put this program in place back in January, we gave some idea that when we thought about our buyback, we we're looking at our operating income less shareholder dividends as a general guideline for us as we make our buyback decision, not a precise level at which we buyback shares in a given year. So when we set the initial buyback target of $1.2 billion back in January, at that point, we were projecting 2012 operating income in the amount of about $1.5 billion and shareholder dividends of about $400 million. So still at that time, we said that we'd be buying back about $100 million more than our forecasted operating income less shareholder dividend. Obviously, as you point out, our forecast has gone up. We're now expecting about $1.8 billion in operating income for the year. And when you take out our shareholder dividends, we're now going to have about $200 million more than our buyback program. So we have no intention of increasing our 2012 buyback program at this time beyond what we said originally. This excess $200 million in net retained earnings will going into our year end capital position and it will be one of the factors going into the consideration of our buyback program for 2013. You might recall that our year end capital position will also be affected by the impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio, the change on our pension position due to returns and lower interest rates and the impact of the currency on the carrying [ph] value of our balance sheet among other things. So the resulting excess capital position will be our starting point in the development of our 2013 share buyback program. We'll then factor in, among other things, overall market conditions, our expected earnings in dividend, part of our stock price valuation, alternative investment opportunities and potential opportunities for profitable growth, coupled with the final level of any stock buyback program. So bottom line is we continue to think we're in a very strong excess capital position and we'll take all that into consideration as we head into 2013.
Dino E. Robusto: Basically, our baseline position is that the buybacks should be in about the amount of income less shareholder dividends. A couple of years ago, we're opportunistic and bought back more shares than that. You had a very attractive price valuation. We continue to like the value of our stock, but that was an opportunistic plight. And it doesn't -- it's obvious that you cannot buy back a lot more shares than your increase in return earnings from net incomes over a long period of time. I mean, that can only be an opportunistic plight.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. You have a lot of high-class problems here. With the stock trading at 135% of book, does that give you any pause on the valuations side?
John D. Finnegan: We think it's still an attractive valuation. But of course, when we look at it in 2010 at 110% of book, it looks like a more attractive valuation and we did have a significant excess capital position and took advantage of that opportunity. 135% is about our historical average over the last 10 years. So it's high compared to where it's been in the last few years. But over time, it's not particularly high.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I want to play devil's advocate a little bit here and talk about some of the lines that look like they're at [indiscernible] like surety and some of the commercial lines of business, multi-tier and casualty. Should we be thinking of lower rate increases and faster growth, given that your cat rate adequacy? Or is this something [indiscernible] that should be more complicated than that?
John D. Finnegan: How are you deriving your conclusions as to the rate adequate based upon current period combined ratio?
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Could you just give me -- yes, I mean, this year, as the combined ratio so far through those lines are really quite good, knock on wood. And you put through a fairly substantial rate this year. As we think of next year, not necessarily this quarter, how do you think -- maybe I'll ask it another way, how do you think of that trade-off of trying to get through rate in an environment where you can get rates versus trying to grow?
John D. Finnegan: I think I'm going to let Paul answer this. I don't think you can necessarily -- beyond analysis by just looking at the current combined ratio will get you there. I mean, we have to look at what favorable development there, what's the cat rate is there, what's the related impact to their -- but -- and the new money impact that will lower investment income which is coming in. So Paul, why don't you talk about it a little?
Paul J. Krump: Yes, sure, John. I'll try to frame it out here a little bit. But Paul, things for the question. And I surely appreciate you playing devil's advocate on it. Maybe just taking a step back. When we think about rate adequacy, we start by a product line, we will modify it by geography, industry segment, a lot of subsets of those. And the analyses are constantly revised as new data becomes available. We look at stuff like loss projections, claim costs, payout patterns, frequency trends, as well as what the pricing direction and what our field might be telling us about, terms and conditions, et cetera. And while I greatly appreciate that you've noticed we made a solid progress towards our goals, as evidenced by the excellent third quarter results, I caution you just to remember that in the third quarter in particular, the results include significant favorable development. You got investment income there that still reflects a higher embedded yield, as well as obviously unusually low cap. And then when you think about it on an accident year basis, the overall book is not currently at adequate rate levels to achieve what we consider our long-run normalized cat load combined ratio target. So we're looking at a lot of stuff. One of the other factors we have to think about all the time is the pressure for loss costs, where the trend is at by line and if you should just think about commercial in general, pick a number, we could debate it. But we tend to think around maybe 4% is a loss cost trend on the book of business. That means we, as underwriters, have to step up every year and get at least 4% on average just to tread water. So that's a force that you're out with swimming again, so to speak. So hopefully that gave you some sense. We've made good progress, but bottom line, we think we've got a ways to go.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So could -- focus this a little bit in my mind. It sounds like you believe that you still need to take your current book and make it more profitable overall. And so the focus is going to continue to be on trying to get rate as opposed to growth.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. Well, let's look at it this way. I think if you did an analysis -- now, let's talk about the macro and then you can move to the individual lines. It's a little different, but if you did an analysis, a rigorous analysis of what our overall book has generated on an accident year basis with normalized cats, our overall business, you'd still be lucky to get the double digits. I mean, we obviously are benefiting from very low cats this quarter and still a good deal of favorable development. Now so with all of the industry, and the industries if we're at the high single digits, the industry is well below that. So from an overall perspective, we're not rate adequate. Now are some lines that are better than others? Of course, and we undertake continuously analyses of each of the lines, of what kind of rates we need in each of the lines and the profitability versus their growth trade-off. And that's sort of at a granular level that we do here and in the field, so each line is different. And then as you -- but as Paul mentioned, that even if you got the rate adequacy, the day you stop and don't get any more rate, your 4% is inadequate the following year. So you need rate over the time. We don't have a lot of lines that are excessively profitable. We have a few that may be rate adequate, but overall, you'd have to say that an accident year basis with a full cat load and normal weather-related activity, we're not at target ROEs for the book as a whole.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the accident year margins. You mentioned that there was some benefit from lower than average non-cat weather. So was this quarter's non-cat weather margin kind of normal? And the reason I asked is, historically, the accident year loss ratio x cat is worse than the second half of the year versus the first half, and this year, we actually saw the reversal.
John D. Finnegan: Let me talk -- what I say is this, Vinay. We had a good quarter. Margin expansion is usually defined as the amount at which rate increase would exceed longer-term loss trends. It's kind of a hypothetical calculation at any given quarter. You never have a longer-term loss trends or something else. But if you look at where our third quarter result came from -- if you talk about earned premium, which is what gets into income, we were close to margin neutral in the third quarter in CPI and CSI and had about 2 points of margin expansion in CCI hypothetically. So by itself, it's a positive development, but not sufficient not to own [ph] to explain the third quarter accident results, so the 3-point overall improvement from the third quarter 2011. Where did it come from? A little bit from that, the margin expansion CCI perhaps, but more of that the actual losses in the quarter were below the regression line, between the -- below the long-term trend line. We'd like to think that, that's a largely attributable excellent underwriting on our part and maybe in part it is, but we also recognize there is some good fortune involved. And one of the pieces of good fortune, what we use as an example, there are other pieces that is non-cat related weather. That's primarily a Personal lines thing with a little bit of rollup to commercial property and multiple parallel lines. But for example, to give you an idea, in our homeowners business, non-cat U.S. related losses ran about 3.5 points in the third quarter versus 7 points in the third quarter of 2011 and about 6 points in the third quarters over the last 5 years. As you look forward, and I know all you will try to do this, you'd look at -- we might, at the continued rate levels, we might have theoretically 3 points of margin expansion in 2013 over all our businesses. But you have to remember, we're starting with a very favorable loss period. So it'd be kind of simplistic just to extrapolate that expansion. It would assume that extra loss experienced in the quarter will continue below longer-term cost trends for the next year, a possible but not probable assumption. And a more realistic assumption might include -- while setting the margin expansion, it's a little bit -- by some reversion to the mid and higher losses from a variety of areas. So margin analysis is a good forecasting tool. But you got to look at where the base period is, you got to look at the actual versus the theoretical. And then finally, when you look at income forecast, you got to recognize the margin expansion, it generally applies only to accident year results, it doesn't affect favorable development. And that's another major component of counting their results in order to take into account changes in investment income, of course.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Could you help us understand what rate increases you're looking for on the homeowners line?
Richard G. Spiro: Yes. We're in the process now of filing homeowner rate increases that vary by state, of course. In the mid single-digit and above level, with targeted effective dates in the next 2 quarters. And I use the word targeted just because they're still subject to regulatory approval. But that's the range we're looking at.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And just one last thing, if I may. On the net investment income, I believe, last quarter, it was said that the new yields on the tax-exempt securities are between 125 to 150 basis points lower. And on the taxable securities, it's about 250 basis points lower. So just wondering if it still holds or if it's -- I mean, or the new money is even worse now than it was last quarter.
Richard G. Spiro: The new money rates are a little bit worse than they were last quarter. So as we sit here now on the muni side, we're probably looking at roughly 160 basis points lower. On the domestic taxable side, we're looking at about 300 basis points lower, and then on our non-U.S. fixed income investments, we're are looking at about 150 basis points lower. And as I mentioned in a prior comment, if you're look at it on average, it's probably around 175 basis points across the portfolio.
John D. Finnegan: And then you can see that contraction in spreads and the mirror image of it is the improvement in the position of unrealized position, which increased substantially over the quarter, due [ph] in part to equities and part due to the fact that spreads came in.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just a couple of questions. One, in CCI, it looked like the underlying loss ratio was a lot lower. And specifically CMP, the underlying combined was pretty low and marine, it looked pretty low. Is there some lumpiness that kind of -- I think someone made a comment before about -- in CPI that there was a lack of lumpiness. Is that part of the reason for that? Or is there something else and just one follow-up.
Paul J. Krump: This is Paul, Mike. I think it's really -- when you look at it, it's probably the impact of cat.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So it's just cat. So there's nothing even on an underlying basis that really had an impact there?
John D. Finnegan: Yes, I mean, obviously, there's some improvement, yes. But our accident year, x cat results and CCI, were improvement, definitely, I mean, in all of our lines of business. Remember last year, it was a huge quarter for cats, so you can't -- the third quarter, so you -- but the published results, that is so misleading that you really can't draw much from those.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, but even if -- yes, I mean, I guess even if you compare going back, I mean, it's a unique result. So I was just curious if there was -- non-cat weather was a driver as well.
John D. Finnegan: No. I mean, I don't think that much. I think that cats were unusually low. And we also had very favorable x cat results in our commercial lines. It's -- we've had good loss trends this year. And now you go back a few years and we had better results, but these are very good.
Paul J. Krump: Mike, it's that the property model prop, package prop, has been leading the rate parade for us for the last 5 quarters, so you're seeing that start to earn and sway a little bit, too.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then could you give a little bit more breakdown in terms of the development by -- either by accident year or maybe just within CCI, by product type or just maybe some general notion of where the development came from?
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. I would happy to do that. So I'll go through each of this SPUs and then I'll give you as much color as I can. I'll start with CPI, where we had about $25 million of favorable development. In CPI, all 3 of the lines of business, homeowners, auto and other personal, were slightly favorable in the quarter. When you look at CCI, where we had the $70 million, it was driven largely by our casualty book and our commercial multi tier [ph] book was also favorable. Workers comp was close to flat, and property, marine actually was slightly adverse. And then in CSI, with $35 million of favorable development, the vast majority of the favorable was in the professional liability lines driven by D&O and fiduciary and it was partially offset by some small adverse development in crime, fidelity, E&O and EPO, reflecting the some of the trends that we've already talked about.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And accident years, is it recent years or older years, just generally or...
Paul J. Krump: Primarily 2008 and prior.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matthew Heimermann of JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question I had was just, if I think about guidance at the start of the year and adjusting for cat and then all these other changes I have kind of a midpoint of about $0.70 higher than where you started. My question is relative to the base cases you had at the beginning of the year, where were you -- what areas were you positively surprised in? And I guess I was thinking kind of -- how much of it was better development, how much of it was perhaps better lost trend which you alluded to earlier? How much of it was maybe a little bit better rate and therefore a little bit better accident year priced margin and maybe a thought...
John D. Finnegan: I'll answer that. The answer is that it was better than anticipated loss trends but loss trends, unlike rate impact both accident year and prior period development, so there's no breakup of that. It was just -- we had better loss trends. Now a couple of factors. First, when we came into 2012, we were developing this guidance based on what were pretty -- what were tougher third and fourth quarters of 2011. We were concerned that the benign loss trends of the prior 5 years had turned. And while we didn't extrapolate those worse loss trends, we certainly adjusted and increased them over the first half of 2011. Now it's turned out is that this year, it's looked a lot like the first half of 2011, loss trends have been better than that. So I think and that's been reflected in better -- in good development and in better accident year results. I don't know versus rate. I think the rates are -- they may be a little bit better than we thought we had. Again, at that time, we weren't getting these type of rate increases, so we thought to build in. We were trying to achieve higher rate increases, but we didn't have them yet, so obviously, you have to blend in the realistic with the desired. So net-net, I just think the loss trends were the -- had been the answer. And in part, that's -- maybe third and fourth quarter last year was an anomaly. In part, that's due to things that are explainable but like non-cat-related weather.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess that leads to another question. This is a little bit of a crystal ball question, but the theme of the last 10 years since we've been -- well, maybe not 10, let's say 8, has been we've been surprised by how good loss trend has been. How much credibility do you put in a scenario where you're able to get rate the next couple of years and you do that to reflect loss trend, low rates, but also maybe there's, built into that, an expectation that the development we've seen can't last. But how much credibility would you give to a scenario where perhaps we continue to be surprised by the loss trend side and the development and what it means for priced ROEs?
John D. Finnegan: I don't think I can answer that. I mean, the loss trends are developed by the actuaries, to take into account, historical experience, recent experience, but they're longer term in nature. I don't know. I hope you're right. I hope that scenario plays out. But we just use the historical data and go from there. I mean, we're not willing to say that loss trends have gone from 4% to 2% or anything like that.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick one on property. Is that probably the line you'd point to where you might expect to see some moderation in pricing now that it looks like some of the reinsurance cost pushes has been collected?
John D. Finnegan: Talk to us after next week's storm. No, the answer is I don't know. So far, it's holding up, but we'll see.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Dino, we've talked a lot about margins. And well, I guess I'm looking at the consensus number and my level is pretty close to consensus, and the only way we can get to the fourth quarter is, I think, by basically all bringing up our margin assumptions by 200 to 300 basis points. So my question is how sustainable are the current trends because obviously, if you good on that line item into the fourth quarter and the year-over-year improvement should probably just hold all through next year as well. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Dino E. Robusto: Well. All I could say about the fourth quarter in terms of what you could read into it is the fact that we're assuming a combined ratio of about 2 points higher than the third quarter but about in line with the first half of this year. So I mean, that's where we are on an x cat basis. On an x cat basis, of course, and then we have cats about 1.5 point better. So that's the answer to one. I don't know -- what was your other?
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: More -- because again, where consensus is versus what you're guiding to, it's all pointing to better margin, as you just said, better than what we're expecting. And so what I'm wondering is, is how this plays into next year's numbers as well? I'm trying to think about the improvement, because you've now got way on top of rate, the loss trend is more benign, you seem a little more confident -- well, you seem very much more confident in some of the problem areas that you were highlighting a year ago. So it just seems like the trend on core margins is going to be better.
John D. Finnegan: Greg, I see where you're going. I mean, what we've seen is that the loss trend, the margins in the third quarter were much better than were embedded in the analyst forecast. The margin implicit -- and margin's a loose term. Margin used to refer to accident year. I mean, we're predicting results in the fourth quarter, and they aren't quite as good as the third quarter but are better than the first half. So are they sustainable? I think what I said before was we expect some margin expansion next year. But on the other hand, we're starting from a very benign base in a variety of areas. In some areas, we're hoping to improve our loss experience like some of the professional liability areas where with the crime areas, for example, where we've had some problems. But we shall see. But in then some other areas, our experience in personal and commercial has been so good especially in non cat-related weather. That one more thing some [ph] version mean we do there. So I -- And finally, when you look at the results next year, rate doesn't impact favorable development so that's a wildcard, and we don't how much prior period development we'll have. So that's the context. You have some things working for you in terms of what we expect better rates that are earned premium. You have somethings may be working against you, some reversion to the mean in the loss trends even if it's slightly. And then you have the uncertainty of prior period development and you have lower interest rates.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. It's just trying to get to kind of what we were thinking versus what you guys are now -- again, it's the guidance that we're getting. It's a lot more bullish than what I think some of us at least were thinking. So if I could just back up in your commentary, I think during the call and I want to make sure I got this correct, did you say that there's 350 basis points of non cat benefit in the quarter? Was that the correct number? I know we've been talking about this in the Q&A, but I just want to kind of nail them, that number. Was it 350 basis points in this particular quarter?
John D. Finnegan: Greg, it's -- 350 basis points versus last year, about 250 basis points for the average of the last 5 years in the homeowners business, so on our total results, that obviously is closer to 100 basis points. I mean, it's not the deal so just to give you a feel. And again to your comment, Greg, that what we're guiding to the fourth quarter is better than you're carrying, well, we have the advantage of knowing the third quarter results when we develop that guidance. If you -- if we hadn't given you any guidance and you'd seen our third quarter results, you probably would've improved your expected combined ratio based on those results too.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. Okay, okay, And then John, again, just so -- is it 150 basis points then? That's the figure -- I totally, so I did -- I'm glad I clarified it. It's 350 for the homeowners line, it's 150 benefit this particular quarter for the overall corporation?
John D. Finnegan: That's about 2.5. That 2.5 over 12 and then that's -- is that worldwide, Dino?
Dino E. Robusto: Yes.
John D. Finnegan: That's worldwide. So it's 2.50 [ph] to us, probably 178 [ph] To take homeowners and divide homeowners into total premium and then multiply that by the 350, that will give you the idea or versus last year 250 versus normal maybe.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And really what I'm doing is I'm going to add that back in, look at the year-over-year. It's going to show some margin improvement. I'm still going to end up with a lot of margin improvement next quarter and sort of then I have to decide what to do next year. But okay, I'll keep settling with it, but it looks like you guys have had a pretty good inflection.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. And remember that non cat-related weather is one good example to use it again. We had just very good favorable loss experience in all of our lines this year.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions. The first is given that the claims trends had been better than you had expected earlier in the year, in the third quarter, was there any favorable development from the first half of the year that flowed into the 3Q?
John D. Finnegan: No. Not that we've -- we've said in the past, we don't really -- I mean, cats aside, we don't really show -- we don't really break it up that way. I don't know. Nothing material as far as we can tell, no.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, given the very strong capital position going into next year, and given that the fact that the stock is -- has moved up on a price-to-book basis, you look at the dividend and it's been gradually moving up relatively slowly. Would it make sense at this point to speed up that acceleration from a dividend standpoint?
John D. Finnegan: Let me caveat before Ricky says anything. That decision might depend upon where the taxes come out. [indiscernible] It's 20% or 40% but go ahead, Ricky.
Richard G. Spiro: Jay, all I can say at this point obviously, we'll re-look at our dividend with our board in the normal course. As you know, we've increased our dividend in each of the past 30 years. We'll take a number of factors into consideration including our capital position, as John said, the tax environment. And hopefully, we've shown you over the years we're committed to return our excess capital to our shareholders, and dividends are an important part of that strategy. Having said that, I'm not going to make any comment about what our future dividend plans may or may not be.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: When we look at claims specifically relating to medical care, is there any change in the trend there?
Paul J. Krump: No. Not really. It's been pretty well stable, and it clearly runs higher than the typical consumer price index, and so we see at it as the same.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick one here. Going back to the whole share repurchase. Rick and John, do you ever think about share buyback with respect to kind of a payback period? Because obviously, you're buying back your stock at $1.35 [ph] of book value, 1 3 [ph]. It takes a while to earn that dilution book value per share back, particularly given this low interest rate environment.
Richard G. Spiro: Brian, it's Ricky. We look at it a bunch of different ways. We do look at payback. We do look at different return analyses. And as John said fairly on, even at today's stock price and our current price-to-book value valuation, we still see attractive economic opportunities in repurchasing our shares at our current price. So we do look at all those things. We do take them into consideration. But again, we still think that at today's price, it's still relatively attractive. And don't forget with the low interest rate environment, you also don't have as many other opportunities to invest your money elsewhere and make better return.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. Once again, we would like to thank everyone for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Helen Wilson - IR Evan Greenberg - Chairman, President & CEO Phil Bancroft - CFO Brian Dowd - Chairman, Insurance – North America & Vice Chairman, ACE John Keogh - Vice Chairman & COO Sean Ringsted - Chief Risk Officer & Chief Actuary 
Analysts:  Amit Kumar - Macquarie Matt Heimermann - JPMorgan Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Brian Meredith - UBS Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital  
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the ACE Limited Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson - IR: Thank you and welcome to the ACE Limited June 30, 2012, second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to Company performance, guidance, premium growth, ACE's business mix and acquisition, impact of catastrophes and droughts and pricing and insurance market conditions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I'd like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then, we'll take your questions. Also, with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. ACE had a very good second quarter marked by excellent operating earnings, strong broad-based premium revenue growth and an improving P&C pricing environment in a number of areas of the world. Book value growth was up modestly in the quarter, as we were impacted by the euro debt crisis and the consequence like to safety which affected foreign exchange and interest rates and equity markets. After-tax operating income for the quarter was 743 million were 2.17 per share, our operating ROE was over 12.5%, for the first six months we have produced almost a 1.5 billion in operating income and an ROE again of 12.5%. All the visions of the company made a positive contribution to the quarter’s results, our underwriting results this quarter were again outstanding as illustrated by a P&C combined ratio of 88.7. The strong calendar year results benefited from both favorable current accident year experienced and positive prior period reserve development. The current accident year results were excellent both with and without the impact of cat losses which were relatively light this quarter at 55 million pretax. ACE’s underwriting performance has been consistently strong over the year with over 890 million in underwriting income and a combined ratio of about 89% for the first six months. Investment income held up pretty well in the quarter, it was down only modestly despite the historic low interest rate environment. The strong operating fundamentals contributed to book value growth of 1.3% in the quarter that was impacted by mark to market losses and for financial markets and foreign exchange movements. Book value was up almost 6% year-to-date, Bill will have more to say about the markets impact on our investment portfolio, the VA mark and foreign exchange. We announced a small but important acquisition last month Asuransi Jaya Proteksi, one of Indonesia’s top general insurers and a leader in personal lines. The company which has an extensive branch network and distribution system will complement our existing business and diversify our presence in Indonesia with a well-established personal lines franchise. The transaction is expected to close later this year, ACE’s total company net premiums in the quarter grew 4.5%, or 6.5% adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange. Our growth in the quarter came primarily from three regions of the world, North America, Asia, and Latin America. North America grew over 7% in the quarter or approximately 10% excluding crop insurance. We had excellent growth in commercial P&C both retail and wholesale as well as personal lines. In Asia, and Latin America we were up 16% and 23% respectively, with strong contributions from P&C, A&H and personal lines which all grew at double digit rates in original currency. Growth in Europe in the UK on the other hand was flat due to both market and economic conditions. In North America some of the product lines where we saw our best growth were in primary risk management business which was up 9%, retail, general and specialty causality lines of business and aggregate which were up 11% and property which was up 27%. Our U.S. E&S wholesale business was up 24% led by property which was up 37%, our high net worth personal lines business in the U.S. was up 15 points. In our international business, property was up double digit in Latin America and Asia as was marine while energy related classes in aggregate were up double digit globally. A&H growth globally picked up in the quarter as expected and this trend should continue for the balance of the year. A&H premiums excluding combined were up about 9% globally in constant dollars. Led by Asia with growth of 17 and Latin America with growth of 15%, combined insurances premiums were down about 4.5% which was better than what we planned. Growth combined is beginning to trend upward and should be neutral by year end or by first quarter next year with growth from there. The underlying fundamentals Europe side are definitely improving. Our global re-business was up over 9% in the quarter led by Bermuda which was up 18%, we benefited from continued cat price increase son Japanese renewals at 401 and also from price increases on U.S. wind business. Crop insurance revenue was down 1% in quarter inline with our expectations. Crop premiums as I explained on our last call are impacted by commodity prices, there is much discussion about the drought conditions in the U.S. In some states quite severe and with a serious impact on crops. Based on conditions as they stand now and given our portfolio mix by state and crop we will adjust our crop loss ratio for the year up in the range of 5 points during the third quarter bringing our crop related business combined ratio to between 93% and 94%. This year-to-date loss ratio changes equal to about 68 million after-tax. This is our best estimate at this time. We continue to closely monitor crop conditions for changes that would lead us to alter our view, if the current drought conditions worsened and continue till harvest, our modeled worst case loss based on what we know would be an additional circa 200 million after-tax. We are not predicting this outcome. We are simply let you know the outer bounds of reasonable worst case. To put the 5 point loss ratio adjustment we are now taking in perspective, the 68 million is less than the difference between our actual nat cat losses and our cat load for the first six months of this year, a difference that is benefited our earnings by 75 million. So with this moment we remain within our year-to-date current accident year projection, while crop is not part of our cat load these drought conditions are another form of cat. The one area basis potentially worse, another can be better, showing the benefit of our diversification balance of business and risk management. Returning to the quarter I want to make a few comments about pricing and the market environment, but to put our revenue growth numbers in perspective. The positive U.S. pricing trend we have been discussing the last two or three quarters continued to improve again in the second quarter, if rates further increasing that will be gradually. Prices in the second quarter were better than in the first, the rate increases were again more broad-based than in the first quarter which was better than last year’s fourth. This included many casualty lines, the professional lines for example turning positive, while property rates held up quite well and equaled to the level of pricing we saw in the first quarter. For the first time pricing in our international operations in aggregate turned positive up 3% led by cat exposed property, UK causality and across the board slowing of rate decrease in another classes. Even professional lines internationally in aggregate turned positive and showed a 1% rate increase. Let me break this down a bit further beginning with North America. Overall, for the quarter pricing in North America, was up 4.7% and we achieved better pricing on our new business when compared to our renewal book. The average rate increase for our retail business went from 2.6% in the first quarter to 4.1 in the second quarter. Similarly, in our wholesale business. The average rate increase went from 6.6 in the first quarter to 8.4 in the second and remember, in reporting rate increases in ACE we separate out exposure growth which was up 3.1% in the quarter. The U.S. retail on wholesale property book led our rate increases with rates up 14% and 10% respectively. Our U.S. retail causality book achieved positive 5% rate and this excludes risk transfer workers comp. Risk management business pricing was up 3%, the management liability D&O pricing was up 4%. Finally our E&S portfolio pricing was up 8.5 overall. We have positive rate in all E&S classes. We are achieving this pricing in a marginally more disciplined marketplace, our new business writings in North America grew 30% year-over-year while the renewal retention ratio is measured by premium and U.S. retail was 97% and on a policy count basis it was 84%. John Keogh and John Lupica are with me and can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends globally. In summary we had a very good second quarter and posted strong first half results and we are optimistic about our growth prospects for the balance of the year. P&C pricing globally has turned more favorable and we are well positioned to take advantage in many places around the world, although we face the uncertainty from deteriorating, economic and geopolitical conditions impacted by the euro area debt crisis and U.S. fiscal cliff. Our earnings prospects for the balance of the year look good with a notable exception to crop insurance. With that I will turn the call over to Phil and then will be back to your questions.
Phil Bancroft: Thank you Evan. We ended the first half with a very strong balance sheet and capital position. For the quarter, cash and invested assets grew by almost 1.4% to 58.3 billion. Operating cash flow was strong at 811 million, tangible book value per share grew 1.7% in the quarter is up about 6.5% for the year. Net realized and unrealized losses were a 138 million pretax including a 266 million gain from the investment portfolio and a 397 million loss from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. The gain from the investment portfolio resulted from primarily from declining yields of investment grade bonds while the VA loss resulted primarily from decreases in worldwide equity values and a decrease in long term interest rates. Year-to-date the net loss from our VA re-insurance book was about a 120 million. Our investment portfolio is in very good shape, we have no direct exposure to sovereign debt of distressed European countries and our exposure to Euro zone financial institutions totaled 1.1 billion or less than 2% of the portfolio and is concentrated in Northern Europe. The overall credit quality of our Euro zone financial institutions securities is AA with over 550 million rated AAA. Investment income was 537 million for the quarter and was inline with our expectation. Our current book yield is 3.9%, current new money rates are 2.8% if we invested in the similar distribution to our existing portfolio. We estimate the current quarterly investment income run-rate will be approximately 530 million on average with some marginal variability up or down. Foreign exchange had a negative impact in the quarter reducing net income by 24 million and book value by about a 100 million. Our net loss reserves were up 66 million in the quarter after adjusting for foreign exchange. During the quarter, we had positive prior period development of about a 100 million after-tax primarily from short tail lines. Cat losses after-tax were 40 million for the quarter. The current accident year P&C combined ratio excluding cat losses is 2.7 percentage points lower than last year’s quarter. This is due primarily to our successful efforts to shift our book of business through profile management to our high margin products, our ability to achieve rate and growth in our short tail classes and fewer large losses in the quarter in property and energy this year versus last year. Our press release issued last night included our updated guidance for 2012, our range is now $7.20 to $7.60 in after-tax operating income per share for the year. First the update reflects the positive prior period reserve development and lower than planned cat losses in the first half of $0.74. Second the update includes a reduction of $0.19 to reflect a projected third quarter increase in our year-to-date crop insurance loss ratio. Finally, the guidance includes estimated cat losses of 270 million after-tax for the second half of the year. As usual, our guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. With that I will turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you Phil, good point. We will be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  And we will take our first question from Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Macquarie Capitals, thanks and good morning. Thanks for the color on the range of I guess losses for the crop, my first question relates you know what would be helpful if you could get the distribution of crop hail versus NPCI in your crop book and maybe also talk about Group I versus Group II and three states.
Evan Greenberg: Yes we are not doing that. We have given you what you need to know as an investor, our projection where we do the projections and if there is any material change to the estimate as we put out there we will notify the street in -- all investors in a timely manner.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Okay, how about this, can you talk about the impact of the stop-loss program in your crop book. I presume when you mentioned the 94% numbers those do not factor in the stop-loss but probably the 200 million which you gave us factors in stop-loss is that a fair assumption?
Phil Bancroft: It factors in any of our estimates, factor in our re-insurance protections. Though the risk sharing we do with the federal government and any private sector re-insurance that we place.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Okay, how about this, final question, there is this debate that this could be similar to 1988 and maybe just comment on what we are seeing in 2012 versus what we saw in 1988. I guess the program was a lot different at that time but maybe just give us some color as to where do you think this might be versus what we have seen in the past.
Evan Greenberg: You’re correct, this is the, these are the worst drought conditions that we have seen in the, that has been experienced in the forming community since 1988. It is broad-based though it is very much concentrated in the mid-west states and in 1988 crop insurance was much less factor in the overall financial pluming of the agriculture industry. It's far more wide spread and taken up as a valuable protection and this is center piece for the support of the agriculture industry today than it was in 1988. But these are the worst drought conditions we have seen, have been experienced since ’88 that is true.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: I guess just related to that, there is this debate that I guess smaller companies might be up for sale down the road just based on what’s happening would ACE be interested in sort of that or you feel that you are that the current position is good enough. You don’t need to acquire any more companies going forward especially as it relates to the crop program.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you for your questions. I think we can’t dominate the call there are many others in the queue who want to ask a question and we will move on now. So, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Heimermann from JPMorgan.
Matt Heimermann - JPMorgan: Couple of questions, first was just with respect to the A&H business and combined in particular, I guess can you just remind us what kind of gives you conviction that we are going to bottom out and spring the neutral next year. I think the international side is a lot easier to get your arms around from an external perspective.
Evan Greenberg: You are talking about combined specifically Matt?
Matt Heimermann - JPMorgan: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: It's what we see and in the real fundamentals of -- remember that’s an agency distribution channel and so what we see in both growth in number of agents, productivity per agent retention of business of renewal retention of business and the trends in that have turned positive on neutral in a number of territories, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the United States where the core of the business is and it's those fundamentals that really is what I and the management team measure on a monthly basis and a quarterly basis and we see sustained what we can now have confidence is trend in that, I think management is doing a really good job and there is no guarantees around it. It's what gives us the confidence that it's on the out swing that way.
Phil Bancroft: As I remember it takes you have to see at that way first because it's, you know it's a 150 to 300 bucks a policy.
Matt Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay that’s helpful. I guess another question we just with respect the rate you are pushing at, in the past you have kind of talked about you know a need for a lot more rate and kind of to sustain themselves to kind of make this real material overtime. I guess how comfortable are you with your ability to kind of keep pushing rate and kind of finding this incremental opportunities as we kind of seem to be hitting a point where rates at least that some companies are staying to plateau out. 
Evan Greenberg: With some, and you will be able to ask my colleagues who would be prepared to give you more color around this but here is what I would say about what we see at the moment about pricing. Property pricing is reasonably robust, particularly if it has any cat exposure around it and while the rate of increase has obviously flattened out and is decelerating it's still positive rate on what is reasonably robust on pricing, as I say particularly that cat around it, when you get the casualty lines the price increases are more broad-based and while they're far more muted we are seeing that they are sustained, the rate of increase is not declining if anything it's accelerated to debt (ph) and it is more broad-based. Now how long that could, that’s obviously ameliorating and it varies by line of business if you were -- if it exceeds trend in any class then you are actually gaining on an accident year. If the rate of increase is equal to trend then you are not deteriorating any further and if it's below trend it's ameliorating the decline. So in any event, any rate is good rate and it is more broad-based than it was and our risk selection capabilities have only improved and we are getting better risk reflected pricing because we are more insightful on our portfolio than we were even a year ago or two years ago.
Matt Heimermann - JPMorgan: And that last point, is it fair to assume that like separating the good versus the bad maybe this time around that will be the differentiator, it's just how intelligent the underwriting is in terms of risk selection rather than your ability to just kind of pump rate through an entire portfolio.
Evan Greenberg: I think it's so axiomatic about the insurance business is that your ability to select better, is what differentiates you in the marketplace, period and your results, you know that’s it that’s the guts of the business, that’s underwriting.
Operator: Let’s take our next question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Just one quick follow-up on, I was trying to put my head around this so, if this is a worst-case year and well effectively a cat year and it sounded like from your mouth it would be about a 10 point like a 110 or maybe 115 point combined ratio. Just trying to understand the risk management part of that and how big of a role reinsurance have to play in that sort of risk return. Just follow-up, thanks.
Evan Greenberg : Risk management is at every level of the business when you think about it because first incident how good your data and how insightful are you in selecting one form versus another form and understanding that, how much concentration you take by county, one versus another. How much concentration you take within a state and how you balance your portfolio. And then understanding and having the data as we have, we have both the computer power, the software programs and years and years of data to be able to do scenario analysis. Now while none of its perfect because the past is hardly the reflection of the future. It makes you more insightful and then your ability to do portfolio management because this is a government private sector risk sharing and then from there what you do you, how insightful are you to understand your concentrations and then further if you choose to protect your own retentions with stop-loss or any other forms of reinsurance protection which we do.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And do you expect the reinsurance will get more expensive then, it sounds like the reinsurers will be absorbing some of this loss. Do you expect that cost for protection next year will be more expensive given this year’s loss experience?
Evan Greenberg : You know I can't speculate on that, remember cat is a, crop is like a cat business too and it's long term and the pricing reflects long term experience not just a moment to moment change. So I really can’t speculate on that, I don’t know.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: If I could one quick one for sale, alternative investment income sorry I think Huatai Life is a big part of the other investment income but that piece is now about a third of investment income, just trying to get an understanding of what drives that seems like about a 20 plus return and is it mostly the private investment there and how should we think about that as it becomes a bigger part of the overall pie and thanks.
Evan Greenberg :  Huatai Life is actually a part of other income that’s other investment income right, so other investment income is predominately private equity and hedge funds as they contributed about $10 million of income to the quarter.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Huatai Life did.
Evan Greenberg : No, Huatai Life is not a part of our investment income it's a part of other income which is down below the line, it's a partially owned subsidiary, so we don’t include them in our investment income.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay so can you help me understand the contributions of fixed income was about 2.8% yield from the supplement so it seemed like 350 million, the total investment income was low five, so just trying to understand what is the rest of the piece and is that a yield, how should we think about as it becomes a bigger part of the pie.
Evan Greenberg : Okay I will tell you what Michael can we take this offline?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Sure, sure.
Evan Greenberg : I will take you through it.
Evan Greenberg:
 :
Operator:  We will take our next question from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley:  Just wanted to actually pursue sort of a question I've been getting from investors with investment yields where they are at, with your excess capital being you know where it's at a drag of say a 150 plus on the ROE and then now we are living through the worst crop loss probably in the history of the industry, it's actually these results are amazing, double digit ROE, the guidance is strong and I guess what is allowing ACE to outperform the peers given the headwinds especially what is -- usually when a company takes a loss like this the numbers do fall versus peers but you're laying out top quintile results even with this loss.
Evan Greenberg: I am going to try to answer that, I am going to answer that for you but I am going to say this, I think it's is right in front of you and it's right in front of the everyone, it shows itself right in the numbers in a reasonably transparent way and that is you see our geographic spread and where we are growing and we are growing where we know we can make an underwriting profit and there are areas of the world that are doing better economically than other areas of the world and the need for insurance are growing. Secondly, you’ll look at our product spread, commercial P&C is now about 60%, the U.S. has become a growth engine for us in the last two quarters along with Asia and Latin America, and you see an improving pricing environment and ACE is taking advantage of that because we did trade market share for underwriting in the past and we engaged in better portfolio management and shared business where we couldn’t make a reasonable return i.e. E&S casualty, i.e. risk transfer workers comp, where we said we can't make the money we will get out of those things and we will focus on other areas. We are a specialty underwriter, where an underwriter makes a difference to our broad spread of casualty products in the U.S. and globally our growth in commercial P&C in Latin America and in Asia and then while our ability to write a profitable book in the UK because we focus on casualty and energy and construction and property where we can make an underwriting profit. And then you complement that with our A&H book which has been built brick by brick on in those economies of the world where we see that rising middle class and that (inaudible) and that balance it brings to our overall business. And crop insurance is a great business over any period of time, it has been very good and because we have a got a great insightful franchise in that business but it's a cat business and right now at this point while the earnings are under more pressure they are still projected to be reasonable and the risk reward balance within that. We think between public sector sharing and private sector protection we've got the risk reward balance of what we would lose in a bad year versus what we could earn so our management of risk concentration. We focus a lot on it because this is fundamental in underwriting company that’s what we do and I think you know from there we have been saying it, we are planting the seeds today what you see as results or the things we've been working on the last 7 years and the things we have been planning the seeds for, in the last two or three years they'll begin to show in years to come, we are long-term builders that that's what you can tell your investors.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: 
 :
Evan Greenberg:  I don’t want to see your model. I have seen too many models.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: If I strip out reserve releases below plan cat losses and the crop guidance, the guidance I guess appears to imply no margin improvement or maybe even some deterioration whereas there was clearly considerable margin improvement this quarter and pricing momentum has continued. So does that imply there were some one-time items positively impacted this quarter?
Evan Greenberg:  I don't think so, what I would say that our guidance is almost the same where we started the year and when we started the year we had an anticipation that we would be earning these results so these really reflect what we have in our base plan. The other thing we did obviously is reduce the guidance for the crop, the $0.19 of crop. Remember something if we have pricing better than we assumed in our plans it's got earn its way through. These are pretty good current accident year projections for the balance of the year.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: I agree, Phil you said reserve release is primarily stem from short tail lines. I think that differs from previous quarter trends, should we read anything into that and can you provide color on the reserve leases this quarter.
Phil Bancroft :  No not at all. I mean it's a seasonal thing because we have reserve studies all throughout the year and in this period the reserve studies were basically on the shorter tail lines.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay and lastly this does relate to crop but, so the crop impact this quarter 's results in terms of…
Phil Bancroft : No it did not, we don’t believe it's a second quarter event. The issues with crop really emerged in July with the weather that we had in July. So it would be something that’s going to effect the third and fourth quarters.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners:  The first question as in growth and I think you talked about it a little bit earlier in the call and last quarter too but looking at new business up 30% and I think retentions remain pretty reasonable just wondering how ACE is managing to outperform peers who are having weak retentions and weak new business.
Evan Greenberg: You know I can’t opine on peers, that’s not my job and so whatever their results are their results, they have different mixes of business, they have different distribution, they have different geographic concentrations or kinds of customer concentration. So I or my colleagues can answer the questions specifically about ACE that we think you know obviously to us the results we see are logical and make all the sense in the world to us. One thing I told you last quarter that I will keep in mind. Our new business writings are dropped off substantially year-by-year-by-year, as they should, it's rational in a soft-market. So the kind of increase, it's 30% but it's on a relatively small base of new business and I said that last quarter when we had robust growth and I tell you that again.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Sure that’s fair enough. Then as we look at growth in the future, do you think the slowdown, the economy worldwide will have a negative impact on growth and also your ability to raise pricing.
Evan Greenberg: ACE doesn’t exist in a bubble, and I think the global uncertainties that really emanate from Europe and from the United States and that are impacting that are political and are impacting the economic fundamentals create both headwind and a great deal of uncertainty and inability to predict. I talk to a lot of CEOs in a lot of different industries and what is very clear, their level of confidence in the future and their ability to predict with any confidence is at a relative low point right now and for the obvious reasons and if we don’t get our leadership and political act together both in the U.S. and in Europe, this has an impact on economic growth and it will and insurance you know we are a reflection of activities to society at large beginning with economic activity.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Fair enough, one last question if I may just on margins, you have had strong price increases in the U.S. maybe flattish outside the U.S. but you have grown more on property line. So do you expect margins maybe to slightly improve next year versus this year?
Evan Greenberg: No I am not predicting it at this moment. You know I get the mix question I don't but I don't want to give you an off-the-cuff the answer and don't have a thoughtful answer for you right off at the top of my head.
Operator: We will take our next question from Larry Greenberg from Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: 
 :
Evan Greenberg :  It does yes, it does incorporate the highest probability outcome both our current projection as we have it and what I told you guys as what we can model as a worst-case is on the highest probability outcome to us, yes and look what I gave you and I said it clearly but I am going to say it again the $0.19 that we just took that we are going to take in the third quarter as a charge is based on the conditions today as we see them. We don't expect that it's worse than that, if we thought it was worse than that then it would be $0.19, it would be a different number. But what we do know is there still that question out there, could it be worse and no one can predict the weather but what we have said, we said these drought conditions continue right and you got this and it continues right up to harvest time, what is that likely worst case outcome and that's why we put that number out there. It can be anywhere in between right now, we are at $0.19 and that’s the honest representation of it.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Great that’s helpful and you know that volumes in agriculture was flat year-to-date, you had said that you expected it to be down 250 for the year. Is that still the case that you would expect agriculture premiums to be down that much?
Evan Greenberg : Expected to be down closer to Brian Dowd? A 175 million and so we'll see, it will be less than the 250 and you will see that it will show itself.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Cohen from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Topic of the day, crop insurance, just a couple of questions. Phil you had mentioned that the effect of the drought will be in the second half of you said third and fourth quarter. I am assuming the $0.19 kind of incorporates sort of an annual impact or would you expect an additional loss in the third quarter and excuse me in the fourth quarter.
Phil Bancroft :  We were saying that we are going to increase our loss ratio of crop in the second half. In the third quarter, will increase max.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it okay. And the second one it's a small number but the earnings from the ag line were up pretty substantially from a year ago and I am wondering what drove that.
Evan Greenberg:  Brian is giving answer to that question but let's be specific, the crop adjustment year-to-date in the third quarter, the loss ratio is raised 5 points year-to-date in the third quarter. The fourth quarter will carry that same loss ratio, that raised loss ratio that’s in your $0.19 so it effects both the third and fourth quarters.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it.
Evan Greenberg: Okay our second question, Brian?
Brian Dowd:  Second question I guess I think was the year-over-year ag results and this year, remember last year in the farm on the book we had cat activity both flood and tornado losses that’s the real difference this year second quarter, (inaudible) for us on cat loss. On the farm versus the crop specific question, crop no real change year-over-year.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joshua Stirling from Sanford Bernstein.
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: So I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on pricing, commentary obviously that’s it's broadened some of the causalities line, that professional line seem to be taking up internationally is great, would love to get your color though on if this is leading you to reset your sort of general underwriting posture which has been sort of very property focus versus causality over the past couple of years. I mean obviously and the numbers you reported it looks like you did increase you’re casualty writing this year and with pricing up it will be nice to know if you think that’s something that we should broadly see sort of a better place for opportunities these days.
Evan Greenberg: No I don’t agree with how you are viewing it at all. We have many more casualty underwriters in this company than we have property and in fact we have many more casualty units in the company and we have property units, the fact is we play ball the same way in a soft market as we do in a better pricing market. It's just what’s the return we get for the effort. So guys are just getting guys and gals are just getting better returns for their effort right now. So we may have quoted a hundred risks a year ago in a certain casualty line of business and our pricing and terms and conditions would have called for ACE and that could have placed us right outside the market and others would it cheaper and so they win and we lose or in our way of thinking about it they lose we win. And now those same risks we are underwriting them the same way and however the market has raised its standards and so we are more successful in securing those accounts now. We have not switched our focus, the people who do those lines for living, that’s all they do for a living so they are focused on them. It's just the yield for the effort.
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: So marginal change of environment.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t take property underwriters; we don’t take property underwriters and put them in the casualty department.
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: If I could ask one another headline question, although it's not the headline question we all are talking about. Obviously you guys have been defensively underwriting for couple of years broadly and Europe stresses is sort of not an open area is not new news. I would love to get a sense of some of the policies and sort of just generally, sort of industry areas on the liability side that you have been sort of defensively positioned around and I am thinking at things like industry exposures to surety, trade credit, political risk, other financial lines, areas where perhaps you've been monitoring the environment and perhaps so should we.
Evan Greenberg :  You are thinking in context Josh, of Europe?
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Yes I am sorry, in Europe.
Evan Greenberg : Got it, fine, both in Europe and outside Europe related to Europe.
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Yes.
Evan Greenberg : Okay, I am going to ask John Keogh to maybe give you some color around that.
John Keogh :  Josh I will give you some color around our trade credit business since you asked and sure the question is to have is to impact of Europe potential and the book of business. One I can tell you right now from what we are seeing in terms of claim notices or potential for claim activity in Europe or anything that’s coming in other parts of the word is as result of the economic slowdown in Europe. Right now there is nothing we see that is outside we planned for in our your loss claims for clinical risk and trade credit. Having said that we do run models and do run realistic disaster scenarios on those books of business and when we run an RDS that showed what we think would be an extreme event but nonetheless when that we model which is a breakup of Europe where the (inaudible) in core France, Germany seg in the Europe and what that would mean in terms of loss due to political risk and we had business, that model is out to 150 million poor state scenario for loss for us. As respect to surety, we have not been a market for surety in Europe.
Joshua Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Great and just thinking about those sorts of numbers in the political risk business, is that function of you guys sort of mass exposure there or do you think that’s something we could extrapolate to sort of broader industry, industry exposures.
John Keogh : Don’t extrapolate, that was an RDS scenario specifically around a euro breakup defined as the PIIGS countries leaving the Euro zone and what would be, that’s a stone in the global pond and so what would be your global losses in trade credit, political risk as a result of that. Wasn’t just the losses in Euro zone region, it was caused by Euro zone breakup, what would be your losses globally in trade credit, political risk.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS: So just a point of clarification to 5 points that you said is that for crop or the total ag buck.
Evan Greenberg: Crop.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Just crop, that’s what I thought okay. And then just quickly the North American growth, how much of that is coming from recent acquisitions like Penn Miller.
Evan Greenberg: Very, very modest. Penn Miller was roughly 70 million of annual premium.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Got you, so it's organic.
Evan Greenberg: Yes.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great. And then last question, just curious the growth you are seeing your property business, what impact is that having on your PMLs and do you kind of think about that potentially won't accept some more volatility here going forward just because of the attractiveness of the property versus the casualty business.
Evan Greenberg: Brian to-date we have really not increased our PMLs, we have kept them they are steady and the growth we have seen exposure is within the PMLs as we establish them. Would we be willing? Let’s see how pricing looks and opportunity as it presents itself but we have not had we have not increased our PML exposure.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Just one another quick one just curious, Evan are you seeing any benefit from or any flight to quality going on right now particularly with what’s going in Europe and there has been some ratings activity and somebody European insurers, is that been a benefit to you and going forward.
Evan Greenberg: Not really, John you want to add any color on that?
John Keogh: 
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak.
Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak:  This is a sort of a broad conceptual thing but if the Central Banks around the world continue to attempt to keep interest rates as low as possible both short-term and long-term for an extended period of time let’s say another two years or so, it strikes me that that puts tremendous pressure on underwriters who are of less skilled at making underwriting profits than perhaps you are and I'm wondering if you are observing that you having a relatively an advantage relative to other insurers is actually helping you gain market share in the market you want to be in.
Evan Greenberg : 
 : And I think that’s and so you have already seen that, and as the marketplace becomes more disciplined in underwriting it creates varying degrees of opportunity for us which really various byline, by territory and based on our view of what is the experience in that line of business today relative to its price need, relative to what the marketplace will allow in terms of price and so I think what you're speculating out loud, you are actually already seeing it and the question is as to what degree does that continue, accelerate, broaden geographically and that’s a question mark, no one knows. The good news here is we don't need to speculate a lot about it because we are ready when it occurs, when pricing improves and it presents opportunity, we are all day long working on our capability to just be there ready to take advantage of it.
Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak: Well that makes a great deal of sense and then my second question is I think I know the answer, I don’t think it will surprised if answered but I was looking for the potential for a silver lining in this drought, is it possible that the silver lining could be that crop prices are higher in the next crop year and that you end up writing a lot more business.
Evan Greenberg : Commodity prices?
Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak: Yes.
Evan Greenberg : That’s possible. If I was a good or you are a good commodity price pickers (ph) we would be the world's great commodity traders and that’s not what either of us do but of course it's going to depend on global crop conditions as well as projected U.S. weather conditions. And we all know how easy it is to predict the weather.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill:  I wanted to I will also ask a several broad question, my supposition is that as prices increase broadly we should see retentions decline and a well as an acceleration of E&S versus primary. I am not sure, we have seen that and I was curious as to particularly given your large E&S business if you thought there was a reason for that this time around.
Evan Greenberg : Well I don't think you're looking at a raw, hard market. I don’t view this is a hard market, I view it as a that we are in a pricing correction period, hardly in a hard market and I define that broadly were prices are broadly adequate or beyond what you require to beat your hurdle rates in terms of combined ratio on current accident year business. So let’s start with that, secondly when I tell about E&S is while and it's true about a lot of classes that while pricing is improving E&S casualty lines pricing is not improving enough to broadly make most E&S casualty lines attractive underwriting perspective. To me it's sort of like you know the akin workers comp where you look at if the industry is running or 117 or a 120 great you are getting 8 or 10 points, it's hardly enough and you add trend, then put it in the black from an underwriting perspective while that’s true about most E&S casualty lines. So you are not seeing that classic pattern that you would imagine. Though you are seeing incrementally greater opportunity than there was in E&S lines.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: And throughout it's raining in our farm.
Evan Greenberg : Good so you won't be making a claim to us.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: I think it's way too early to tell.
Evan Greenberg : Spoken like a true insured.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank:  I know there has been too many questions on crop but it's really what everyone wants to know, can you talk a little bit about the reinsurance markets and business that you are seeding and given your scenarios how big a loss you are anticipating for the industry both in your modeled $0.19 versus your worst-case scenario?
Evan Greenberg : Sorry Josh, on the reinsurance side I gave a little bit about how our stop-loss that’s as far as I am going to go on that and how the industry is going to run overall in crop insurance is way too early to know, we have no idea. You can talk about us and I can only tell you what I already said about us but I think is pretty fulsome.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well then I will try one more wave I am sure I will be denied, can you talk about you never know, maybe I will get lucky. For your reinsurance in terms of the loss that you are seeding sizeable or right now your retention is high given you’re forecast?
Evan Greenberg : Josh, if you look back on what we I said that we were increasing our loss ratio by $0.19 and that was 5 points of loss ratio and a combined ratio that would put us in a combined ration below a 100%. And I told you we are stop-loss attaches, so actually you did get lucky, I answered your question.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And where are loss cost and access casualty right now, are they benign at this point?
Evan Greenberg : Lost cost, it's never benign, access casualty is never benign but loss cost are I am sorry Shawn brings that our Chief Actuary will finish that.
Sean Ringsted: 
 : There are implications or not, that they are benign.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: No real change from the previous quarters?
Sean Ringsted: Correct.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meyer Shields from Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And then in your commentary you noted that your pricing is better on the E&S side than on the retail side, is there a similar differential in loss-cost trend between E&S and retail?
Evan Greenberg : That it's better on one side than the other side.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Are lost cost trends higher on the E&S side or is it just the market adjusting more rapidly?
Evan Greenberg : Not particularly, no not when you measure more of a like for a like basis, but the portfolios are different. But if I, I am not evading your question but what I am telling you is on level if I could put portfolios like for like they behave the same, but the portfolios by its nature what comes into E&S is tougher more difficult risk.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I think following question, the quarter picked over it's a last year a bigger picture question. If this cycle is going to play a different, like you said it's not a hard market yet and we are going to sort of been I guess what we call goldilocks (ph) which is you know slow increase in pricing greater than trend but we don’t get a true turn if you will. How does that effect the way you approach the market I mean and the reason I am asking as I think of ACE is being a company who is sort of takes advantage of when there is chaos right and when there is disruption and there is big opportunities for you to underwrite people. If we have sort of more steady market that we never get that big hard turn do you have to change the way you approach how you stick to grow the company overtime.
Evan Greenberg : No. Ian let me ask you a question, if we looked at what do you think of this quarters, growth results?
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: To determine it depends on… 
Evan Greenberg : ACEs, do you think they were pretty good?
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I want to see where those accident years end up, first one I will tell you. We are getting profitability and it's growing fast.
Evan Greenberg : I am trying to answer your question, you just now are asking a different question. So I think what I am really trying to say to is, in this environment I think we have taken pretty good advantage of market opportunity as we see it. We are not simply build for a hard market, we are built as an underwriting company to take advantage where we see an opportunity to make an underwriting profit and that’s different than saying you are a company that is just built to take advantage when you can make excessive underwriting profits to fill the holes of the industries bad behavior from the past which is typically what happens in an over correction in a very hard market. In this case, we are seeing more opportunity to earn an underwriting profit because of market pricing than we had seen, we have a very broad geography and product portfolio as you know and I think our revenue growth in the quarter reflects our capability to do that and I think therefore that answers how we look going forward and why say do you know. There is not something to rebuild for a different playbook here.
Operator:  We will take our final question from (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst :  One touch base on two things, first, with the LIBOR scandal for the European banks what’s the potential response or coverage implications for D&O and professional liability writers then I have a follow-up for Phil.
Evan Greenberg:  I am going to ask John Keogh to answer that question and if he is not (inaudible) enough then John Lupica will fill in. Go ahead.
John Keogh:  Sure, I will answer for ACE, I can’t answer for the industry. Generally we are an underwriter for large financial institutions, we don’t take to surprise anybody. So here in the U.S. and internationally. I would say that most of our coverage in this space is in the D&O area, we have pulled away from E&O over the last few years and a very little D&O exposure currently. And then further I suspect D&O business we do a vast majority of our exposure to financial institutions in D&O is Side A only. Now to your question about LIBOR investigation which is underway, I mean I will be just speculating right now, the investigations are underway. The facts are yet to emerge, as those facts emerge they are going to very specific to you know certain allegations and certain financial institutions and what that means for that financial institutions in terms of liability what it means in terms of the actual coverage then they have with the insurance carriers, you that’s all I get to play out.
Unidentified Analyst :  Something like Side A, typically it seems like that may not be designed to respond to civil litigation amounts related to something like that correct?
Evan Greenberg: So Side A is just for situations where the insurer is unable to or unallowed to indemnify the individual direct responses that are covered by policy. So the scenario you worry about their which is the remote one with this big financial institutions is that they are bankrupt and therefore it can’t indemnify because they are financially unable. The more likely scenario to coverage will be derivative action against the financial institution which because the specifics of the derivative which is actually you know pursuing on behalf of the company, against these notes, those sorts of cases are not allowed to be indemnified. That would be the scenario that would be covered, more likely covered by D&O and then it's going to be a question of again the facts just cover apply or their exclusions where you sit, are your primary and therefore you are going to worry about defense cost, are you sitting excess, and remote from that. So it's something I would be very careful to generalize that maybe company or the industry.
Unidentified Analyst:  Right and then typically regulatory fines and penalties aren’t covered under D&O, right?
Evan Greenberg: Typically not, but again you know on either of those policies again that will be very fact specific to the actual policy for me so for particular financial institution. John and we spent a lot of time in the UK.
Unidentified Analyst :  Okay and then for Phil, the effective tax rate continues to run sort below that 18% level that has been kind of modeled for a while. What do you think about for the back half, we are working out effective tax rate come in (ph).
Phil Bancroft : We are not giving guidance on that but I can tell you that it's going to be driven by where our PPD falls and what jurisdiction it falls in and cats as well.
Unidentified Analyst :  Right, so with the crop losses in the second half that have the effect of driving effective tax rate lower.
Phil Bancroft : I would think it would tend to drive it up a bit.
Operator:  That concludes today’s question and answer session. Ms. Wilson at this time I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference call for today. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Evan Greenburg – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Philip Bancroft – Chief Financial Officer Sean Ringsted – Chief Risk Officer, Chief Actuary John Lupica – Chairman, Insurance – North America Helen Wilson – Investor Relations
Analysts: Keith Walsh – Citigroup Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Amit Kumar – Macquarie Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan  Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus Josh Stirling – Sanford Bernstein Brian Meredith – UBS Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day and welcome to ACE Limited’s First Quarter 2012 Earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session at the end of the presentation. You may press star, one on your telephone keypad at any time to enter the question queue, and star, two to remove yourself from the queue. For opening remarks and introductions, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Helen Wilson: Thank you and welcome to the ACE Limited March 31, 2012 First Quarter Earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to Company performance and guidance, premium growth, ACE’s business mix, and pricing and insurance market conditions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and the webcast replay will be available for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments.  Now I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenburg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenburg: Good morning. ACE had a good first quarter. Our results, both revenue and current accident year income, were right on plan, and then we benefited additionally in positive prior period reserve development and life catastrophe losses. Pricing continued to improve and was in line with or a little better than our expectations. All in all, a strong start to the year. After-tax operating income, as you’ve seen, for the quarter was 701 million or 2.05 per share, and our operating ROE exceeded 12%, a very good return. Book value grew 4.5% and now it stands at $25.4 billion. Book value growth benefited from both strong operating income as well as investment portfolio gains resulting from a narrowing of interest rate spreads and favorable equity markets during the quarter. In addition to the portfolio gains, we also had an improvement to the variable annuity mark on the order of about 230 million. Phil will have more to say about the market’s impact on our investment portfolio and the VA mark. Our underwriting results were simply excellent. We had a combined ratio for the quarter of 89.2 and benefited from both positive prior period reserve development that was flat with last year’s first quarter, and of course low cat losses. What is noteworthy is that our ex-cat current accident year operating income was up over prior year, and that included current accident year underwriting that was flat with prior year. This is a reflection of the excellent health of our current business due to our underwriting discipline and our balance of business between various lines and geographies. Total company net premiums in the quarter grew 3.7%. Our growth rate was right in line with our plan. Foreign exchange had approximately a 1% adverse impact on our premium growth rate. For the balance of the year, we expect premium growth to pick up continuously quarter by quarter and average mid to upper single digits in constant dollars, excluding agriculture insurance. Crop premiums, as you know, are impacted by commodity prices, and therefore agriculture will likely be down year-over-year about $250 million. Crop premium volume is concentrated in the second and third quarters. Returning to the quarter, in North America growth was impacted by our continued action to shed risk-transfer workers’ comp business. Even with the current price increases being achieved in the market, this class runs at combined ratios significantly over 100% and simply doesn’t meet our standards. We’ve been exiting this business for three years and by the end of the year our volume will be negligible. Adjusting for this reduction, our underlying growth in North America was around 3% with retail insurance up 3.5 and our wholesale and specialty business about flat. For our U.S. retail commercial P&C book, our new business writings grew 20% year-on-year, albeit from a relatively low base. The renewal retention ratio as measured by premium in our U.S. retail was 94% in the quarter, up from 92% prior year; and on a policy count basis, our renewal retention rate is also up two points to 83%. Our increased retention rates are a consequence of some better pricing and the fact that we began more rigorous portfolio management a couple of years ago. In the quarter, some of the areas where we saw our best growth were property and inland marine, risk management casualty, our U.S. brokerage-generated A&H business, and certain specialty casualty lines such as life sciences and foreign casualty. In addition, ACE Westchester, our E&S business, grew for the second consecutive quarter on the strength of property and inland marine in particular. In our international business, growth in the quarter was quite strong and up about 11% in constant dollars. Retail business through our ACE International division was up 12%. Our wholesale business through our London-based ACE Global Markets franchise was essentially flat. We benefited from double-digit growth in both commercial P&C and A&H in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Our business on the continent was up about 3% while our retail business in the U.K. was down due to competitive market conditions.  A&H globally started the year a little slow in terms of growth due to a few one-time items, but again right on plan. We expect our A&H growth rate to pick up an average mid to upper single digits for the balance of the year. Operating income for A&H globally was up about 10% for the quarter. Our international life business is doing well, growing double digit in Asia and Latin America. Operating income for our life division was up 28% for the quarter. Global re premiums for the quarter were down about 15%. We wrote more property cat business where we found pricing reasonable, particularly in North America. Pricing for other classes of reinsurance business – general casualty and professional lines in particular – remain soft and not in line with our standards to earn an underwriting profit, so we shed more business.  Looking ahead to April, we wrote more property cat in Japan where pricing improved, and overall we expect global re’s growth rate will improve relative to quarter one as the year goes on. To put all of these revenue growth numbers in context, I want to make a few comments about pricing and the market environment generally. In the quarter, as I said in my opening, insurance prices globally were in line with expectations and in the U.S. were sequentially better month by month than what we experienced in the fourth quarter in many classes. Overall for the quarter, pricing in North America was up over 3% and we achieved better rates on new business than renewal. Let me provide a bit of detail. The average rate increase for our retail business went from 1.8% in January to 2.9 in February to 4.6 in March, averaging 2.6 for the quarter. Similarly in our U.S. wholesale business, the average rate increase went from 5.1 in January to 8 in February to about 8.5 in March, again averaging 6.6 for the quarter. To break that down further, property prices benefited from cat-driven pricing increases and were up an average of 11.5% for our retail book, 10% for wholesale, and 17% for energy-related risks. For excess workers’ comp business, prices were up an average of 14%. For marine classes, prices were up an average of 2 to 3, and for casualty classes excluding professional lines, prices also clustered around the 2 to 3% level. The rate of decline for professional lines business slowed to 1% for the quarter, but rates turned positive 1% in March – our best quarter in quite a while. And for our wholesale business, we saw prices increase of about 5% in casualty and environmental, and 4% in professional lines.  Internationally pricings are up for cat-exposed property, particularly in territories that have suffered significant losses. Rates are also up in certain classes of business that have suffered large attritional loss, such as energy and power generation. The balance of international markets remains soft with rates flat to down modestly; frankly, the same as I told you last quarter.  In the U.S. and internationally, most insurers are still underwriting for market share. There’s plenty of capacity available, both insurance and reinsurance. A number of companies, particularly larger and more sophisticated ones, are pressing for rate more broadly. I believe they want to earn a more reasonable return for the risk and are willing to show some discipline. Some are shrinking line sizes or beginning to exit certain businesses altogether; however, there are plenty of competitors around ready to take advantage of more responsible underwriters’ actions. I believe what we are seeing is an income statement and not a balance sheet-driven market pricing correction. This is a pricing correction that beyond comp and cat-related property and a handful of highly stressed lines is still rather modest, inconsistent, and is not yet keeping pace with loss cost trends in many areas. In my judgment, prices generally are still inadequate in most classes to earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return; however, with that said, pricing is slowly improving and for the smart and capable underwriter, any level of pricing relief does create some opportunity for growth, and I can assure you we at ACE aren’t missing that. My colleagues and I can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends.  In summary, we’re off to a very good start to the year. Our income statement and balance sheet are in great shape. Book value growth was excellent. Again, we are on plan and expect revenue growth to pick up as the year progresses. The pricing environment is incrementally better in the U.S. and this is creating some opportunity for growth. Additionally, our business in those areas of the world with more robust economic growth continues to perform well. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil and then we’ll be back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet reached two new milestones this quarter – capital now exceeds 30 billion and shareholders’ equity exceeds 25 billion. Tangible book value per share grew 5% and cash and invested assets grew by 1.2 billion. Net realized and unrealized gains were 570 million pre-tax, including a 390 million gain from the investment portfolio and a 230 million gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio, offset by a few minor items. The gain from the investment portfolio resulted primarily from declining yields on corporate bonds while the VA gain resulted primarily from increases in worldwide equity values and an increase in interest rates on long-term treasuries. The gross realized gain from the mark-to-market accounting treatment for VA was 460 million, offset by the change in the value of the equity hedges of 230 million. Our investment portfolio is in very good shape. We have no exposure to sovereign debt of distressed European and our exposure to euro zone financial institutions totals 1.2 billion, or less than 2% of the portfolio, and is concentrated in northern Europe. The overall credit quality of our euro zone financial institution securities is double-A with over 700 million rated triple-A.  Investment income was 544 million for the quarter. This was approximately 4% lower than the previous quarter, resulting from private equity distributions which vary from quarter to quarter. Our current book yield is 4%. Current new money rates are 3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. We estimate the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately 535 to 540 million on average, again with some marginal variability up or down. Operating cash flow of 570 million was lower than our normal quarterly run rate primarily due to higher cat loss payments and the repayment of cash collateral we received on a large one-off transaction we discussed in the second quarter of last year. These items reduced our cash flow by 200 million. Our net loss reserves were up about 100 million for the quarter and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 108%. Adjusting for cat activity and prior period development, our paid-to-incurred ratio would have been 96%. During the quarter, we had positive prior period development of about 80 million after-tax split about evenly between short and long-tail lines. The casualty release was concentrated primarily in the years 2004 to 2006. We also had 25 million of operating income related to the adjustment for crop results for 2011. The expense ratio was 32.3%, up from 31.5% last year, yet all principle segments had a lower expense ratio. The rise was due primarily to a higher share of premium from the overseas general segment which has a higher expense ratio. Our effective tax rate fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. In Q1, the operating income effective tax rate is low relative to other quarters primarily because we had a greater percentage of our income emerge in lower tax jurisdictions than we would expect. For example, our favorable prior period development was in lower tax jurisdictions. We retroactively adopted the new guidance issued by the FASB related to DAC. As expected, our book value was reduced by about 180 million and there was no significant impact to our income. In the quarter, we accrued 200 million for the payment of common stock dividends. This amount is larger than normal because it includes two quarters of the dividend increase that was approved by shareholders in January. As a result, the accrual includes 40 million for the increase to the fourth quarter dividend and 160 million for the full first quarter dividend. Our press release issued last night included our updated guidance for 2012 simply to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development and lower than expected cat losses realized in the quarter. Our range is $7.03 to $7.43 in after-tax operating income per share for the year. This includes cat losses of 325 million after-tax for the second through fourth quarters. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. I’ll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your telephone keypad to enter the queue. If you would like to remove yourself from the queue at any time, you may press star, two. Once again, it is star, one for questions; and we take our first question from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh- Citigroup: Good morning everybody. First question – you mentioned in your commentary rate’s up, retention’s up, and new business is up, and that just a very different story than we’re hearing from others. I want to know why is that, and then why with new business pricing—why would that be better than renewal? I would think customers would leave for a lower price than they currently have. If you could just talk around that, and then I’ve got a follow-up.
Evan Greenburg: Well, I’m not sure exactly what you mean by all of that, but I’ll add the color I can add to it. First, new business pricing was better than renewal pricing on a line-for-line basis, where we match like-for-like. We achieved better pricing on new than renewal, and you ought to because it’s the new customer to you versus the customer that you know, number one. Number two, ACE has been engaged in, I think probably ahead of others, more rigorous portfolio management and risk selection, and you know for the last two years we’ve been telling you retention rate is down because of portfolio management where we have been shedding business that we understood within a cohort, there is that risk which is better and that risk which is more substandard. And in more finely tuning portfolio management, we could differentiate between that and we were shedding that business that just could not achieve an underwriting profit. Therefore when we’re looking at price increases and better informed by selection, our retention rate is therefore—we’ve already run that gauntlet and our retention rate is therefore improving as a result of that. That’s also helping inform us on the new business that we select. Now, it varies quite a bit by class, as pricing has varied by class, and I gave you that information that you have a better understanding of where we’re seeing greater rate increases versus where it is more modest and tougher.
Keith Walsh- Citigroup: Okay. And then switching gears, the big three brokers – Aon, Marsh, Willis – all have data services they’re selling to underwriters these days. How much do you pay for this, and do you view this as the post-Spitzer pay-to-play 2.0? Thanks.
Evan Greenburg: No, I don’t view it as a post-Spitzer pay-to-play 2.0. Brokers have begun, particularly the big two, have begun to monetize some of their services as they see them in terms of data that can better inform underwriters on their portfolio and their customers so that they can be more efficient in their targeting of that, and a number of companies do participate in that. ACE does participate in that, and I’m not going to discuss bilateral transactions between us and any customer, or any broker. That’s proprietary.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. I’m curious if you see broad pricing momentum continuing in the U.S. I know there’s been no momentum in Europe. I ask because last quarter, I recall you saying that pricing in December was up about 4% in the U.S., and I believe it was up only about 3.6% in 1Q as a whole. So I was just curious if there was any pricing deceleration.
Evan Greenburg: Well, January the pricing—as I gave you month by month, January the pricing fell back overall, and then it improved as the quarter went along, number one. Number two, you’ve got to be careful in looking at any one month and the credibility of that. The cohort gets smaller, and there’s always a change of mix of business between one month and the next month – so was there more property or more casualty, as an example, in a current month. But it is right that you seem some bit of erratic behavior to it, and so can you really discern a pattern? As I’ve looked at it, it looks pretty good that what we have seen of the pricing firming as the quarter went along seemed to be a pattern. Is it anomalous? Will it fall back a bit and be up and down a bit? I’m not sure. I don’t think there’s a way of telling with certainty. What I do believe, which is what I said earlier in my commentary, is that it is more of an income statement driven and not balance sheet driven, so I see it as a pricing correction more than I see—I don’t use the term hard market, and I don’t in my own judgment believe we’re going towards a hard market. A hard market means there’s not capacity, and there is a lot of supply around and capacity around. So I see a market correction that is rational line by line; and where loss ratios and combined ratios are a more acute issue, you’re seeing greater pricing, and where it’s less acute or it’s still a problem but there’s lots of capacity, then you’re seeing less of a pricing correction.  Whether this continues to march along and you’re going to get rate on rate as the year progresses remains to be seen.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s helpful. Lastly in terms of the investment portfolio, I noticed the allocation to A and below rated investments increased roughly 200 basis points sequentially and the duration of the portfolio picked up a little as well. Were those purposeful actions, or more due to rating agency actions or interest rate movements?
Philip Bancroft: So let’s take the shift first. The shift was really the result of an increase in the value of our securities that are A and below rated. We just had an increase in the mark that increase our portfolio. We also had reinvestment of investment income into that portfolio, so those were the major drivers of the increase in that. The increase in the duration was just a tactical move to move more into municipals that had a higher duration, and that had a slight impact on our overall duration.
Evan Greenburg: Very slight movement in those.
Philip Bancroft: Yeah.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay. Phil, can you just lastly comment on the new money rate?
Philip Bancroft: The new money rate we said is about 3% if we invested as in the distribution of our existing portfolio.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners. 
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Hi, good morning. The first question is on political risk insurance – have there been any repercussions from the YPF nationalization in Argentina?
Evan Greenburg: What do you mean by repercussions? You mean what? 
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: So of firstly your exposure, and second are there any knock-on effects from some suppliers or from some business partners that you see?
Evan Greenburg: Are you talking about losses or demand for coverage? I’m sorry, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: The losses, I’m talking about.
Evan Greenburg: No.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay. The second question is on loss cost trends. I believe last quarter you said that loss costs were about 5% for some lines. Some peers had mentioned 4% recently. What are the actual loss cost trends you’ve seen over the last couple of years, and do you see those trends continuing in the future?
Evan Greenburg: I’m going to ask Sean Ringsted, our Chief Actuary, to make a few comments about loss cost trends.
Sean Ringsted: Morning, Vinay. I think I’d start off with a statement that across all lines in general, we see a loss cost trend that’s consistent with our 2012 plan expectations. It does vary, though, by the component pieces of frequency and severity by class of business. If you’re looking at frequency, I think we would say that is flat with a variation by class. As Evan mentioned on the comp side, we’re out of the risk transfer and in the risk management, and there we’ve seen a bit of an uptick in frequency, but that could be a shift into lost time claims for medical and/or the impact of audit premiums. So it’s modest and offset by severity, so I think in general on the comp side we think we’re in line with our plan expectations.  For casualty, it’s choppy. We see classes where frequency is down. We see it flat when you adjust for mix, and some classes have an uptick. But again in general, we think that’s on track with the plan. Some of the casualty for professional, we see some classes that had a high frequency in the recession-impacted years now starting to show a decline in frequency, while for a few smaller specialty classes we’ve seen an uptick in frequency, which we’re watching.  So I think the general theme again is that we’re in line with our 2012 plan expectations. One comment on the 5% that you mentioned – you want to think about that as having a range around that. I think we’ve given in prior calls for some of the higher excess classes. We’re picking a trend higher than that, and that’s consistent with prior years and we’ve not moved around that.
Evan Greenburg: And Vinay, the other thing – when somebody says 4% or 5%, first of all, what line of business are we talking about, and are we talking about primary or are we taking about excess? So you’ve got to get very granular, very specific. And if they add their whole book up and add it up and average it to 4%, everybody’s book is going to be different.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners:  Fair enough. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We now move to Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Thanks and good morning. I guess my first question relates to the current European economic pressures. I’m wondering what sort of impact are you seeing in terms of demand and your premiums as we move towards a recession in many of the countries.
Evan Greenburg: We’re seeing demand on our European book as quite flat, or in certain areas economic activity is declining, so that means exposures necessarily decline. Our European book grew modestly in the first quarter a couple of points, and that was really exposure growth from writing in business, expanding our business, and also getting a little bit of price on property cat-related. Other than that, Europe is flat to down.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie:  Got it. Okay, that’s helpful. The other question I had was on the discussion on the crop book. I think you mentioned that premiums will be down by 250 million or so. I’m looking at the corn and soybean prices and I’m just wondering if you can sort of expand on that, because soybean prices obviously have recovered. Maybe it’s a bit premature, but expand on that comment, please.
Evan Greenburg: Oh, no – everybody’s a farmer now, and every urbanite seems to have a real agriculture thought these days. First of all, it doesn’t matter what commodity prices do through the rest of the year as far is revenue is concerned. Revenue is already in the can; it’s about loss cost now, because the U.S. Department of Agriculture declares a revenue price—it picks a crop price for soybeans and corn that is used to price the insurance product, and that is declared in February sometime, or March. That’s what you’re locked into. Now, where fluctuations in prices matters is at the time in November-December when you get to losses and how you adjust losses, and the differential between the February-March price and the price at year-end comes into play. But as far as revenue is concerned, that was locked.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Evan Greenburg: Now you’re a little smarter, Amit!
Amit Kumar – Macquarie: I think I want to go and try to become a farmer now.
Evan Greenburg: Oh yeah. Good luck, Amit. Stay with analytics.
Operator:  And we’ll take our next question from Thomas Mitchell with Miller Tabak.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: This is just a sort of theoretical question, but we’ve seen several underwriters – yourselves included – who have had in various classes of business anecdotally have given indications that rates are at 3% or 4% or 5% where the underlying premium growth in those lines has been more like 1% or 2%. Even if we’re not in a hard market, it would seem to me that you would need underlying exposure growth to get to total premium growth that would be more than whatever the rate increases are, and I’m wondering if you anticipate that happening any time soon.
Evan Greenburg: Well Tom, I understood your question, and exposure growth comes two ways – it comes from economic activity growing, and by the way let’s just take that we gave you an 80%-some odd, I think it was 83%, renewal retention rate in terms of policy count and 94% renewal retention rate in terms of premium. Two and a half points of that was due to economic activity exposure growth, so you do need exposure growth to help along with that – that’s right, and then after that it’s how much new business exposure growth, so actual units of growth, you take on. We wrote 20% more new business and not enough that it equals the rate increases we’re getting yet – the rate increases? Not enough that it equals the amount of business exactly that we’re losing and then rate increases kind of made up the difference, if you take out workers’ comp, risk transfer workers’ comp, normalizing for that. And so if our new business growth continues to pick up, then that plus rate will overwhelm what you’re shedding or losing on the renewal side. I think I got and answered your question.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Yes, you did. Thank you very much. 
Evan Greenburg: You’re welcome. And you realize that I said that I expect premium growth to pick up as the year progresses.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Yes, without referring to that, that’s what I had in mind. 
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, but I answered that in my commentary already to you. I said mid to upper single digit in the P&C businesses, and I said the same in A&H.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak:  And then the other question is whether you see any areas where there really is—for want of a better term, whether there are underwriting classes where things have gotten so bad that you see opportunity, either in the form of making acquisitions, significant new business that you haven’t already started with. Japan might be an example.
Evan Greenburg: I’m sorry?
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: I’m sorry – when I say so bad, I mean Japan might turn out to offer some of those opportunities for instance, is the idea.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, not on the acquisition side but on new business. You know, we have an operation in Japan and we’re on the hunt there, but so far the Japanese have circled the wagons on the business that they have, but we’re seeing some opportunity begin to emerge there, and more may, particularly with the overseas interest exposure of major Japanese corporations, where Japanese insurance companies were in essence kind of taking one for the team and were naïve in their underwriting. There, we may be seeing—we’re seeing some opportunity and that may accelerate. Time will tell. As far as more broadly, we’re seeing around the margin, around the edges in certain specialty lines and targeted areas, but nothing of great significance yet. Not a hard market. As far as whether we’re seeing that on companies themselves who might have pressure, well, nothing I’d care to comment about.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good morning. Wanted to just pursue the guidance. It’s very hard to get to the guidance that you guys outlined unless I don’t assume much improvement in the combined ratio year-over-year, so I’m trying to reconcile what is clearly an improving top line scenario given your commentary, the actuarial commentary that loss trend is in line with expectation, and then run that through my model and get to your guidance. The only way I can do that is—something doesn’t connect in the model, so just kind of curious how you’re thinking about margin progression as the year plays through.
Evan Greenburg: Well, we can’t comment on your model, and I’m going to turn it over to Phil in a second. Your model is your model. We give you a range, though, of our current accident year expectation, a range around that in the beginning of the year – we did as to what we thought our EPS would be on an operating income, on a current accident year basis. W told you what the cat loss expectation is within that. We have now updated that simply to add in the prior period development we had and to simply to add back into income the difference between what we originally expected for first quarter cat losses and what actually occurred. And other than that, we left the year exactly the same on a current accident year basis. Now, how it’s made up of investment income or underwriting income, we did not give you those pieces.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay. I guess by way of follow-up, when you set up the guidance back then, did you think pricing would be as good as it was right now and that loss costs would be in line with what you thought? Loss cost is what you thought?
Evan Greenburg: I think as I said in the very beginning, Greg, that pricing in the first quarter was basically in line with what we expected in our planning, and our revenue was in line with our planning. We were right on plan in the first quarter. 
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Got it, okay. The numbers are great; I’m just curious.
Evan Greenburg: In terms of current accident year, in terms of underwriting, and in terms of revenue, we were right where we were, and by the way I believe in the previous quarter Phil had given you at that moment what we understood at that moment about investment income, and the first quarter was right in line with that as well.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenburg: You’re welcome. And remember, new business has to earn, and the premium you write this year has to earn its way in.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: I was wondering if there was a lag and that’s just what we’re dealing with, which sets up really nicely into next year, so.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, sure, and then we have—well, I didn’t mean yeah, sure that we’re set up nicely with the next year, but remember you’ve got to be careful with us when you think about current accident year on mix of business. Remember, we shed high combine ratio business that doesn’t meet our standards, so you look at a workers’ comp, risk transfer comp, it’s down to almost nothing, and last year it was more. We’ve been shedding business like that. You know, heck with market share in that. That, it’s not just a matter of rate increase. And then that A&H business keeps growing and international and other areas keep growing, so the mix of business has an impact that you can’t exactly see completely. You’d have to work here to see it. But that’s another ingredient you’ve got to keep in mind.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And for our next question, we go to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Good morning everyone. Evan, I want to talk a little bit more about the risk transfer workers’ comp. You guys have been downsizing, you said, for three years, but that really accelerated at the end of last year. Given that it’s right at the same time that pricing picked up, the industry was reporting somewhere maybe north of 110% combined. What did you see in it that just as pricing was picking up, you guys wanted to go cold turkey on it?
Evan Greenburg: Well first of all, I don’t—yes, north of 110. I’d say north of 115 or 120, an interest rate environment that is—you know, what does the yield curve show you, the 10-year yield curve. You know, there’s no percentage in it, not for us, and ACE was never a major writer of that business. It was X-hundreds of millions of dollars at its high point, and it didn’t accelerate in the fourth quarter – I don’t agree with that. We’ve been shedding it almost ratably, almost on a pro rata basis starting around two and a half years ago, I suppose, and we’re almost completely done with it.  It’s just nickels and dimes, and to put a number on it, we shed about 25—you know, because I gave you the difference in growth rates without it, so if you did the math you’d see that we shed about $25 million in the first quarter. Not that big.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And then your appetite—I’m sorry? I’m sorry, I interrupted you. What did you say?
Evan Greenburg: I said you could see that it’s not a—you know, in percentage terms on North America, it had a couple of points, but $25 million is just not a lot of premium for ACE.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Understood. And do you still think there’s room for profitability in the excess workers’ comp space?
Evan Greenburg: We have been in that business for a long time. We have a pretty seasoned book of that business and we write it two ways. Mostly we write it where we write the underlying risk management contract, so it’s different how that business behaves when you are handling all the primary underlying for a self-insured, and that’s what we’re doing primarily. And then we write a modest book of standalone work comp excess, which is for larger accounts, which we’ve also been doing for a long time.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And just to complete that thought, 2010 versus 2011 loss cost trend in workers’ comp, how quickly was that accelerating for the industry, for you? Any color you can give there?
Evan Greenburg: Well, the industry acceleration, I’m not going to be the expert. I’ve talked to guys who write bit bucket loads of that, but you certainly have been seeing the data recently emerge on California, which is a very large percentage, as you know, of the overall industry’s risk transfer comp business, and you see how California is behaving ’10 to ’11 and there you’re seeing both frequency and severity issues emerge.  On the balance of our book of business, for our book of business ex-the risk transfer comp where we write risk management business, and that’s where we’d write excess, we’ve seen a good deal of stability between ’11 and ’10. It’s been pretty flat.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Thank you for the color.
Operator: Next we go to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I had a question – I’m kind of looking at your retention. It’s obviously high, it’s growing. Your pricing commentary may be below some peers that we’ve seen just here recently. Just trying to understand – does that reflect more mix of your business, or how do you look at the trade-off between retention and pricing? And just one follow-up, thanks.
Evan Greenburg: Are you talking about net to gross retention versus—
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: No, I’m sorry – I mean your comment about 94% on dollars and 83% on policy count, both up a couple of points it sounded like.
Evan Greenburg: Yes, and the question is--? I’m sorry.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Just the question is—yeah, how you think about retention. So is there a point where retention is too high and where maybe you’re able to kind of push for more rate, an efficient frontier, I guess if you will, of retention and pricing.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, I see where you are. I focus more on that 83% when I think about that question than I do the 94%, because that has revenue tied to it. Obviously is the difference between the two, right – it’s exposure, it’s rate increase, and then it’s a question of did you keep the bigger risks and shed smaller risks, okay? You get what I’m--? That’s the difference between the two, those elements. So I focus on that 83, and that 83, you know, that could go to 85, 87. I’ve seen it in that range before. In a hard market, I’ve seen it up at around 89. So it depends on where we see the market environment, but there can be some—there’s still some more elasticity in that potentially. And then yes, of course, we’re always studying each line of business and each office, and down to underwriters, as to where do you—where the anomalies end up, and are we somehow trading market discipline and our underwriting discipline in any area. So we’re constantly surveying it on a granular basis.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: I guess the question is would you be willing to see that fall into the 70s if you could get a point or two rate?
Evan Greenburg: I have, I have. I was reporting those kinds of numbers to you last year and the year before where we were talking 80%, 81, and I was talking 78 or 79 two years ago when we were—especially as we were beginning to be engaged in more refined portfolio management.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: All right, understood. And just one follow-up, I guess – you kind of mentioned an income statement-driven pricing change this time around is kind of what it feels like. Does that reduce the need or desire, the approach to accumulate capital? I mean, you’re running about 3.5 billion a year, it looks like, just from a cash flow perspective, and if big chunky opportunities don’t arise, if that is the flavor of this inflection point that we’re seeing right now, does that mean that we can expect you to warm up to other deployment actions?
Evan Greenburg: Well, I do think it is more income statement than balance sheet-driven. We’re constantly assessing opportunities on deploying capital. Be careful with your 3.5 billion number. I don’t know really where you get that number. Be careful – cash flow is first of all not earnings, and secondly we have capital needs that also grow, and that’s based on exposures and mix of business and jurisdictions and rating agencies and regulators who are all constantly changing, so you’ve got a needs side on one hand and you’ve got an earnings generation side on the other hand. Then you’ve got increases dividends that we pay to our shareholders, so you’ve got to consider the whole picture when you start thinking of how we might be accumulating more capital flexibility.  Secondly, opportunity comes a little lumpy and the money is not burning a hole in our pocket, as I tell you continuously. We have a long-term strategy, and we’re clear and focused and very disciplined about it. But if ultimately we don’t believe that we can deploy that capital at a rate that meets our hurdle rate of return to shareholders, then we will find other ways to return that money to shareholders, and we know that.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it. I understand. Yeah, I’m just wondering if this is—
Evan Greenburg: And remember, I look at a 12%--I look at an excess of 12% ROE and I say, yeah, that’s pretty good in this environment, and I think our ROE has continued to be quite good. We’ve used money to grow the company and it’s still gone toe-to-toe in ROE fundamentally with those who have been increasing their ROE by buying back stock. So we’ve kept faith with shareholders, and yes, ROE does scrub—the surplus capital does scrub a few points off of ROE, and we know that and we think that’s a price that is worth paying for long-term shareholder value creation.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: All right. But it sounds like you look at it—seasons change, things change. You’re kind of looking at everything with same picture, maybe a different lens, but as—
Evan Greenburg: All the time. Constantly. It’s dynamic. We’re not religious about them.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to a question from Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi, good morning Evan. First I wanted to follow up on the question about new business versus renewal. Just to clarify – are you saying the rate increases are greater on new business versus renewal, or the tactical ratio or ROE or however you want to think about it are higher on new business than renewal?
Evan Greenburg: No, the rate. The rate.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So you’re getting—so you’re actually getting better--
Evan Greenburg: The adequacy of the rate, so that’s how you measure cohort to cohort. It is better adequacy on the new than it is on the renewal.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: And can you help me understand why that is, because I guess that seems a bit surprising just—you know, your competitors I would think, if that business was priced so well, wouldn’t let it get to market. Why is the business hitting the market better than the business that’s on your books, when what’s on your books is probably better than what’s on other people’s books because you’ve been more diligent about re-underwriting in the past few years?
Evan Greenburg: You know, I’m going to give you a general comment and then I’m going to ask John Lupica to give you a little color on that also. I want to be careful in this statement – different underwriters handle their issues differently than each other, and some take a blunt instrument approach and they will simply say, listen, I want X-percentage on the entire class of business and that’s all there is to it. They do less distinction between risks, and there is one flash to you as to a reason why you will get better adequacy on some business than you might otherwise expect. Do you understand how I--?
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I think so, but is that—
Evan Greenburg: I’m going to ask John to add a little color. Would I what?
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Would you say that’s normally the case for you that new business pricing is better than renewal, or is that something that’s flipped?
Evan Greenburg: No, no, it depends. It’s so dynamic, it depends on where you are in the market cycle. I could tell you that generally in a soft market, why were we writing less and less and less new business? Our new business rates have declined. I mean, they were up 20%. One of the questions to ask me is, where was your new business three years ago? How does it relate today to what you did three years ago? It’s probably half of what we wrote three years ago, or less; and so now it starts increasing. Why did it happen then? Because new business was coming at relativities – and we were telling you at the time, new is 90% or 95% of the renewal business.  You’re getting old again – you’ve got to remember back to that. You were asking that question. You get what I mean? I’m going to ask John to add a little color to that.
John Lupica: Just to add on that, to Evan’s point, our new business space is relatively small compared to the entire portfolio, and on a year-over-year basis we have seen it up a little bit, as Even has reported. One example is really property where we can get new pricing adequacy that’s well in excess of 100% of our renewal base. It’s really because of the portfolio optimization that we’ve done within our organization. We can look to charge more for the capacity that we’ve allocated to that line of business on capital that we have within the organization. So as we look at the price movements, it’s really a mater of looking at what we have in the portfolio, how are we able to reallocate, and how we’re able to see the deployment at a little higher and better rate. In property, we’ve seen it up. In our (inaudible) risk management business, we’ve seen the adequacy up as, again, we’re selective about the new business, we’re seeing more opportunity, and we get to pick where we can deploy it fastest.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, that makes sense. I’m with you now. And just a transition from there to a follow-up on, I think, the other topic about what does this mean. You know, some of your peers talking about pricing X versus loss cost Y, and therefore we’re going to see X near improvement and so on and so on, and I know that’s a hard question to answer because of some of things you already discussed on mix and these other issues. But based on your comments, is it fair to say at least on a written basis for now that you think the business you’ve written year-to-date, let’s say, on a written basis has a priced ROE better than the business you were writing a year ago?
Evan Greenburg: I’d say in aggregate, yes – modestly better.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, but that’s on a written—
Evan Greenburg:  For the United States, I would say that’s true. But then I’ve got to tell you, after that general statement, I then go line by line because you’ve got to distinguish long-tail versus short-tail. If I took away and just looked at the long-tail by itself, I’m more circumspect about giving that as an answer. I would say rate of deterioration has slowed, but I wouldn’t say that it’s leaped ahead. 
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Got it. But as your mix shifted—
Evan Greenburg: I’m not there. 
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay, but on a total portfolio because your mix shift is moving away from those lines and more towards the former lines, there’s probably a positive mix—
Evan Greenburg: I’d say between selection and pricing, and with all business together, yes.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein. And Mr. Stirling disconnected. We’ll move on to Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan : Hey, good morning. I guess first question is you had a line in your annual I liked a lot, which was talking about the industry having excellence in managing mediocrity. But obviously this isn’t a traditional hard market – the tide isn’t going to lift all boats. But I’m wondering if that’s a better environment for you to further differentiate yourself and your performance, given some of the investments you made in underwriting which you’ve highlighted in parts of the call this morning.
Evan Greenburg: You know, I don’t know if I would consider it better or worse or any of that. I don’t really think in those terms – maybe I’m warped. For me, I just think about it, just tell us the ballgame we’re playing. Whatever game we’re playing, we’re fine. We’re going to do just fine and we’re happy. We will outperform, and in my mind if it’s going to be a market like this that has this kind of stability to it, this characteristic of stability, it obviously on one hand prolongs any notion of a hard market. On the other hand, it does create, as you say, more opportunity given our parts and pieces, and in this business there’s always a deviation around the mean. Everybody doesn’t perform the same and there’s great opportunity to distinguish yourself one side or the other of the mean. This does give us opportunity and I believe that we’ll always perform better, and it’s better than the market it was a year ago. So we’ll take advantage. Obviously if you had a real hard market, I’m confident ACE would double or triple its size. In this case, we’re going to grind out singles and doubles, and you know what? No problem. Let’s play ball.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: Thanks for that. The other question I had – could you talk about some of the things in the A&H segment that just led to this being a little bit lower growth quarter? I’m just curious—you know, the past dynamic has been international growing and domestic pretty stagnant. You mentioned a pick-up in U.S.-brokered business, but on the international side I’d be curious whether or not, let’s say—some of the emerging markets, right, are still posting healthy growth but not seeing as much momentum in some of the economic activity as seen in the past. I’m just curious if whether or not that’s something we should worry about correlating to your own business growth.
Evan Greenburg: Sure. No, I don’t see that. The areas where we’ve been getting growth in A&H internationally where they’ve been double digits continue to be double digits, and I see that for the balance of the year. If anything, I’ve seen it improve overall. Europe is soft, flattish, but that’s been that way. The U.S. brokerage business is a relatively small book, but—I say relatively small, it’s still hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, the brokerage business, and it’s a good business and that has grown fairly nicely. We had a couple of one-off items this quarter, particularly in Europe and Japan, that just depressed the growth rate, and that’s why I see it returning to mid to upper single digits as the year goes along. Combined itself – combined is starting to show some signs to me and to the management where leaving aside the U.K., Ireland, where just the regulatory environment—that aside, but where I look at the major portfolios, which is the U.S., Canada, Australia, that business – we’re seeing that stabilize and we’re seeing the early signs right now of what we think is pick-up in growth. And we think that will start to show in those numbers by year-end or the first quarter of next year.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks much.
Evan Greenburg: Actually, I’m pretty bullish about A&H.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan : It sounds it.
Operator: We go now to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. I just wanted to throw in two small questions, if I can. One – does the shift more towards property and away from casualty that we saw in the quarter does that imply any constraint on further portfolio duration lengthening?
Evan Greenburg: In the investment portfolio? No, but I’m going to let Phil on.
Philip Bancroft: No, we don’t expect that. We manage our durations slightly lower than the duration of our overall liability anyway, so we don’t see any significant shift caused by a shift in the business.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, fantastic. And could you talk about whether or how casualty reserves from accident years 2010 and 2011 have played out so far?
Evan Greenburg: Casualty reserves from 2010, 2011? It’s way too early. It’s way too early. You know, look – good news comes early, bad news comes late, and it’s so immature but we don’t see anything negative emerging on those years to us, from what we expect.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go now to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling – Sanford Bernstein: Hey, thank you for taking my call, and I apologize about that before – apparently I just don’t know how to use my telephone. A very brief question – obviously you’ve been positioning a leveraging mix to avoid workers’ comp and some casualty lines. What sort of benchmarks should we be looking for when we think about other competitors and broadly the industry getting maybe 8% of rate? How much rate do you think that line needs before it starts to get to be attractive returns which would allow us to be more constructive and allow you to sort of think about getting more active there, or in other sort of similarly long-tailed casualty lines?
Evan Greenburg: Well I think, Josh, what you have to do, you can do it pretty easily yourself. Take workers’ comp, look at NCCI and other data, which you get pretty easily, and see what they tell you about combined ratios right now. But let’s call them in the 120 range, and then imagine the yield curve, which is going to take you from 2 to 3 to 3.5% over a 10-year period approximately – don’t hold me to that. You’ll see the yield curve. And then, apply rate on that and imagine that paid claims—if you’re going to finish this, imagine paid claims, that you pay out half roughly in the first five years and then you pay out the balance over the duration after that, which is between year 5 and, call it, year 15 – most all of it’s gone. You still have some left at the tail. So if you run all that out and apply what you think is a loss cost, which we’ll tell you in our judgment on that business is 5 or 6%, medical doesn’t—you know, medical just moves along. I think you’d see that you’d probably got to run it in the 90s to get any kind of return on capital that starts to make you interested, and I’m not sure that an 8 or 10% rate increase on that does that for you.
Josh Stirling – Sanford Bernstein: Yeah, I think if the math used that one, it’d probably be 30 or 40 points of rate need.
Evan Greenburg: You’ve got the calculator.
Josh Stirling – Sanford Bernstein: Yeah, that’s right. And I guess the final question that’s related to this is when we see you guys improving your accident, your loss ratios year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, should we think about that—just because we don’t have line of business detail, should we think about that primarily as driven by mix shift away from casualty lines, or is that underlying improvements across the various businesses?
Evan Greenburg: No, I don’t think you see improving quarter on quarter on quarter. It bounces around and mix shifts kind of by quarter, because there’s seasonality to some of our business, to much of the business, and some businesses aren’t so seasonal, like A&H isn’t as seasonal, but other businesses have a seasonality to them, and you’ve got foreign exchange. You know, you can’t exactly—it’s not symmetrical on a quarter-by-quarter.
Josh Stirling – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks for fitting me in.
Operator: And now we go to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Hey, good morning. Two quick questions here for you. First one – Evan, it sounds like the wholesale market right now is getting a little bit more rate, and maybe business is moving that way. Can you just remind us what your breakdown of wholesale versus retail is in the U.S. when we look at your commercial business?
Evan Greenburg: First of all, I don’t see the business moving that way. I do see improved pricing in wholesale versus retail, but as far as classic hard market where you see a tremendous amount of business move out of the retail into the wholesale business, we do not see that. You see it more in property cat-related area as, for instance, a line of business because they’re searching capacity out. But beyond that, we don’t see it. It’s very much on the margin right now, number one. Number two, the mix – ACE Bermuda we throw in, and we throw in Westchester. Those two are what we consider our wholesale and P&S-related North America business. The balance U.S.A. and the other businesses like our personal lines business, that all forms part of retail. You know, we’re seeing growth on the Westchester side. The ACE Bermuda side, which as you know is high excess, we’re not seeing growth there. We’re seeing the business flat.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Okay, great. And just to follow on your comment on personal lines, I’m curious your thoughts on kind of the personal lines market right now, opportunities there for you. I mean, you’d mentioned at your investor day you’d like that to be ultimately 20% of your mix. Where do we stand there?
Evan Greenburg: And remember I said that globally, so our personal lines business in the U.S. and internationally is right on plan. When I look at their first quarter, their revenue growth and what we expect from them as far as the expense ratio and loss ratio, their fundamentally right on plan. The U.S. is continuing to move, just focused on that high net worth market, and I think in a disciplined way in terms of pricing and risk selection and concentration management and product and – the most important – service to customers, and distribution management. That is right on track for us, so I’m feeling pretty good about that, and I think year-end you saw we were roughly, I think, about a billion and a half of personal lines business in total, so it’s growing.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Great, thank you.
Operator: For our final question, we go to Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. I did have one question – I wouldn’t mind hearing more about the life insurance segment, and specifically underwriting income where the top line is growing but you have seen the margins on that business get worse. I know there’s a lot of changes in there, so I’m wondering if you can give a bit more clarity to what’s happening in that business.
Philip Bancroft: Two things happened in the quarter. If you look at the benefit ratio, it’s up and I would say artificially, because we have those separate account—the separate account growth is split between other income and benefits. So you’ll see in the table that’s in the supplement, the benefits are up but we also have a reduction in the expense for the benefit that we take on the other side of the separate account. So that washes out. We did have a slight increase in the benefit ratio net of that because we had a little bit of an increase in the VA benefit ratio. The other thing you’ll see is that the impact of the DAC in this quarter increased the expense ratio. So—
Evan Greenburg: You know, which we have the debate in here. The real measure of life insurance, the more we’re growing the traditional life insurance business, the real measure is operating income. Loss ratio is right for the P&C business. Benefit ratio is a better measure for life insurance; and then as Phil said, when you write separate account business, you’re earning your income between the underwriting line and the other income line.
Philip Bancroft: And it just washes out to zero because it all belongs to the policy holders.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, so you’ve got to—be careful with that line.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. And I guess while we’re on the topic, can you talk about if the acquisitions in that business that you made over the past several years and how those are playing out?
Evan Greenburg: Yeah. The acquisitions we made were Hong Kong and Korea of New York Life’s business, and they’re both playing out as we expected them to. Hong Kong is on plan and is in fact growing agents and growing business. Korea, we knew would take longer. We knew that it would—actually as we acquired it, it was in a more unstable—as it came to us, a more unstable condition. It has stabilized and roughly a quarter later than we expected it to, so fundamentally that works for me. And it’s beginning to pick up and grow its agents, and right behind that it will start growing its business. So it’s where we expected both of them to be.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s call. Once again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard G. Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dino E. Robusto - Executive Vice President and President of Personal Lines & Claims John D. Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee Paul J. Krump - Executive Vice President and President of Commercial and Specialty Lines
Analysts: Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ian Gutterman Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steve R. Labbe - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's fourth quarter 2011 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the fourth quarter 2011, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through February 24, 2012. Those listening after January 26, 2012 should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We have strong results in the fourth quarter and after experiencing record catastrophe losses in the first 9 months, I'm happy to say that we had a much lower level of cats this quarter. Given the continued weakness in the global economy and low-interest rates, we're especially pleased that we produced $452 million of net income for the quarter. Operating income per share was $1.63 and annualized operating ROE was 13.1% for the quarter. Net income per share was $1.60 and annualized ROE was 11%. Net written premiums for the fourth quarter were up 4%, reflecting rate improvements in all 3 of our business units. We continue to see sustained momentum in the standard commercial rate increases that we've been discussing for the last few quarters. And in professional liability, we secured rate increases for the first time in 2 years. We also obtained rate increases in Personal lines. Nevertheless, our marketplace is still very competitive and we remain steadfastly focused on writing profitable business.  GAAP book value per share at 2011 year end was $57.15, up 2% compared to the end of the third quarter, and up 9% compared to year end 2010. Our capital position is strong and Ricky will talk about capital management including the new share repurchase program we announced today. As you saw in our press release, we provided operating income per share guidance for 2012 of $5.30 to $5.70. We'll have more to say later on guidance as well as our full-year results.  And now, Paul will discuss the performance of Chubb's commercial and specialty insurance operations and provide some market color.
Paul J. Krump: Thanks, John. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, net written premiums for the fourth quarter were up 8% to $1.2 billion. The combined ratio was 93.2 versus 93.5 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's fourth quarter combined ratio was 93.6 compared to 91 in the fourth quarter of 2010, driven largely by higher losses in property. For the full year, the impact of catastrophes accounted for 10.5 percentage points of CCI's combined ratio in 2011, compared to 5.4 points in 2010.  We are pleased that CCI's average United States renewal rates were up 6% in the fourth quarter. Rate momentum continue to build as evidenced by the fact that the fourth quarter's 6% compares to the 4% we reported in the third quarter, 2% in the second quarter and flat in the first quarter. Retention for the fourth quarter was 85%, the same as in the third quarter. The new to lost business ratio was 1.1:1, slightly higher than the third quarter and a little lower than the average for the year. Even more encouraging is the fact that CCI's secured United States renewal rate increases in each line of business in the fourth quarter. Monoline property rates increased the most, reaching the double-digit mark, followed in order by general liability, worker's compensation, excess umbrella, package, commercial automobile, boiler and marine. Also indicative of the improving pricing environment is that only about 10% of the CCI business we renewed in the fourth quarter received a rate decrease, compared to about 50% in the fourth quarter of 2010.  On the flip side, in the fourth quarter of 2011, we secured rate increases on 70% of the renewed business, compared to 30% in the fourth quarter of 2010. In markets outside of the United States, CCI obtained renewal rate increases in Canada as well as continued increases in countries that experienced recent catastrophes such as Japan, New Zealand and Australia. Rates in Europe continued to be flat.  Turning to CSI, net written premiums for professional liability were down 2% in the fourth quarter of 2011 to $648 million, and the combined ratio was 96.1 compared to 88.7 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Based on our year-end analysis, we raised our estimate for the professional liability combined ratio in accident year 2011. The increase was primarily in the crime and employment practices liability classes, which have been adversely affected by the economic downturn. As you know, the crime class is inherently lumpy and in the fourth quarter, we experienced some heavy, large loss activity in accident year 2011. We also made modest increases to our accident year 2011 estimates in public D&O, reflecting the rising cost of merger and acquisition objection claims.  In the quarter, the overall professional liability accident year 2011 results therefore reflect a modest underwriting loss, which was more than offset by continued favorable development on prior accident years. For the full year, accident year 2011 for professional liability is at about an underwriting break even and our calendar year results benefited from significant favorable development.  With respect to the rate environment, we are pleased that average renewal rates for professional liability in the United States turned positive in the fourth quarter, averaging 1%. For perspective, that positive 1% compares to the negative 1% we reported in the third quarter, negative 2% in the second quarter and negative 3% in the first quarter of 2011. The last time we obtained positive rate increases in the United States for professional liability was 2009 when there was a fair amount of market disruption in the wake of the financial crisis. Prior to that, rates had not increased since the first quarter of 2004.  CSI renewal retention was 85% in the fourth quarter, a decline from the 89% we've reported in the third quarter of 2011. We believe the trade-off of retention for rate was a good one made even better as we carefully called our least attractive business. The new to lost business ratio was 0.7:1 in the fourth quarter, down from 1.3:1 in the third quarter, as we took an especially disciplined underwriting and pricing approach to new business.  A review of renewal rates by line of business in the fourth quarter for professional liability in the United States is encouraging. Importantly, rates for all 3 segments of our Directors and Officers liability book of business, those segments being public companies, private companies and not-for-profit entities, all experienced low single-digit increases. Regarding the renewal rates for our other professional liability lines of business, crime, employment practices liability and fiduciary were positive in the fourth quarter while financial fidelity and errors and omissions were flat.  Outside of the United States, the rate environment for professional liability remains unchanged in the fourth quarter with average rates down by low single digits.  Regarding the surety portion of our CSI book, net written premiums in the fourth quarter were up 6% to $88 million and the combined ratio was 47%.  And with that, I will turn it over to Dino, who will review Personal Lines and Claims.
Dino E. Robusto: Thanks, Paul, and good evening, everyone. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 3% in the fourth quarter to $991 million. CPI produced a combined ratio of 86.9 compared to 83.7 in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes for the quarter was 1.6 points in 2011, whereas in the fourth quarter of 2010, the impact of cats was 1 point. For the full year, CPI produced a combined ratio of 98.3 including 13.1 percentage points of catastrophes, compared to a combined ratio of 91.5 including 10.2 points of catastrophes in 2010.  The large impact events in 2011 for CPI were Hurricane Irene, the tornadoes and wind storms in the U.S. and the flooding and cyclone in Australia. Homeowners premiums were up 3% for the quarter and the combined ratio was 82.3, compared to 78.8 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 3 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to 2 points in the fourth quarter of 2010. While cat losses were low in the quarter, we did experience relatively higher non-catastrophe weather-related water, wind and brushfire losses in the U.S. In the fourth quarter of 2011, non-cat weather-related losses in the U.S. accounted for about 6 points of the worldwide homeowners combined ratio, which is 3 points higher than the impact in the fourth quarter of 2010. For all of 2011, non-catastrophe weather-related losses in the U.S. accounted for about 8 points of the worldwide homeowners combined ratio, compared to an average of only 5 points over the prior 5 years.  In part, due to the recent heavy cat and non-cat weather-related losses, we are now filing for homeowners rate increases in the U.S., mostly in the 5% to 6% range, compared to earlier in 2011 when they were in the 3% to 4% range and we anticipate filing for additional rate increases as needed. Given the widespread rate taking in the general market, we do not think this will have a significant impact on our retention or our ability to attract new customers as evidenced by our experience in 2011.  Indeed, in the fourth quarter of 2011, homeowners in the U.S. had its 8th consecutive quarterly increase in policy count retention, ending the year with a U.S. homeowners retention rate of 91% nearly a point higher than a year earlier. Homeowners new business was also up increasing 8% for the year.  Personal auto premiums increased 1% and the combined ratio was 93.3. Like homeowners, personal auto policy count retention increased by 1 point from a year earlier to 89%.  In other Personal lines, premiums were up 4% driven largely by growth outside the United States. The combined ratio was 94.7. In short, we are very pleased with the performance of our Personal Lines business.  Turning now to claims. As John mentioned, the big story of the year was catastrophes, which accounted for 8.9 percentage points of the 2011 combined ratio for Chubb as a whole. Fortunately, the extraordinarily high level of catastrophe losses we experienced in each of the first 3 quarters of the year was not repeated in the fourth quarter. There were 4 cat events outside the U.S. during the fourth quarter. For the industry, the most noteworthy was the Thailand flooding, but that was not a major event for Chubb.  In the U.S., there were 2 cat events, the more significant of which was the late October snowstorm. Fourth quarter cat events represented about 2.5 points of our combined ratio but were partially offset by about 2 points of benefit from downward revisions of our estimated losses from catastrophes that occurred in the first 3 quarters of 2011.  On previous calls, I've spoken about how highly our customers rate our claim service. I can now give you numbers for all of 2011 including catastrophe claims. 97% of homeowner customers responding to our post claim surveys were highly satisfied with Chubb's service, which is the highest rating on the survey form. Given the plethora of cat events throughout most of this year, this is a result we are very proud of. One final word about claims, the number of new claims related to the credit crisis was insignificant throughout 2011 and losses are developing consistent with our expectations.  And now, I'll turn it over to Ricky, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Richard G. Spiro: Thanks, Dino. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income was $284 million in the quarter, property and casualty investment income after tax was down 1% to $316 million in the quarter due primarily to the continued decline in reinvestment rates. Net income was lower than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment losses before tax of $12 million or $0.03 per share after tax, largely driven by losses from our alternative investments. For comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2010, we had net realized investment gains before tax of $155 million or $0.33 per share after tax. Unrealized appreciation before tax at December 31, 2011 was $2.7 billion, an increase of approximately $400 million from the end of the third quarter. For comparison, at year-end 2010, unrealized appreciation before tax was $1.7 billion.  The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42.8 billion as of December 31, 2011. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.7 years and the average credit rating is Aa2. In light of the headlines surrounding Europe, I thought I would take this opportunity to give you an update on our international investment portfolio, which represented 24% of our total invested assets at December 31, 2011. Our international investment portfolio totaled $10.1 billion of which, $10 billion was invested in high-quality fixed maturity securities and short-term investments. The international fixed maturity portfolio had an average credit rating of Aa2 and was heavily concentrated in AAA rated sovereigns and supernationals. Our 5 largest sovereign exposures are Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany and Brazil, which accounted for 50% of our total international investment portfolio. At year-end, we had no exposure to sovereigns in Greece, Portugal, Ireland and Italy, and only $13 million of exposure in Spain. Our total exposure in the so called PIGS countries including non-sovereign was less than 2% of our international investment portfolio and less than 0.5% of our total invested assets.  We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At December 31, 2011, our holding company portfolio had $2.2 billion of investments including $1 billion of short-term investments. This reflects the repayment of $400 million of senior notes that matured in November. Book value per share under GAAP, at December 31, 2011, was $57.15 compared to $52.24 at year end 2010, an increase of 9%. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized cost, was $51.38 compared to $49.05 at year end 2010. With respect to the changes in book value during the quarter, I'd like to point out that the positive impact of the increase in our unrealized gain position due to the decline in interest rates was approximately offset by the adverse impact of lower interest rates on the value of our pension liability.  As I mentioned on our last earnings call, and as we described in our most recent 10-Q, in the first quarter of 2012, we will adopt a new guidance related to the accounting for costs associated with acquiring or renewing insurance contracts. We expect that the financial impact of the adoption of this guidance will be consistent with our previous disclosures.  Turning to reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the fourth quarter of 2011 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI, we had approximately $35 million, CCI had $90 million, CSI had $55 million and reinsurance assumed had $5 million. Bringing the total favorable development to approximately $185 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the fourth quarter combined ratio of about 6 points overall. For comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2010, we had about $145 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $25 million in CPI, $50 million in CCI, $60 million in CSI and $10 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the fourth quarter of 2010 was about 5 points.  Favorable development for the full-year 2011 totaled about $765 million and had a favorable impact on the combined ratio of approximately 6.5 points.  During the fourth quarter, our loss reserves decreased by $455 million including a decrease of $435 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $20 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in runoff. The impact of catastrophes reduced reserves by about $320 million and the impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of about $90 million.  Turning now to capital management. We repurchased 6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $396 million during the fourth quarter. The average cost of our repurchases was $66.10 per share. For the full-year 2011, we repurchased 27.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $1.7 billion and an average cost of $62.30 per share. As of December 31, 2011, there were approximately 909,000 shares remaining under our December 2010 repurchase program. During January of this year, we repurchased all the remaining shares under this program at an average cost of $69.66 per share. Since December 2005, we have repurchased a total of 185 million shares at a total cost of almost $10 billion, representing approximately 45% of the outstanding shares. Earlier today, we announced the new $1.2 billion share repurchase program, which we intend to complete by the end of January 2013. Please note that unlike our previous share repurchase programs, which were expressed as a number of shares to be repurchased, our new program is based on the total dollar amount to be spent on repurchases. We believe that this approach is more common in the marketplace and provides more certainty around the ultimate size of the program. Going forward, we intend to announce any future share repurchase programs on a similar basis.  Before I turn it back to John, let me make a few additional comments regarding our 2012 guidance. We expect operating income per share for 2012 to be in the range of $5.30 to $5.70, which at the midpoint is $0.38 or 7% higher than our actual operating income per share for 2011. This guidance is based on our expectation that net written premium growth will be 2% to 4%. This assumes a negative 1% impact of foreign currency translation. We still have -- we will have a combined ratio of 93 to 95 for the year. Property and casualty investment income after tax will decline 3% to 5%. And finally, we're assuming 271 million average diluted shares outstanding for the year. Our guidance assumes 3.5 percentage points of catastrophe losses, the 2012 assumption is based on our long-term median annual cat loss of 3 percentage points, adjusted upward by 0.5 to reflect the higher catastrophe losses that we have experienced recently.  In terms of sensitivity, the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe losses in 2012 operating income per share is approximately $0.28.  And now I'll turn it back to John.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Chubb performed well in 2012. Net income was about $1.7 billion, generating an ROE of 10.7% which is outstanding considering that we had more than $1 billion in pretax catastrophe losses and a historically low interest rate environment. This performance was the direct result of our profitable risk strategy, careful risk reselection, disciplined pricing and conservative investing.  Operating income per share was $5.12 despite a $2.30 per share impact of catastrophe losses. Operating ROE for the year was 10.4%. Our 2011 excellent year of cat combined ratio, which excludes prior period reserve development of catastrophes was a strong 93. Book value per share was up 9% for the full year. We continued to actively manage our capital by returning almost $2.2 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And rates improved throughout the year in all 3 SBUs with average U.S. renewal increases standard commercial reaching 6% on the fourth quarter and with professional liability rates turn you from negative to positive.  In summary, Chubb posted strong results in 2011 in the face of record catastrophe losses and a challenging macroeconomic and P&C industry environment. Looking ahead, our guidance is based on the view that 2012 should be a transition year for the industry. The good news is that the market continues to firm and we expect to see continued rate increases in 2012, which should improve industry margins albeit, on somewhat of a lagged basis that they earn out over time. On the other hand, the industry faces a number of offsetting profitability headwinds including low interest rates. In addition, most analysts foresee a decline in reserve releases for the industry from what have been a historically the high levels. The upshot is a combination of low reinvestment yields and less favorable development will continue to put pressure on the industry's reported 2012 calendar year results, even as insurance rates rise. However, if the current rate momentum continues as we expect it will. The industry should transition over the course of 2012 from margin contraction to margin expansion. At Chubb, we have strong capital position that enables us to return capital to shareholders and to take advantage of opportunities to grow profitably when such opportunities arise. While this is a cyclical industry, we think our superior underwriting, customer loyalty and conservative investing approach give us an edge that will enable us to continue to generate solid returns in whatever economic environment comes our way.  And with that, I'd be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you give us your perspective on the ability to push for faster rate increases in 2012 as we're getting 2 points of improvement on a linked quarter basis in 2011?
John D. Finnegan: What's the 2 points, Jay, you're talking out of improvement?
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, rate increases were flat in the First Quarter of 2011 and then they were up 2, 4, 6. Should we expect that pace to continue?
John D. Finnegan: I don't know about that, but I think we expect to have higher rate increases in all of 2012 than we have in the fourth quarter of 2011 on commercial. And we also have filed for rate increases in personal lines so that we will have higher rate increases in 2012 than 2011. And CSI, we're beginning to see some movement there. We're optimistic we'll see some rate improvement in 2012 but not the kind of levels that we see at CCI.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So accelerating rate improvement in '12 versus 11?
John D. Finnegan: In '12 versus '11 but I wouldn't sequentially extrapolate every -- out every quarter so you get the 14% on the fourth, we're not willing to say that.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That makes sense. And then on share buybacks, if you do roughly $1.2 billion in 2012, that would be down from $1.7 billion in 2011 and that $1.7 in 2011 matched up pretty well with net income for the year, so I was trying to get a sense why you think the pace of buyback should slow?
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. Well, the program we announced today is essentially in line. Actually, it slightly exceeds our projected 2012 earnings less shareholder dividend. We do not project out net income as part of our guidance. So operating income and net income are essentially the same in our guidance. And as such, we believe that it's a sizable program which appropriately balances the economic opportunities, the market with the retention of strong capital position. I think I'd also add in 2011, the size of our share repurchase was unusually large and that our share repurchase as you mentioned, did exceed net income less shareholder dividend by a fair amount and as we indicated at the time, we announced that program. The large size of the program was an opportunistic initiative prompted by historically low price-to-book value, which Chubb was then selling. So over the past year, the price of Chubb stock has risen and our price-to-book valuation has increased. On the other hand, our price-to-book valuation still remains below historical levels and interest rates are still very low, making alternative investments less attractive. Balancing all these considerations, we believe the appropriate level of buyback for 2012 is the $1.2 billion that we announced and it reflects our continued strong excess capital position and the attractive economic opportunities that we still perceive at our current stock price.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is there opportunity to increase the authorization if profits come in faster than what you're projecting?
Richard G. Spiro: We're not going to make any comments about future buybacks or any changes to the program at this point.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Obviously, impressive performance in CCI in the quarter, the question -- the big question in my mind is does it -- you guys were able to increase pricing and units or at least, hold units flattish. I'm wondering how you characterize that dynamic in the market sort of what's allowing you to do that? Whether we should take that a sign as if like a class card market or for something else? And separately, there's clearly a disconnect in the D&O and professional liability market where you're trying to take pricing up but the market isn't letting you and you've taken written premiums down in your business to lost ratio. It sounds like it has come down pretty meaningfully, quarter-over-quarter and I'm wondering if you can talk about perhaps the different dynamic going on there?
Paul J. Krump: I think I'm following that Josh, it seems like there are a lot of questions kind of intertwined there. Clearly in the CSI world, there is more overall competition than we're seeing in the CCI arena. Particularly, from some new entrants, some people trying to take some excess positions and what we are doing is we're pushing rates very hard albeit, the 1% doesn't show it. I think you sense it when you see that our retention rate went down quarter-over-quarter from 89% to 85% in professional liability. Likewise, when you see the emphasis that we're putting on new business, the scrutiny that we're putting on new business in both CCI and CSI it's coming through. The stat that I gave in the prepared remarks was that professional liability had a new to lost ratio of 0.7:1 versus the 1.3:1. So we are anticipating on a go forward basis that we will push rates very hard and that there is an offset trade to retention and we're very mindful that new business does not perform as well as our renewal business does traditionally and therefore, we're putting a lot of extra scrutiny onto that new business in this marketplace.
John D. Finnegan: And perhaps, Paul, you also had a question on CCI so maybe you want to contrast that a little.
Paul J. Krump: Yes. In CCI, we had retention of 85% in both quarters. We had a very minor uptick in the new business in the fourth quarter. And the rates really varied, as I mentioned, by line of business. But we're putting a tremendous amount of effort into the new business. I think you can see in the numbers that we had some loss activity on non-cat basis and property and Marine. And we went back and analyzed that very carefully, and we had an uptick in the fourth quarter and losses from some new business that was written over the course of the last year. So again, it just reemphasized to us a couple of things. We need to push a lot of rate into that book of business and that's why in fact, you saw us take 10 points of rate. Likewise, we have to put a lot of scrutiny on the new business and we've tightened up our underwriting screens and our pricing screens to make certain that, that is taken care of.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: If I could just ask one follow up on the CSI and I know you guys don't want to speculate about competitors, but would you presume that other -- that the market is generally sort of looking forward and sort of thinking about the loss ratio at the levels that you guys are recognizing that you've now taken some charges to take up the axe in your 2011 view in professional liability. Is that just something that maybe isn't -- that's driving the competition, people haven't yet figured that out?
Paul J. Krump: We certainly think that we've got decades of data and experience here. We're hearing a lot more rhetoric in the marketplace about other senior management teams taking a hard look at this issue that you've outlined. Sometimes, we see that translate into field action really quickly but overall, I think that we are encouraged by the trends that we saw and the momentum we saw across both CCI and CSI in the fourth quarter. Clearly, John outlined and we're all in agreement here that CSI needs a lot more rate and we are committed to keep pushing that.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You mentioned a lot more rate, I think I would love if you had any color on sort of by line, which you guys think, sort of reasonable rate targets for the industry would be?
Paul J. Krump: I'll just stick with professional for a second. The 1% that we've got as we turned the corner but that's clearly not enough to keep up with loss trends.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just first on the net written premium guidance, why only 2% to 4%? I know you mentioned FX but if you're getting positive rates, not only positive rate but broader rate gains, what are the exposure assumptions within that guidance? It seems conservative and I've got a follow-up.
Richard G. Spiro: Keith, it's Ricky. Let me -- first of all, we are certainly expecting given the commentary that you've heard this evening that the market's going to continue to firm and we hope to realize potentially higher rate increases in 2012. I'd like to point out that there are a number of factors as you rightly mentioned that contribute to our overall projections. So first, let me put it in our premium growth in perspective and you mentioned FX, that's part of it. Since about a quarter of our business comes from outside of the United States, currency movements have a meaningful impact on our growth and 2011 currency fluctuations had a positive impact on our overall premium growth of about 1 point and in contrast, as I just mentioned, our guidance assumes that will have a negative effect on growth of about 1 point in 2012. So if you look at it on x currency basis, we're expecting premium growth of 3% to 5% in 2012 compared to about 4% in '11 therefore in an x currency basis, we expect about the same level of growth in 2012 with in 2011. With that as background, the next question that you'd asked is why aren't we expecting to see more growth in 2012 given the higher rate environment? And I think to answer that question, several interrelated factors need to be understood. First, while we do expect to get a couple of points of higher rate increases in 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, these rate increases vary significantly by line of business and geography. So for example, in the fourth quarter, Paul mentioned that we achieved mid- single-digit rate increases in our standard commercial book in the U.S. but only flat rate increases in CCI in Europe. In addition, we probably averaged about 1 point of rate in our other 2 businesses in the U.S. So when you put all of the pieces together on a global basis, our total rate increase in the fourth quarter was probably closer to 2 points. So you can't just focus on the U.S. when you consider our worldwide growth rate. Second, as Paul just mentioned, as we continue to push for rate, we expect some trade-off between retention and new business levels in 2012 and we've taken this into account in our guidance. We are aggressively attempting to improve the profitability of our book through a combination of renewal rate increases and the calling of accounts and this will likely result in lower retention from the retention rates we ran in 2011 and this is a function of the market remaining competitive, very competitive especially with respect to professional liability and an ongoing effort on our part to trim or least profitable accounts. A similar and perhaps even more pronounced impact on our growth rate will most likely be seeing the amount of new business. Since this is traditionally less profitable business than renewals, we're going to be especially disciplined in terms of achieving our target returns and we're going to be very selective in terms of the new business that we're willing to write. We believe that these trade-offs make economic sense but it will dampen our growth in 2012. So hopefully that answers your question, Keith?
Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, very, very helpful. And just a follow up on -- you touched on this earlier, but on CCI, you guys are getting good rate and you got excellent retention, probably better than most of the people in the industry. The question then I would ask would -- should you be getting more rate then? Is retention too high here? Can you talk about the philosophy here between retention and rate, understanding you managed to the bottom line, of course, for earnings?
John D. Finnegan: We try to get more rate each quarter. We test out the market and see what the market will accept, if the market continues to accept higher rate at similar retention levels. We'll definitely keep pushing. Our retention was off 2 points from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. You're looking year-over-year, but we have a couple of point decline. But sure, it encourages us to look for more rate. Yes.
Operator: Now we'll take our next question from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you give some color and maybe quantify the pension impact you touched on in the prepared remarks and I'll have a follow up.
Richard G. Spiro: The impact is about a negative $250 million impact in the fourth quarter related to the fact that as interest rates have moved down during the year. We had to lower our discount rate assumption for our pension fund. And as a result, we had roughly a $250 million negative impact. You'll see that show up when we file our year-end financials that will show up in the AOCI line.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So would that be roughly -- you lowered discount rate by over a full percent?
Richard G. Spiro: No. We lowered it by about 75 basis points.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And lastly, can you talk about workers comp profitability, any trends including reserve trends?
Paul J. Krump: Sure. Let me just kind of back up and put our workers comp in a little bit of perspective just given where we see. There's a lot of commentary in the marketplace and we're very much of a niche player, and it's not an overwhelming line for us like it is for a lot of carriers. We took 6 points of rate increase in the fourth quarter on our workers compensation book. Like we mentioned, with the overall book that was an improving trajectory over the course of the year, we've got a very solid book of workers compensation business. AM Best projects that the U.S. work comp industry will come in for the full-year 2011 at 121.5% combined ratio. That's really such a stark contrast of the 93.2% combined that we ran our workers compensation at in 2011. Dino, I don't know if you want to mention anything on the reserves in particular? But...
Dino E. Robusto: Well, I can talk a little bit about just the frequency of what we saw. I mean, just to pick up on Paul's point. Because it's only 2% market share, obviously our claim statistics is not be as stable as the industry. For the quarter, where comp new rising claim counts were up about 13%, mostly due to the increased volume of business that we've been writing. Increase in the quarter was also driven by medical-only claims, which are significantly less expensive than claims where the employees miss time from work. So that's a little bit on just the activity that we're seeing.
Richard G. Spiro: And if I can add something on the reserve side, the workers comp line actually updated slightly favorable overall, with no individual years particularly significant either way, although 2010 was very slightly adverse. So we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wanted to just get a better sense on the margin trajectory? So I think in that -- the commentary you mentioned that you do expect margins to begin to improve by the end of the year. I'm trying to tie that comment to guidance, which is, it's almost impossible to get to your guidance unless we assume pretty significant deterioration in margins all year long. So how should we be tying and improving margin against a 9-ROE guidance?
John D. Finnegan: Well, just to your last statement, Greg, our guidance implies about 4 points, so deterioration on our x cat combined ratio and that could come from a combination of lower favorable development and/or deteriorating accident year results. It could come from a combination of that. It's not based on a 4-point deterioration necessarily in accident results. But our margin, I think the margin issue it's complicated and the waters are often muddy. It's 2 points here. Are you getting more rate than your loss cost trends? And second, is there margin expansion in the accident year, which is a traditional profitability measure? And they are 2 different things. But let's walk through. Why don't we try a couple of different lines, but the one that you -- most people focus on is commercial because that's we're getting the rate improvement.  6% in the fourth quarter, 4% in the third, 2% in the second. To ask about where they get margin expansion, it's a difficult question because to answer with great position, it's a function of the accuracy of the assumptions related to future rates from loss trends. So let's take one loss trend benchmark, 2005 to 2010. Tremendously benign. Very low single-digit range. So that we always had no margin contraction despite the fact that rates were going down a point and a half a year. Now fourth quarter 2011, increased renewal rates of 6%. Man, they compared very favorably to those 2005 to 2010 loss rates. So, if like others, you may simplify the assumption that those like benign loss rates will continue into 2012, significant [indiscernible] expansion will occur very quickly at the current level of rate increases.  On the other hand, it's probably fair to say that we will in some time experience the reverse of the more historical loss trend, as an area which is embedded in our budgeting process. In such a longer-term basis, the historical loss trends probably run in the low mid single-digit range, 3%, 4%, 5%. Thus if we were to see reversions to these higher loss cost trends this year, near-term margin expansion would be less at current rate levels. However, we expect the market to continue to firm and high single-digit rate increases in such CCI in the U.S. in 2012. If this proves accurate, rate increases would exceed even longer-term loss cost trends, such that we'd be experiencing significant pro forma economic margin expansion on the premiums written in CCI in 2012. So that's the business we write. If we get high single-digit increases under most scenarios, we should be getting rate increases that exceed loss trends. Now that requires again what you assume for the rate, and what you assume for the losses, but then you got to move the profit. You realize that this margin expansion does not flow through immediately to increase earnings. Rather, these rate increases are reflected in results only as they are earned out in the term for the underlying contract. That is over the next 4 to 5 quarters. Just to illustrate the point, our 2012 accident year results will be a function of the rates achieved in contracts entered into for the beginning of 2011 through the end of 2012. Our renewal rate increases averaged about 3% in 2011. Quarter [indiscernible] Achieved high single-digit rate increases in 2012 in our U.S. renewal book. The increase in our earned premium on our overall 2012 U.S. business would be about 5% to 6%, and closer to 4% to 5% on a worldwide basis, with the additional 3 points or so being recognized in earnings in 2013. So now, if you're at 4% to 5%, is it higher than loss trends? Well, it depends which loss trends you assume. But in 2012, I don't think you can look at significant margin expansion unless you believe we're going back to the 2005 to '10 benign environment. But I think that the continued rate increases and the range we are currently experiencing are going to [indiscernible] through longer-term margin expansion for CCI, but the magnitude of such expansion depended upon loss experienced with the size of rate increases next year. Because of the lag impact in our premium, however, the effect in our 2012 accident year results is likely be closer neutral. However, continued premium increases in the mid to high single-digits over the next year or 2 should result in significant margin expansion as we move into 2013. Now, having said all that, losses in any given year are rarely in line with the trends. So, for example, over the last few years, we've incurred significant amount of non-cat-related with the losses. Accordingly, it was difficult to forecast this stuff with any absolute precision. But there are a lot of variables involved, so I think momentum is moving it right way in CCI, but I think to some degree, some people are ahead of themselves in terms of how that's going to translate into improved earnings and margin expansion in your financial results in 2012. And our other 2 lines, CPI, we should see -- again we'd be obtaining rates for the end 2012 that will be exceeding any loss cost trends, but premium, probably closer again to neutral. CSI, probably it will be a challenge to get up to a loss cost trends so we could see some pressure on our accident year 2012 business versus 2011.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And one thing, and you mentioned at the outset and certainly we do understand that reserve releases are components, that is very hard to call but I guess implicit in your answer is it's all about the core margin, that you don't see a break in the trend in terms of the way Chubb has been reserving and what's coming through for that line item?
John D. Finnegan: We don't project favorable development. We do it under a number of scenarios but I'd say this: 2 statements; one to the positive and maybe one to the negative. But the most scenario, the achievement of our 2012 guidance would require a continuation of some favorable development, albeit at lower levels than we ran in 2011. And as I said in the past few years, and have been proven wrong, it's hard to believe we can sustain 6 to 7 points of favorable development indefinitely.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: First question is on the margins. I'm looking at the accident year margins x cat and the loss ratio x cat. And that's up around 5.4% of fourth quarter this year over fourth quarter last year. And it seems to be coming from the Commercial lines and from the Personal lines. Just wondering what's happening in that?
John D. Finnegan: You're right. It's up 5 points in the fourth quarter of '10. It's coming from a mix business at 4 points in CPI of which about 3.5 points is due to higher homeowners non-cat weather-related losses, 5 points in CCI, driven by double-digit increase in property marine and modest increase in other classes. We had a significant large loss activity in the fourth quarter in property. And CCI has generally experienced some margin compression taking place before we've turned around rates. For the year, CCI is about 3 points higher than 2010. And about 6.5% increase in CSI reflected an increase in professional liability mainly to deterioration in current accident year estimates for crime, EPL and public D&O, especially as it relates to merger objections suits or M&A objections suits based on our year-end analysis. For the full accident year, CSI's is up about 2 points.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So do you think that some part of the higher losses both in CPI and CSI are sort of one-time because of higher non-cat losses or do you expect that to continue next year?
John D. Finnegan: I would say that in CPI, that higher non-cat losses are something that hopefully don't recur. So we take some solace that we don't expect it to recur next year. I don't think we're really talking attributing much of the increase in CCI at a higher non-cat losses. I mean it may be a point or 2 in there but really it's some property marine, it's a lumpy class and we had some big losses in the fourth quarter. I don't think that's an ongoing trend. I could be proved wrong, but don't think it's an ongoing trend. But CCI is a good news. Of course, as we talked about it that we're getting -- there's rate increases in CCI so hopefully, it will offset any deterioration we're seeing here. CSI is more challenging. I mean I don't think 2 bad quarters don't make a trend, but losses have been up. Now Losses have been up in areas which are impacted by the economy. The good news is, no adverse development on the credit crisis or Madoff, but the areas that are affected by the economic downturn, employment practices liability, crime and fidelity, ponzi schemes related, fraud, and then public D&O as they say based on a lot of these merger objection suits. So we need some rate in CSI. Okay, I'll just leave it at that.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: My second question was on the personal order line. You've seen about 7% to 11% topline growth there. What happened this quarter and what do you think it's going to happen for '12?
Dino E. Robusto: Yes. We experienced some slowdown in our written premium growth outside the United States and it was mainly in Brazil. We had seen some more aggressive pricing in the market, some of which we view as irrational and probably likely short-lived given the short tailed nature in what is a real physical damage intensive market. We also experienced a little less favorable currency translation in the fourth quarter in relation to the full 2011 year. Now, notwithstanding the quarter's results, we did grow 7% for the year. So at any one point in time in auto, we're going to see in any one geography some additional competition or if we view it as irrational competition, then we'll just pull back and we'll let it play out. And so that's what we did in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you have any thoughts on accelerating loss trends from third quarter to fourth quarter, what you're seeing throughout your book of business?
Richard G. Spiro: I'll give you just a general comment on claim trends overall. Actually, they generally, they've been consistent with our trend assumptions. And if you exclude catastrophes, claim counts are up about 8% against the prior-year quarter and for the full year. Given our growth in various lines of business and really the non-spade of non-cat weather activities throughout the year that John mentioned, really the frequency trend is not alarming. Regarding severity, the trends obviously, they vary significantly by line of business because the various lines of business have different cost drivers. But here again, our claim cost severity increase are generally consistent with our longer-term trend assumptions of low to mid-single digits of severity increase in auto, mid-single-digit for the core property in general liability and mid up or single-digit for work comp and some excess lines. But generally in line with our longer-term trends.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. On the professional liability book, can you talk about accident year development for the last few accident years, kind of where have those picks ended the year and how much of the current year pick is due to some of the items that you discussed in your commentary. I just have one follow up.
John D. Finnegan: Well, if you're talking about professional liability development in County in 2011. We had very positive professional liability development mostly from the accident year in 2006 or 2008. 2009 was relatively flat. 2010 was modestly adverse.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then for the current year, your -- looks like the accident year combined is some 90 -- looks about 98, I think that's right. How much of that is due to the items that you discussed in your commentary? So the lumpier losses related to recent credit in other events?
John D. Finnegan: That's not related to credit crisis. I mean that was developed very consistently. It's really -- it's tangential, although it's related to the economic crisis that might have flown out of that credit crisis with the economic downturn. Employment practices liability to expect with people out of work longer. That's up. Is it lumpy? Well, it's been with us a little while longer. I mean, unless the economy turns around. Crime and fidelity, with frauds and things, I'd say on that, that it's decreased but not as positively as our expectations were. But it's declined some. And not all of the stuff occurred in the fourth quarter. This business in the fourth quarter, you get a good fresh look at the reserves for the year and some of this isn't attributable all to the fourth quarter. It's an adjustment, the overall accident year takes place in the fourth quarter though. So we'll have to see whether it's a trend or not. I'll just remind people that we had incredibly benign loss trends for a long period of time, maybe 1%. It's not likely to continue, and in fact, it certainly is likely to continue if you're expecting mid to single-digit, high single-digit rate increases. They don't usually de-link like that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You mentioned Europe before, can you talk a little bit about how much of your book is Europe by segment and what are you anticipating from a pricing retention, new business standpoint as far as business out of Europe?
Paul J. Krump: Sure, this is Paul. I think we've talked about this in the past but about 26%, 27% of our book premium is generated outside the United States. That's a pretty even split across all 3 SBU's. So give or take a percentage point. As respect to where that business comes from, about 10 points of that 27 points is coming out of Europe, and then you can just take the remaining chunk and divide it by thirds and it's pretty evenly split between Canada, Latin America and Asia Pacific. As I mentioned, Canada is a little bit behind the United States, but we saw a nice pick up there, really across the CCI lines. A lot of moving parts over in Asia, quite frankly in New Zealand and Australia are moving. Australia is where we have the bulk of our Asia-Pac business. When you get down into Latin America, we saw a lot of movement earlier in the year, in Chile. And in fact over the last 2 renewal cycles given the last earthquake, we had rate increases on our small property book of business. But nonetheless, they went up over 100%. The other countries in Latin America are basically flat to up a little bit.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Flavor of the European rate environment?
Paul J. Krump: Yes, flavor of the European rate environment. It's a better market for us in the U.K., in Ireland. We're starting to see some rate movement out of our Lloyd's syndicate. That's probably leading our European operations. The continent is flat. We saw a terrific amount of competition in the continent for the largest business. So the so-called risk management business came under more pressure in the fourth quarter, and we had to back away from several accounts, long-standing accounts just because the prices were going down. And we wouldn't follow them down.
Operator: Now we'll take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just real quick, a sort of follow up. Where is the development on the CCI? Is that more recent years or older years?
John D. Finnegan: Well, I'll give you this, the development overall, most of the favorable development in casualty in 2011 came from accident years 2005 to 2008. Accident years -- maybe put together 2009 and 2010 they aggregate slightly positively. CCI about the same, you think? I think generally CCI is so big that you wouldn't go, it wouldn't contradict that. It probably is generally consistent but not precisely. Those your CCI's had a lot of positive development.
Paul J. Krump: Coming out of the umbrella line.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just one quick follow up, the loss ratio moving up in the casualty line, which products are, I guess, are doing worse than others?
John D. Finnegan: Loss ratio estimate. What number are you looking at, I'm sure that's different.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'll check my numbers in the back.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, just with respect to the rate increases you're getting, is there any response from customers yet in terms of either changing deductibles or limits versus or anything that would signal to you that your kind of ability to push prices is limited at this point?
Paul J. Krump: Matthew, this is Paul. We're really not seeing that. A lot of the producers worry, of course, that the economy is still on a fragile state, but as we push for rate, they clearly understand the economic case for rate. But they worry that their clients will buy less umbrella or take an inordinately large deductible to try to keep their costs under control. But we haven't really experienced that.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just for Ricky, I appreciate the comments you made in your intro with respect to the buybacks, but I guess one thing that strikes me is, is in fact fundamentals keep getting better and we kind of trough out at kind of the current earnings levels on accident base notwithstanding the fact that interest rates are still headwind. The current dividend payout is only about 30%, which from a trough earnings perspective seems awfully low to me. So with respect to your thoughts on capital allocation next year, is there any weight being given to the dividend?
Richard G. Spiro: Our dividend policy has always been that we think dividends are incredibly important and as you know we've increased that every year, I think for 29 years. When we next talk to our Board about dividends will consider are all the factors. I think, I don't think you should expect, though, that you're going to see our dividend payout increase dramatically. It's been relatively consistent and we don't always look at it, by the way, as a percent of earnings because earnings as you know in this business can be volatile so we often look at it as a percent, for example, of investment income and other financial measures as well. So I don't know that you should anticipate that you'll see a dramatic increase than payout ratio.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I wanted to focus a little bit on the CSI business because that seems the one area where there's been one of a share from a claim standpoint and annual response to the pressures there. And I'm wondering, how you're approaching that market? Are there, for example, particular lines of business we are mandating rate increases? What's your main message to your underwriters in the field?
Richard G. Spiro: I think it's probably easiest to, Jay, if we take it line by line. We mentioned employment practices liability. I think John laid a pretty understandable case with the increase in unemployment and a lot of people saying much longer from their jobs that we're seeing an uptick there. So what we're doing is we are trimming our book in the most difficult jurisdictions, we're pushing rate across the book and we're raising our deductibles. When it comes to fidelity, it is a lumpy business, but we see the economic backdrop impacting that book of business. So we're redoubling our efforts on the underwriting just making certain we have people being very careful about what is going on the book of business. As respects public D&O, and I'd just like to remind you that that's only 16% of our CSI book of business, we are concerned, as mentioned earlier, about merger and acquisition objection cases. At this point, we don't sit back and say that's a systemic event something like the Madoff situation. So it's something that we think we've got a build in to the overall pricing of our business and push deductibles higher at least on our private companies where you're seeing some securities actions in state court impacting the loss ratio. So it really varies by line and we're attacking it as aggressively as we can.
Operator: And we'll go to our next caller, Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It seems a little atypical to me that we're seeing the standard Commercial lines harden faster than the Specialty lines just in contrast in historical precedent. I've been wondering whether that suggests there's just a knee-jerk reaction to bad weather or catastrophic losses and that's maybe less sustainable or do think that sooner or later we're going to have an even bigger reaction in the Professional lines?
John D. Finnegan: Hopefully the latter. I think that some of these lines like EPL you can safely say that all companies are being hit by the increases in these loss costs and people are going to have to get rate increases. Public D&O has been down so much. It's definitely going to new rate increases. There's going to be a great demand for increases. Now there is excess capacity so there's a tension there. But no, I think that people will be reporting incredibly high combined ratios if they don't get rates soon.
Operator: And we'll go next to Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: You're talking a lot about renewal pricing. I'm just wondering if you can go back to the new and renewal pricing Delta especially in CCI. And do you think that the gap has diminished meaningfully or you're still foresee some gap for 2012?
Richard G. Spiro: Well if I'm following it, the new to lost ratio was 1.1:1 in the fourth quarter. It came down a little bit throughout the year and we anticipate that coming down a little bit. But if you're talking about the pricing spread between new commercial business and renewal business, couple of thoughts, number one, the spread between new lines and the renewals is closing although it really wasn't all that large to begin with. The spread, obviously, depends on the line of business but what we do is we sit back and we try to match up what the new business is coming on at, what rate it’s at and how does that match up with a very similar existing block of customers. In some lines, we look at that on manual pricing, for others we actually have proprietary tools but we try to make certain that it is as tight as possible. The reality is, though that there is a hindsight bias to renewals performing much better. We have an opportunity to call the ones that are having unforeseen losses, likewise, we have the opportunity to loss control accounts and bring in engineers and risk mitigation factors happening, raise deductibles, that type of things. So even though that pricing spread is tight and getting tighter, we're still very mindful on how we underwrite the new business.
John D. Finnegan: Operator, we'll take 2 more calls.
Operator: At this time, we have one question remaining. That's from Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman: One question on professional liability and one for Ricky. On the PL, I noticed the pays really spiked this quarter, and I think that it's been a little bit higher than trend all year. Is that -- I guess I'm wondering is the increase pick due to something you're seeing on the quayside or is it being driven by the paid side or is it a combination of both?
John D. Finnegan: Well, the pay was up, I think the paids are one of the things that the actuaries take into account when they look at the reserve position.
Ian Gutterman: Are the paids more related to like the credit crisis claims finally getting paid out or just sort of a spike in the first-year paids?
John D. Finnegan: I wouldn't say a spike in first-year paids. Professional liability.
Paul J. Krump: And then CSI, it really was just a number of large old cases we resolved.
John D. Finnegan: It takes a long time, obviously, to pay out a lot of these cases so many of them are from prior years.
Ian Gutterman: And then Ricky, I guess first on NII, given the FED action yesterday that we're going to have short rates for even longer, can you remind us where your new money is versus portfolio yield and sort of how long it is before we hit breakeven on that?
Richard G. Spiro: We have roughly called $14 billion of maturities over the next 3 years. I think that's not split evenly but it's pretty close. Our current new money rates are anywhere depending on obviously, the different asset classes somewhere between, call it, 100 and 150 basis points below the maturing book yields.
Ian Gutterman: And so even within 3 years assuming new money stays here through 14 like the FED says, the portfolio yield will still be above today's new money?
Richard G. Spiro: Yes. I think so because we’re only, we have roughly $14 billion out of $36 billion maturing over that time.
Ian Gutterman: And then can you just --
Richard G. Spiro: I'm have done the break even after where you asked it.
Steve R. Labbe - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The reason I thought is maybe it would be closer because obviously, 3 to 4 year duration in 3 years if rates aren't moved, that you should've gotten there but it sounds like maybe it takes longer.
Richard G. Spiro: Well, one thing to think that, that is the duration of the portfolio but we also on the Muni site, we tend to invest longer than that. So the duration of whole the portfolio is obviously, the 3.5 to 4 years. But the Muni piece is a little bit longer.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then why didn't you refinance the debt. Are you looking towards a different cat target than before? Do you just not need the capital?
Richard G. Spiro: We simply need the capital. So we decided it was -- we were better off paying down the debt and given ourselves some more financial flexibility and terms of our targeted debt to capital ratio, they're still within the same ranges that we talked about.
Steve R. Labbe - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And target holding company? That $2 billion in cash. What can that go down to over time?
Richard G. Spiro: We're committed to keeping $1 billion at the holding company so that sort of, I guess, the low end of the number.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Finnegan for any additional or closing remarks.
John D. Finnegan: Okay. Thank you very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson – IR Evan Greenberg – Chairman and CEO Phil Bancroft – CFO
Analysts: Keith Walsh – Citigroup Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley Cliff Gallant – KBW Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch James Keating – The Green Button Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak Larry Greenberg – Langen McAlenney Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray
Operator: We are about to begin. Good day, everyone and welcome to the Ace Limited Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At the end of today’s presentation you will have the opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). For opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Helen Wilson, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. And welcome to the Ace Limited September 30th, 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to Company performance and guidance, recent corporate developments and acquisitions, Ace’s business mix, our variable annuity reinsurance business and mark-to-market securities, economic outlook and insurance market conditions, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and will be available for replay for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now, I’d like to introduce our speakers. First, we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we’ll take your questions. Also, with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning. Ace produced outstanding operating results despite challenging financial market and economic conditions. We produced record after-tax operating income of $759 million or 2.22 per share. All divisions of the company made a positive contribution to the quarter’s operating results. The quality of our earnings was excellent with strong, balanced contributions for both underwriting and investments. Net operating income was up 10% over prior year with underwriting an investment income growing in the quarter by 11% and 9% respectively. Underwriting income of $391 million benefited from both favorable current-accident year results and positive prior period development which was flat with last year. Our operating ROE was over 13.5% bringing the year-to-date to over 10%. Net income and book value in the quarter were impacted by realized and unrealized losses of 838 million resulting from extreme financial market volatility and interest rates which fell to their lowest level in a century as well as equity and in foreign exchange markets. Approximately $706 million was attributed for realized fair value related mark associated with our variable annuity reinsurance business. We also had pricing related realized and unrealized losses of 87 million in our investment portfolio. Both of these marks we believe will be largely if not wholly transient and will be recovered overtime. Concerning the VA mark we are required to mark-to-market these long-term liabilities using derivative accounting that we believe the mark is not a good representation of our company’s liabilities. For operating income purposes, we use traditional life insurance GAAP accounting. And in our judgment this is more representative of our ultimate liabilities since this is a traditional buy-and-hold long-term insurance portfolio and not a trading business. As I said we also believe while markets are unusually volatile and unpredictable at this time, majority of the mark will reverse overtime and accrete back benefiting book value and net income in the future. In fact, as a point of reference, as of Monday’s market close the market improved by approximately 200 million illustrating the transient and volatile nature. Phil will go into more detail and we have included additional disclosure in our supplement which we hope you will find helpful. Returning to the quarter’s operating performance, the P&C combined ratio was 90.3 which included pre-tax net cap losses of just over 120 million, the vast majority of which came from Hurricane Irene in the U.S. Our overall cat impact was quite modest and, again, reflects good risk management as well as our spread of business globally and lack of over concentration in any one business. Our earnings growth and balance of business both product and geography have been enhanced by the acquisitions we have made in the last year. All of which are on track and should achieve or exceed the current year targets we established at the time of each acquisition. In particular given its size and importance I want to say a few words about our crop insurance business. The crop insurance loss ratios – as they were a function of yield at the time of harvest and commodity prices. Our 2011 plan and calendar year-to-date book loss ratios contemplated an average to modestly worst than historical average loss ratio a year. At the same time, we wrote substantially more premium volume this year than we originally projected because of higher crop commodity prices. Consequently from what we know now, our 2011 earnings from crop will be better than we originally projected when we acquired Rain & Hail. Financially Rain & Hail will produce an excellent return on investment to Ace. And because of our deep national presence and expertise in this business, we expect we will have superior results relative to most peer companies engaged in this business. As you know, we made a small specialty focused acquisition in the quarter that is complementary to our agricultural industry business strategy. Penn Millers is a good solid company that has served the agri-business market since 1887 and currently operates in 34 states. We expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2012. We have a very strong balance sheet, great liquidity and plenty of capital flexibility. As a result of these stress times, we are seeing a greater pipeline of opportunity than in the recent past. And we are open to additional acquisitions where they further our strategy and are accreted financially. I want to make a few comments about revenue growth, pricing and the general insurance market environments. Total company P&C net premiums were up 33% in the quarter with premiums up 53% in North America and up 19% in overseas general. Growth in the quarter was driven by double-digit gains from Asia and Latin America. Excellent performance from our international A&H business and our personal lines business globally and improved pricing in the U.S. commercial P&C where prices are firming more broadly particularly in a number of property and casualty classes. Our growth of course benefitted substantially from strong contributions from our recent acquisitions particularly our crop insurance business. As I’ve mentioned on our previous call, our long-term impatient strategy to pursuit product and geographic diversification and invest for growth both organically and through acquisition is clearly paying dividends in terms of revenue growth and earnings. Focusing on North America specifically, growth primarily came from crop, high net worth personal lines and our U.S. base wholesale business where we experience modest growth for the first time in many quarters due to improved business and net retentions and broad-based price increases of about 3%. Our U.S. retail commercial P&C premiums were flat after adjusting for a one-time transaction we wrote last year. Our U.S. retail, again, achieved positive rates with standard lines, property and casualty rates up 3.2%. Property and energy rates were up mid-single digits while general and specialty casualty were up about 2.5% ranging from up six to down just one. For our risk management business, rates were flat for the quarter. The first time in a long time that we haven’t experienced a rate decrease in that class. On the other side of the coin professional lines rates were down 5.5%. The floor under pricing overall continues to firm. And more classes achieve positive rate while rate decreases were smaller. In fact September pricing was the best month of the quarter and the year. Now whether this is a trend and continues or not, it remains to be seen. Our premium renewal retention rates in U.S. retail were very good and benefitted from about three points of exposure increase as well as rate increase. Renewal of retention rates in terms of policy count were stable, but lower by three to four points than historical averages, and our new business ratings remain relatively low. For me, all that adds up to the difference in underwriting discipline between Ace and the market in general as we continue to further refine and focus our data driven portfolio management in each class of business we write. And our international commercial P&C business, retail network and premiums were up 24% or 12% in constant dollar, while our international wholesale was up 2%. Like our U.S. wholesale business, this is the first time we have seen growth in our wholesale business in some time. International retail P&C premiums were flat to up in all territories. Our growth was especially strong in Asia, in Pacific in Latin America which registered gains of 25% and 18%. Again, in constant dollar. For our international commercial P&C renewal book, rate increases range from 2% in our London wholesale business to 1% in our Ace international business with a wide range of deviation around these numbers depending on the class and the territory. Except for cat exposed property lines, pricing trends internationally lagged the U.S. and they remain soft. Renewal retention rates study. John Keogh John Lupica and Brian Dowd can provide further color on market conditions and pricing trends. Our international A&H business, led by Asia Pacific and Latin America, continues to produce strong double digit premium growth. Up 25% in the quarter with a 12% benefit from foreign exchange. Operating income for A&H globally was up about 10% with good contributions from both Ace International and combined. Combine these growth meanwhile continues to suffer from the economic climate in the U.S. and Western Europe. Global – we had another excellent quarter with combined ratio of 65% which reflects excellent underwriting discipline, both premium writings were down, a price we are willing to pay to maintain a reasonable underwriting risk reward. In closing, our operating performance was simply excellent, though our book value suffered from the volatility of financial markets. The operating results are what endures, it highlights the strength and vitality of this organization. And I am very confident about our prospects for the fourth quarter and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Phil, and then we’ll be back to take your questions.
Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We had an excellent quarter in terms of underwriting and investment income and our balance sheet and capital position are very strong. Our financial and reinsurance recoverable average remains low, and cash flow was a strong 935 million. Investment income was 564 million for the quarter up 9% over last year’s quarter. This increase was driven by an increase in the portfolio’s cash flow, a positive impact from foreign exchange and a slower turnover rate in our portfolio. We expect our current quarterly run rate for investment income to be in the range of 555 million to 565 million which is subject to variability and portfolio turnover rates, private equity distributions NFX. Currently money rates are 3.2% if we invest in a similar distribution through our existing portfolio. Our current book yield, is 4.3%. On a pre-tax basis, unrealized and realized losses from our investment portfolio were about 87million resulting from the mark-to-market impact of credits spread widening in the quarter. Investment rate corporate credit spreads widened 100 basis points in the quarter while high yields spreads widened by 250 basis points. The mark included a gain of about 360 million in our investment rate fixed income portfolio offset by a loss of about 450 million in our B – double B high yield bond and private equity portfolios. This is a high quality portfolio and a decline in value was entirely to market volatility. We realize minimal credit losses. These portfolio movements are summarized on page 19 of our financial supplement. Our fixed income portfolio over all remains in an unrealized gain position of 1.3 billion. As of Monday night, approximately 80 million of this quarter’s portfolio mark had reversed. Our investment portfolio continues to be predominantly invested and probably traded investment grade fixed income securities and is well diversified across geographies, sectors and issuers. The duration of the portfolio is 3.7 years. We have no exposure to sovereign debt of distressed European countries and our exposure to Euro zone banks totals less than 1 billion or 2% of the portfolio. The overall credit quality of this bank portfolio is double A, with over 700 million rated triple A. In the third quarter, financial market volatility impacted our variable annuity reinsurance business resulting in a net loss of about 660 million which comprised a realized loss of 706 million related to the change in fair value liabilities offset by 45 million in operating income. The results in the quarter were in line with our expectations in the market conditions, and we’re consistent with published guidance in our 10Q regarding how these liabilities behave under distressed market conditions. Approximately 50% of the realized loss was attributable to an extreme drop in interest rates but about 30% of the loss attributable to the decline in equity markets. As we’ve explained on previous calls and in our disclosure, a technical provision in the accounting rules requires us to mark-to-market are variable annuity reinsurance liabilities like a derivative using fair value accounting even though this is a traditional insurance business that we intend to hold for the long term. Therefore if we believe traditional insurance reserve accounting provides a better reflection of the liabilities and long term performance of this insurance business. For clarity – and a window to our thinking, I’d like to elaborate on these two methodologies while referring you to page 10 in the supplement. Accounting for derivative uses prescriptive assumptions that require us the value of the policy holder accounts as if they were invested in risk-free U.S. treasury securities when in reality, we invested primarily in equities for a long term. Under derivative accounting, equity induces are assumed to have zero appreciation over the next 20 plus years, and interest rates remain depressed at the September 30th yield curve. When the 10-year U.S. Treasury rates were up 1.9%, and the S&P was at 11.31. As of Monday, the S&P was a 12.54, a 10-year note was 2.2% and as Evan said earlier, the fair value of our VA liabilities have improved by approximately 200 million. By substituting a risk-free rate for a long term equity performance, and using the current interest rate curve for the long term, we think fair value accounting does not provide a good representation of our VA reinsurance liabilities. In comparison, we believe traditional insurance accounting is a better approach and provides a more representative view of the business. We’ve provided data in what we believe is a very practical way on our insurance accounting assumptions for equities and interest rates for the next few years. As you can see on page 10 of the supplement, the insurance model assumes the S&P grows at a moderate pace and while we’re in a very low interest rate environment, we expect the yield curve to begin to normalize over time. You can see from the two scenarios we gave you, if the insurance model interest rate assumptions prove correct, a fair value mark would accrete back into book value in a reasonably short period of time. If the risk-free interest rates, under accounting for derivatives, are better representation of the future rate at a given point in time, there’d be a very modest impact to Ace’s operating income in these future years. Under both scenarios, book value would increase in each year as some or all of the mark unwinds and accretes back to book value. Finally, the mark is not relevant to radiate and see a regulatory capital requirements. Neither use fair value for establishing required capital. And as with all the other insurance business, our net loss reserves were up 1.1% for the quarter adjusted for foreign exchange and are now up approximately 1 billion for the year. Our pay to incur ratio was 86%, we have favorable prior period development of 194 million pre-tax, almost all of the development was long tail, predominantly from years 2006 and prior. Cat losses were 86 million after tax most of which related to hurricane Irene. The expense ratio was 25.6% down from 30.2% last year due primarily to a changing mix of business especially crop while our accident year loss ratio was up all due to the impact of crop. Our growth to net written premiums was 33% excluding crop and adjusting for a large risk management contract in last year’s quarter the growth was 5.6%. In our 2011 guidance discussed in our second quarter call, we simply expected operating income to range between $6 and $6.20 per share. Catastrophe loss is included in that estimate was 744 million after tax. Our operating income projections included in guidance remember for accident year results only and by definition did not include any estimate for prior period reserved development in future quarters. In light of the level of year-to-date catastrophe losses, prior period development and higher investment income were increasing our guidance for the full year. Operating income is now expected to range between $6.55 and $6.75 cents per share for the full year. This includes 630 million after tax and catastrophe losses for the first three quarters plus 75 million after tax and catastrophe losses for the fourth quarter. The guidance also includes 335 million of after tax positive prior period development reflected in the first three quarters. There is no prior period development included in our guidance for the fourth quarter. We also repurchased 100 of shares in the quarter. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Helen.
Helen M Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, again, if you’d like to ask a question, please signal by pressing the star key followed by the digit one on your telephone keypad. Again, if you’re using a speaker phone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, that’s star one to ask a question. And we’ll go first to Keith Walsh of Citi.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: First question for Evan, it seems in your commentary pricing gain seem slightly broader but are we tracking loss cost? And then if you can just comment on how new business pricing is trending versus renewal, what’s the gap there and how is that trending? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks for asking that question. New business pricing and renewal pricing are actually tracking very closely right on each other. In fact, I’d tell you that new business pricing in many cases has been better than renewal pricing. And that is an improvement to trend from what we’ve been seeing in the past. Regarding loss cost, you know, look, it varies – it varies by product over and depending on how you view loss cost. When I look at short-tail business, any rate increases we’re receiving are greater than loss cost trend. On long-tail business, if you believe the past is an indicator of the future and inflation has been relatively benign except in healthcare cost. Then, you know, some of the rate we’re seeing – rate we’re seeing in some of the classes is tracking loss cost. On the other side of the coin, that’s not how I view things. I don’t believe that the past is an indicator of the future, and I think that loss cost continue, you know, we continue to use loss cost trends that frankly are greater than the rate increase we’re receiving today.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay. And then just second question. You know, I understand the need to get pricing with investment returns where they are but what’s the reality of actually achieving enough rate to offset the down draft from investment returns with a sluggish of economy and, I guess, relatively healthy balance sheets for underwriters. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: Well, at a moment in time, I mean, you get it a moment in time but it's just as is – and I tell you how we, you know, what we continue to say, you’re not going to achieve your cycle over a cycle ROE target in the product line. Sometimes in cycle year, you achieve greater ROE than as your target and sometimes you achieve below that. But our guide is combined ratio. And so, we walk away when we can't earn an underwriting profit, and I think that's the more clear right way to think about this.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Thanks a lot.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. I'm curious. International growth clearly very healthy, you cited Latin America-Asia Pacific. I'm curious if you believe that Ace is taking market share in those regions and if you think kind of what your outlook of for this growth being – whether it's sustainable.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it has been sustainable and sustainability is going to – and I'm bullish about the future. A lot of the growth is coming because the pie is growing. When you take the economic much more robust and rigorous economic development that is taking place in parts of Asia and in parts of Latin America greater economic activity means greater exposure and there's more consciousness about insurance and more insurance being purchased. There are more people not just businesses but more who are – who are entering the middle class in those territories. So I think trend for business and consumer has been and will continue to be favorable though like anything else in life, it will have its – it will have its volatility.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay. I'm also curious, Even I've been – I mean, you know, you've talked to a lot in the past about the 15% ROE goal over the cycle. Does that change at all? If you did believe and I believe you guys don’t believe current risk-free rates space near current levels for a long period of time.
Evan Greenberg: We are – well, I'm not going to speculate on that part of it. We're not changing and we, you know, with all the thought we give to it, our target for ROE over a cycle has not changed.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly, it sounds like you're a more constructive M&A. Are there certain areas or geographies potentially, international we are growing at a very healthy clip or you'd prefer to look at opportunities?
Evan Greenberg: Stay tuned.
Mike Zaremski – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome. Operator And we'll move next to Vinay Misquith of Evercore Partners.
Evan Greenberg: Hi, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Hi, good morning. First question is on just – you do an annual review in the fourth quarter. Do you see any changes in the expected pay claims on the settlement cost that we should be aware of that, do we need to take up reserves in the fourth quarter for?
Evan Greenberg: Vinay, for both in – as best as an environment, in fact through all the "brandy-wide runoff liabilities," we're in a middle of our annual review right now. And I don’t have any results yet. As you know – as all of you know, any reserve movements are individual claim or client dependent and I just don’t have any visibility into that now we're doing the reserve study.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay, fair enough. The second question is for Phil. Phil, on premiums on North America increase about 850 million year-over-year – more than 700 million (inaudible) quarter over quarter, was this on one time premiums in that or is it mostly because of crop?
Evan Greenberg: Year on year, there are two things. There was a large risk management contract in last year's quarter and in this year's quarter, it's obviously the impact of crop.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay. And most of the premiums for crop are on the second and third quarters?
Evan Greenberg: Yes.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay, that's fair enough. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs has the next question.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just one question. I'm trying to reconcile your comments about rates and exposures being up in North America but it looks like you said that actually in crop premiums were down about 5% in North America. Am I not connecting those things right?
Evan Greenberg: No, you are connecting them right. You want me to expand on it for you
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Please. That would be great. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. It's down 5%, you have to – there's two things. And then I'm going to make an overall statement about that.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: Number one, you have to adjust for one type – you have to adjust – you normalize for one time transaction that we wrote last year or lost or totally were going to transfer. And also, as we have spoken in many quarters in the past, we reduced substantially, almost to zero our writings in traditional risk transfer workers’ comp. We’re just not going to write this list, it’s running 115% to 120%. And I might add that many of the rate increases I hear out in the market place right now over-all are related to workers’ comp where maybe you’re getting 7% or 8% but just starting from 115 or 120 combined. We de-emphasized that class. And that plus the one time transaction together when you adjust for that North America is flat. We’re receiving great, and as I said, we’re maintaining underwriting discipline, and we’re very portfolio focused. And so while we’re achieving great, at the same it, we’re not writing, you know – new business writings are up in the quarter over last year, but they’re still relatively modest. And on a policy count basis you know, we’re still trading market share a bit for achieving better rate.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks, and so if I can just ask one question on the life reinsurance mark. So if you were to use – assume rates are flat and then revert to a traditional insurance approach, I mean what would the – on an apples to apples basis of that 706, what would the accretion look like you know, over the next few years? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: So I think that’s what we depicted on page 10 of the supplement, right? We said, in the top part of that schedule, we showed the assumptions that are implicit in our insurance accounting, and in the bottom table, the rates that are current and the current yield curve. And so as you look at it from top, you know, the first column it says operating – you can see there’s a relatively modest change when you change those interest rates to our operating income, and in the column to the right shows the realized gains that result from the various – for those two scenarios. So in each case, the book value grows, it’ll grow faster obviously if interest rates rise faster.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Right, but the base income in that segment is probably – I would imagine include some of that operating income? Or are you saying that on an apples to apples basis, the dollars coming back to that 706 are the realized gain numbers or the total net income slash book value?
Evan Greenberg: So all the way over to the right on that page, shows the total of the operating income and the realized gains and loss, and that would be the total increase to book value.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay great, thank you very much. You add them up, right. Got it thank you.
Operator: And we’ll move on to our next question from Jay Gelb of Barclays Capital.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Good morning, thank you. I didn’t see the share buyback in the press release. Did I miss it?
Evan Greenberg: Well we – Phil Lance [ph] whether it’s in the press release, but he did just tell you – you’ve got what he said in his comments right that –
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Yes, $100 million.
Evan Greenberg: It’s in the supplement, Jay.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Okay, what should we expect for 4Q and is this all related to offsetting delusion from stock issuance related compensation?
Evan Greenberg: It is related to – dilution – we said we will buyback, we will have a program to buyback our dilution. We don’t match it necessarily quarter for quarter just over a period, you know, over a reasonable period of time when we think it’s right, we execute buyback.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then Evan you seem to be increasingly constructive on the rating environment in terms of U.S. rates funding at bottom, is this similar to what we saw in 200 when we had a slow and steady pace of increases that seems to be more easily absorbed by customers and brokers?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know, I’m kind of cautious guy about this. I’m not willing to declare that this is a future trend, but we have been seeing it now for a couple of quarters, and it is – the floor is continuing to firm and we’re – and where we were getting rate increase we’re getting more rate increase now than we were a quarter ago. And we’re even seeing that as I said, for September the rate was even better and more classes are achieving that. What you’re finding is, the market place in general is unwilling – less and less willing, there are always cowboys and out liars [ph] there, but less and less willing to go along with any rate decrease. And in fact, brokers, are – less and less requesting rate decreases or bludgeoning the weak to give them. And that is – you know, that’s a favorable trend. And you know, I’d hardly declare it a hard market, but I’d say it’s – you know, it’s firming the market, it’s not softening, and it is beginning to firm.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then – the last one, reinsurance purchase trends, the net to gross premium ration in P&C continues to increase. Is that a trend we should expect to continue over time?
Evan Greenberg: Well you know, look, substantially, crop had a huge – a huge impact on that. Remember our seated ratio on crop was substantial, first of all, Renan Hale [ph] had an insurance company, and that’s one of the things we bought, and so they had a retention. And then there was more third part reinsurance even from them because of their limited capital while we captured both and that changes the net to gross. So our policies were out front on all that business. That’s the major changer.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next we have Matthew Heimermann of J.P. Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Hi, a couple of questions I guess. Just – big picture internationally, I mean did any of the pre-trade agreements that have gone through – I guess how much – are those to you over the short and medium term, and then are there – have you seen any big pictures I guess to the U.S. market or European market to develop market generally from some of the austerity we’re going through? Or is that – or should we just think about that as a continued growth challenge?
Evan Greenberg: Say the last part again? The –
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: With respect to develop the economies when we think about all the austerity and deficit reduction actions we’re seeing, should we just think about the risk associated with that being tied to growth? Or are there some other things that maybe we’re not – we should be conscious of?
Evan Greenberg: First on the free trade agreement, you know, look – there’s no – I don’t see any big event as a result of that, but you know, it’s all incremental, everything helps. And when – particularly in Korea, there is commitments to treat foreign participants same as you treat domestic participants and there’s greater transparency. I – to see change, but it’s an incremental benefit. And it also increase trade which increases activity and that increases opportunity for insurance. In Columbia which is frankly, I think we’re almost – we were almost sliding a defensive action as a country because Columbia which has been a long term ally of the United States, is very pro-American, was turning their gaze more towards other countries, China, Canada, and was becoming more disillusioned with America which makes it more difficult for American businesses when we go down there to generate opportunity. This is a reaffirmation that we certainly tried their patience in waiting all the years we did to do this and we certainly didn’t handle it I think in the best of ways and lost some political capital along the way with them, this definitely improves, it shows America’s commitment towards Latin America, and that is a benefit for American businesses. When it comes to – but I don’t expect to see change in Asia’s business, it’s all steady stuff by itself, another brick in the wall. Austerity in the United States and Europe, you know, look, first, it creates a drag on economic growth, and that will eventually show up and expose your growth for the industry which is the biggest impact. And then we know how much is being driven by the political environment right now whether it is Europe, whether it is the U.S. and our deficit and our inability to create confidence in business. Those really weigh on growth and they will weigh – and the insurance industry is a reflection of that.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: All right, that's helpful. And then just with respect to the competitive environment, I would just be curious how can consistent you feel like – how much consistency between companies that you're seeing in terms of underwriting appetite? I guess maybe another way to think about that is how much of the market do you see leading kind of the charge for better rate versus just still following at this point?
Evan Greenberg: I think a couple of – I think the best peer companies are endeavoring to do what we do and show discipline. And they are trying to press the market to recognize a price that reflects the risk. And then I think there are those who will just follow along with that and then there's, you know, there are still, you know, quite a number who will – who, given the chance, will take advantage to just write business for market share. They don't even – they don't know any better. I am convinced many of them don't even know the difference between what's an adequate or an inadequate price. But I see a number of companies that are trying to – a few that are brand names and I think are well run companies that are trying to do what we're doing.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: All right. Thanks much.
Evan Greenberg: And the way you lead is simply – it's very simple. It's not that you say, "I'm going to lead the market." Instead you say, "I am going to get a price that is commensurate with the risk or I'm willing to trade market share," period.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: That's helpful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And we have Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill: Good morning. You know, I am a big fan of mark-to-market accountings as you know. And I do think that market will look (inaudible) annuity thing. But I am – I have a couple of questions on it. The first question is, you know, why do you think the charge was bigger in this quarter than it was in the '08 period? And my second related question is, you know, why is the loss is on a key motive basis over – my (inaudible) just goes back eight years negative? It doesn't look like we sort of realized gaining perspective actually got the benefit of a rebound.
Evan Greenberg: You know when you're – if you want to take the first question, go ahead.
Phil Bancroft: Could you say the first question, again? I'm sorry?
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill: Well why was the charge for the VA bigger this time around…
Phil Bancroft: Okay, I'm sorry. Yes. There were two things. I think there are two periods where if you look at the disclosure we do around the sensitivities, the result for the quarter was a lower loss than you would have expected. The fourth quarter of '08 and the second quarter of '10 and as we disclosed in our, you know, 10 queues and all – during those quarters, we made other assumptions changes. We change assumptions relative to annuitization and, you know, the impact on annuitization of people being deeper in the money and those types of things. So we made some changes to the models that reflected our, you know, updated view of policy or the behavior. In this quarter we had no model changes so there were no, you know – so that as it turns out the reported results were, in my view, right in line with the sensitivities that we just closed.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill: And the…
Evan Greenberg: On your second question, you know, we've recovered a reasonable portion. We have not recovered all of it. Interest rates continued to fall. Equity markets, you know, from where they were in '07,'08 came down substantially. So when you add those together it has not fully recovered as of this time. That's another let down.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill: Yes. So if – so I guess the risk here is just interest rates stay low and the market stays relatively flat, you essentially just accept the loss that you book this?
Evan Greenberg: Well you say that, but we, you know, Paul, what we did was and let me go a little further is we gave you three or four years of transparency on that. That's why we did that so that you could see the sensitivity around that and do interest rates move in line with what we have in the buy-and-hold accounting, do they – do they behave or do they behave just like they did in fair value or is it something in between? And you can see how it accretes back. One, it will take longer to accrete back. The other one, it's shorter and something in between is just that. And so, you know, you could see those assumptions in that transparency. And I might add if you look beyond that, what we assume for interest rates for years pass that in the Life accounting is simply – is simple around 4.3% or 4.4% over many years to come in the future, the next 20 years, so nothing crazy. And so that, again, I think will help to ameliorate and we will accrete back.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill: Great. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley has another question.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Hi and good morning. I wanted to just ask a question around accounting (inaudible), you know, things are changing. Does it impact Ace at all?
Phil Bancroft: Yes. Based on what we know now, we don't think that there's going to be any material impact on either our book value or our income going forward. Now, we're still on the process of reviewing it and having it audited, but that's where we are.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: And then back to the VA book, I just wanted to confirm that my sense was you guys stopped writing new business for this book back in '07?
Phil Bancroft: Yes.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Is this a business that you like? Are we seeing, you know, should we be seeing more of it going forward or is this effectively in run off? And we're sort of stock with the accounting ramifications until it runs off.
Phil Bancroft: Well it's effectively in runoff, been in run off. We have not been in any new business. We don't have any intention at least in – at this point in writing any new business. And while you say, stock on one hand, that's true. And it's also producing about $40 million, $45 million a quarter of operating account. It does continue to produce (inaudible), you know, between $160 million and $180 million a year of income.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then one last one is just the expense ratio, the improvement was excellent. Any comments as the, I mean, again, it was – it was a step function improvement. So can you talk about maybe some of the initiatives or how that occurred?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You know look, most of the expense ratio improvement was due to the crop, the consolidation of all of the crop business into Ace. That was the substantial event that did that. It increases the loss ratio and decreases the expense ratio substantially. So it's more of a mix of business related. We've been practicing what we believe to be very tight expense control for many years. We don't let expenses get out of hand. And when we're in a fast growth period and therefore it's more steady as she goes in a slower growth period. There is no period where we are not trying to become more efficient and ring out every dollar we could find.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: Its shareholder money and we're not going to waste it.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You're welcome.
Operator: And then we'll move next to Cliff Gallant of KBW.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Good morning. I'm just following up on that last question, the expense ratio then. So we should expect to see a little bit more seasonal volatility in expense ratio as crop premiums have certain seasonality. Is that a fair statement?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think that's fair. Absolutely.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Okay. And my other question is on…
Evan Greenberg: You see seasonality anyway in our – in our business, in our expense ratio as it is. And this just adds another factor of seasonality to it.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Okay, okay, good. And also the paid losses in the quarter looked a little high, you know, they're running higher to normal above $2 billion. Was there anything going on there?
Phil Bancroft: The cat payments.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Just the cats that came up fully? All right. And then – and I just want to clarify you did say that there were no actuarial assumption changes in the VA book. Is that correct?
Phil Bancroft: That's correct. And, you know, no types of modeling changes or anything else.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Okay. So when I look at the disclosure and then from the second – the 10Q, you know, we see equity markets down probably in the – so I guess (inaudible) and minus 20 and interest rates down. That's the area, the minus 798 numbers, that's what you're indicating when you say when you think the – that table performed well?
Phil Bancroft: Yes. I think, well actually we would have said the equity markets were down 14% for the quarter and interest rates were off 40%. So, you know, if we've done it ourselves, you can get back right in to – we tested the disclosure and it works very well.
Cliff Gallant – KBW: Okay, very good. Thank you very much.
Phil Bancroft: You're welcome.
Operator: And Alan Zimmermann of Macquarie has the next question.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Thank you. I just want to stay on the variable annuity for a second because I guess conceptually it's easy to see how lower interest rates and a lower equity markets drive up to fair value liability. But it's important to see and it's important to see – easy to see how they can reverse. But it's important to see what the policy holder behavior is doing both to the liability and I don't think we have enough experience to know if that will reverse or how will that perform. So I'm just wondering if you could comment a little bit on how that affects the model.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The – Phil may talk about how it affects the model, but I didn’t tell you this. The policy holder behavior, the annuitizations in our portfolio don't begin – you get a little bit of – people, policies that mature could annuitized in '012, very little. You get a little – a bit more in '013. You get more, much more in '014 that are eligible for annuitization. And that's where you're going to see substantial policy holder behavior. And what we know right now from the studies we – from the clients we have where they have written this business long enough that there's enough data on annuitization from what we've seen, they're behaving, the annuitization rates are in line with what we would expect, what we expect and what we – what are in our models.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Okay which is why there's no change in the model?
Phil Bancroft: No. We continue to study. You know, each period we see the experience that emerges in the period and we decide whether that indicates a change to, you know, what we've used for the annuitization rates for example. But you're right. That's why there's no change because we're not – we're not seeing anything that would tell you to change up or down.
Evan Greenberg: Right.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Phil Bancroft: You're welcome.
Operator: And then Brian Meredith of UBS Financial has the next question.
Brian Meredith – UBS Financial: Yes. Thanks. Two questions for you. The first one I wonder if you could talk about your thoughts on and the potential, you know, implications of the administration's proposal on cutting some of the crop concerns hopefully?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The RMA has done, in our judgment, an excellent job in administering crop insurance over the years. And as you know, number one, there has been a number of changes to crop insurance that's not favorable to insurers. Over the last few years there have been two changes. We change it twice, number one. Number two, there is very strong recognition and support from both the agricultural industry and both sides of Congress, Democrat and Republican, for the – for the value of crop insurance, the recognition of the value of crop insurance in the agricultural economy. And I can tell you when the industry and when – and when both sides of Congress who were involved in this are discussing this subject they are more focused on achieving any deficit reduction in other areas of agricultural support than in crop insurance. Those are there priorities out in front because they recognize there's been change and they recognize – they all recognize the value of this. And it's quite overwhelming. So when I'm – while there are many things I'd be concerned about, this is not the one that I'm really focused on as a concern.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Okay. So you just – you just don't think it's going to go through and you don't think it will – there'll be much of an impact then going forward?
Evan Greenberg: Look, no one – no one can make that – you know, in this environment, no one can make any statements of, you know, definitive statements of certainty. But I feel fairly confident about that, yes.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Great. Thanks. And then just a second question, Evan, I’m wondering if you could just quickly comment on, you know, impact of the industry and maybe Ace and some of the type floods going on right now?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s like one of these disaster movies they keep saying, “It’s coming, it’s coming, it’s coming,” and, you know, and it’s like – they’re expecting significant flooding in Bangkok. They have been saying it for the last week that major flooding is coming and when we talk to the people on the ground and say, “Man, I keep looking out the window and seeing a sunny day and, you know, and it’s still dry but, you know, the water is moving down there.” That is a question of whether the (inaudible) hold, and if they do and they can pump water to the canals while the city will have water, you know, it remains to be seen how inundated it becomes. Right now, most of the industrial parts that are often the north, most of the early reports we have and it’s a very early. I’ve been talking to our folks last night, they say that, while there’s water all around of them and they can’t open because people can’t get to work right now. The facilities themselves have not experienced any significant flooding as of this time. Now, you know, that’s very early, don’t go to the bank on that and, we’ll see, this is just unfolding.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Would that mean that there could be some CPI losses?
Evan Greenberg: I don’t know.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t write a lot of CPI ourselves and I really can’t tell you because that’s a very insured specific. We’ll have to see, you know, just, you know, keep your eye on it, give it some time and we’ll see.
Alan Zimmermann – Macquarie: Great. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And Jay Cohen of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, Evan. A couple questions. First is given that the crop business is having, I guess, a distorting affect on the loss ratio, expense ratio, mix and also the net growth, is this all – you can break out and tell us actually what the premium level is for the crop business?
Evan Greenberg: I think we – in essence, yes, but we all – we’ll work on that, Jay, whether we, you know, because we don’t really break out by line of business. And so, and we don’t want to really start heading down that rabbit hole so much but this is a big book, so we’ll take that under consideration but the thing that we did do as we told you that in constant dollar – in constant dollar that on a publish basis our growth is 5.5% roughly excluding crop and the one time transaction we wrote last year so it gives you ...
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Evan Greenberg: ... magnitude there.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Second question. In reinsurance you have some – you have – negative catastrophe is obviously some favorable development from prior periods. What drove that?
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know, as I mentioned, we have – we have negative and positive by the way. and they net it out to fundamentally neutral, okay? I think it was a $4 million change. So, there was – there were ups and downs and, you know, it’s what you – what you find. You never, you know, this is about reserves the right. They're a little better or a little worse and it which each cat related back to each quarter, each quarter’s cat, a little change in this one and a little, you know, up and a little positive in this one and so when you net them out between them and next to fundamentally zero.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So no big moves from a particular cat, it sounds like.
Evan Greenberg: I’m sorry?
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: No big moves from any particular catastrophe.
Evan Greenberg: No. No, big moves from any particular catastrophe except that I should say the – one of my colleagues wants to say something.
Unidentified Participant: Gross in Japan close to that.
Evan Greenberg: Japan is where because by the nature of it is where the largest change took place.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Evan Greenberg: The gross came down.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Then the last question. You mentioned the pipeline for deals has improved, you’re seeing more opportunities. My question is has the type of deal you’re seeing – potential deals you’re seeing, has that changed at all?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s – has that type of deal – I don’t want to give you a glib answer so I’m thinking about for a moment. I’m a little bit. It’s more on a theme that I have been saying for awhile that is showing itself and that is we’re seeing a little more around opportunities with financial institutions that own insurance companies where insurance is a secondary business to them not their primary business.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And James Keating of The Green Button has the next question.
James Keating – The Green Button: Hi, team, hi Evan. I was intrigued by your comment about how loss cost trends estimates therefore, I think, were above what you, you know, expected price increases we’re tracking at. And I guess I want to ask you to expand on that if I could.
Evan Greenberg: Well, we have been consistent and clear that in our loss cost trends and casualty overall, you know, we still price and depends on the line of business, you know, 5% to 6% in primary going up to like the ninth to eleventh in excess because of the leverage and that continues, that doesn’t change and you’re not getting rate increases to track that. Though the difference between – but then there’s two – there’s two things that are ameliorating. You’re getting price so the gap is not growing. It’s shrinking. And secondly, what you benefit form is as business you wrote in the past begins to run off as it matures, that business because of inflation being less than you priced in, in the past, that business is running of more favorably than those two things that are ameliorating to what you see as trend. So I hope that expansion helps you.
James Keating – The Green Button: Sure, it does. Thanks a lot.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital.
Evan Greenberg: Hey, Ian, good morning.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi, Evan. I was wondering if there’s been a difference in the ability to get rate between agency source business and broker source business.
Evan Greenberg: Not really. And, you know, Ace is more of a brokerage company and – so no, we don’t notice that and I might add, in fact, probably we’re getting better, doing a little better on the larger trade, more sophisticated client than we are on the – on the smaller just flow business commodity.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. Interesting, I was (inaudible)?
Evan Greenberg: As the opposite of what some others might say but that’s how we’re seeing them.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Interesting. And are any of those large clients buying less coverage to offset rate yet or is there no real change in demand for cover.
Evan Greenberg: No. No, real change in demand for cover.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. Great. And then the other comment you made about (inaudible) seeing some growth. I guess I’ve seen some other talk about submissions in the ENS marketplace increasing is that kind of what you’re seeing behind that and if so, what's driving that?
Evan Greenberg: We’re seeing increased submission but we’re seeing better retention of business which first is the – that’s the more stabilizing to me and we’re seeing pricing not just in property which, you know, by itself would move you to positive rate even if other classes were negative but we’re seeing it – not we’re seeing positive pricing not just in property but we’re seeing it in casualty in ENS as well.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Are you seeing the standard market that was sort of playing that space the last couple of years during that back off [ph], is that a property driving to flow?
Evan Greenberg: No, not yet. Don’t go overboard.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. Got it. And just my last and real quick, on the Penn Miller acquisition, I think I understand the strategy, I just want to make sure. From what I understand, they’ve historically struggled a bit of trying to, you know, to leverage the equipment business with the crop and I assume just given – you obviously have much more scale and better distribution that is sort of a natural fit to go to your customers and try to cross sell if you will.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, you got it. You know, look, Penn Miller was a mutual company, and when it was a mutual, it could focus very, very well on what it does particularly well its expertise which is in that agro business-related property. You know, the company went public and as such you feel some of the company, you know, public company pressures and they were expanding out in other things that, you know weren't really within their wheel house [ph]. We’ll focus on their wheel house [ph]. And then we’ve got very large distribution and a great brand with Rain and Hail and this is just – this is adding an expertise that we will take advantage of.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Is there one of the – one of this – I think earlier this is year or last year you talked about, you know, that this agency plan to have the opportunity to do more things with this. Is this kind of what you have in mind or one of the things you had in mind?
Evan Greenberg: This is one of them.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And I assume there might be more to come?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but a number of those will come from current day’s product capability not from acquisition whether it’s in the high net worth area or whether it’s growing in the farm area, whether it’s environment opportunities, whether it’s overseas exposure for those in the agro business, whether it’s what we’re doing in small commercial that this gives us reach into more rural community. So over time, remember, it’s not going to be quick. You have to do this in a thoughtful and methodical way. Over time we will add more products and we're beginning to do that.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Great. Thanks very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak has the next question.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Just briefly – in trying to follow the investment income trends, you came in again quite a bit higher I think than your guidance had been for the second quarter and I’m just wondering if we should be thinking of closer to 530 or 540 or we should be thinking of closer to 560 is the kind of regular quarterly run rate.
Philip Bancroft: I give the run rate, you know, in our opening remarks at 555 to 565, that’s our view. You know it’s going to be subject to survivability. One of the things we’re seeing is in some of the mortgage portfolios, the durations are extending so we’re not moving as quickly into the lower new money [ph] rates. And we've – we’ve estimated those things but it’s going to subject to volatility of that in efex and private equity distribution, so that’s our best guess at this point.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Okay. Good. Thank you. And then the second question really has – when I looked at the page 10 of the supplement and, I guess, as I recall, the sensitivity is in the 10Q referred to the fair value model. I’m wondering what would the traditional life insurance models sensitivities look like if just for the purpose of argument we did something, like say, the 10-year treasury was 1.5% and the S&P 500 was at 850 for an extended period.
Philip Bancroft: Yes. Well, from a March standpoint, what we said – I’ll just give you a couple of numbers as examples. If the S&P fell to 1,000 for example, we have an additional mark of 250. If the interest rate fell another 50 basis points, just as an example, and that’s falling from the 1.9 as we said is the 100-year low rate, if that fell, it would be another 250.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Okay. I guess my question is would that – would that affect the traditional insurance accounting model at all?
Evan Greenberg: Not necessarily.
Phil Bancroft: Yeah, not necessarily. And you can see in our disclosure we’ve talked about our protocols and it depends – remember something, it depends on where – what we think – where we think interest rates are going to be at the time someone annuitizes. That’s when interest rates come to play. They're a function of what somebody will receive when they annuitize. And so, it’s in their contract with their – with their insurance company and then the insurance company has a protocol with us. So, if we think interest rates would be at that level when someone is annuitizing in ‘013, then we would – we would reflect that in our life insurance accounting reserve.
Evan Greenberg: And it’s the same point on the equity index, right, to the extent that we believe that this is a fundamental change and we’re no longer believe the assumptions in our insurance accounting model then we would change it.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: Right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: And Larry Greenberg of Langen McAlenney has the next question.
Larry Greenberg – Langen McAlenney: Good morning. Not much more to ask, but just one house cleaning. Just on the – I’m assuming that the piece in your operating space – that you broke out losses from separate account assets, presumably, you know, that would reverse in a better interest rate and stock market environment along with the fair value mark.
Philip Bancroft: Now let be clear, those two things are completely unrelated. In Hong Kong, we have separate account products. So the results of the assets belong to the policy holders. So we have two things going on, the value of the assets go down, that goes into other income, the value of the liabilities go down correspondingly, completely offsetting, and that goes into benefits. So there’s no impact or no book value, or no impact to that, it just has to be separated because you know, it’s a technical thing that since it hasn’t been improving in the course of those accounts are bankruptcy remote [ph] they just have to be shown that way, but there is no net effect because it reverse the As, it reverse this – for the policy holder.
Larry Greenberg – Langen McAlenney: Okay, thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: And at this time, we have time for one final question, that will come from Michael Grasher of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Just to follow up on your comments earlier. Question would be how much more pain can we anticipate seeing in the industry before maybe you get interested, or more focused, I should say on that specific line of business?
Evan Greenberg: On the VA line of business?
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Workers’ comp.
Evan Greenberg: On workers’ comp line of business. I have – when we think we can earn and underwriting profit, that’s when – that’s when we would consider expanding in any significant way in that line of business. And I do not see that on the horizon. And you know, you run a 115 in your earning, you know, 1%, 2%, 3% you know, at that point – in our judgment, you’re destroying capital, you’re destroying share holder value, and we just don’t have an interest in it, and I don’t see on the horizon a change in that. That is substantial enough.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: So it’s fair to say there is more pain to come and we should continue to see rate improvement within that line of business?
Evan Greenberg: I think so. You know, I don’t know. That’s rational. And so the first thing I’d say is I think so, because that’s my rational mind speaking and we’ll see.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning, we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the next quarter. Thank you, and good day. And again, that does concludes today’s conference call. We’d like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dino Robusto - Executive Vice President and President of Personal Lines & Claims Richard Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Krump - Executive Vice President and President of Commercial and Specialty Lines John Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee
Analysts: Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Unknown Analyst -  Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Chubb Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industries and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's second quarter 2011 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the second quarter 2011, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replay of this webcast will be available through August 19, 2011. Those listening after July 21, 2011 should please note that the information in forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that information will no longer be current. Now I will turn the conference over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thanks for joining us. We are pleased to report extra results for the second quarter and the first half of the year. Both of which were periods of record catastrophe losses for the property and casualty industry. Operating income per share for the second quarter was $1.27, reflecting a $0.72 impact of catastrophes. That compares to $1.41 in last year's second quarter when the impact of cats was $0.38. The x cat combined ratio for the second quarter of 2011 was 83.6%, which is in line with the 83.5% x cat combined ratio in last year's second quarter. For the first 6 months, operating income per share was $2.62 and the combined ratio was 94.3% including a 10.4 point impact of cats. The x cat combined ratio 83.9% for the first 6 months compares with 82.4% in the first half of last year. During the second quarter, our investment portfolio produced a net realized gain before tax of $69 million or $0.15 per share after-tax, bringing our net income to $419 million or $1.42 per share. At June 30, our net unrealized appreciation before tax stood at $2.1 billion, which is an increase of $445 million as of March 31. Reported book value per share at June 30, 2011 was $55.23, 12% higher than a year ago. Despite the significant catastrophe losses that we incurred in the second quarter, our sustained profitability and strong capital position enabled us to continue repurchasing our shares at a pace similar to that of the first quarter. As we have said before, we expect to complete our current share repurchase program by the end of January 2012. In January this year we provided 2011 operating income guidance of $5.35 to $5.75 per share base in part on the assumption of 3.5 points of cats for the year. Substantially higher than expected cats in the first half had led us to change that assumption to 7.5 points of cats for the full year. Nevertheless, based on our excellent overall results year-to-date and our outlook for the second half of the year, we are increasing our earnings guidance to a range of $5.55 to $5.85 per share. Ricky will discuss the progress we made on our share repurchase program and will also elaborate on our updated guidance in his remarks. Let me now turn it over to Paul who will talk about our commercial and specialty insurance results.
Paul Krump: Thanks, John. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, net written premiums for the second quarter were up 8% to $1.3 billion. The combined ratio was 102.5% versus 92.9% in the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the 15.2 point impact of catastrophes, CCI's second quarter combined ratio was 87.3%, the same as in the second quarter of last year. In the United States, while the standard commercial market remain competitive, we are encouraged that CCI's average renewal rates were up 2%, the first increase in 5 quarters. Retention for the second quarter was a strong 87%, the same as in the first quarter. Our new-to-lost business ratio was 1.3:1, which was also the same as in the first quarter. Within the overall 2% renewal rate increase, our property and marine renewal rates were up the most, led by increases in the geographic regions which are most catastrophe-prone. Our average general liability renewal rates were also up as we push aggressively for rate increases and select customer segments that are having adverse loss experience.  Average renewal rates for workers compensation were also positive led by California. Umbrella excess renewal rates were up slightly, while package and commercial automobile rates were flat. Given all the unusually severe weather in the first 6 months of the year, insurance buyers were reminded almost daily that no region of the country is safe from catastrophes. Against this backdrop, our U.S. agents and brokers who handle standard commercial lines are generally having an easier time articulating the need for higher rates. Approximately 70% of the CCI business we renewed in the United States in the second quarter had flat or positive rate increases. That compares to about 60% in the first quarter of this year and 50% in the fourth quarter of 2010. In CCI markets outside of the United States, the geographic areas that have experienced recent catastrophes namely Chile, Australia, New Zealand and Japan are experiencing substantial property rate increases.  There were several factors, in addition to higher renewal rates, that contributed to CCI's 8% premium growth in the second quarter. We received additional premiums from mid-term endorsement activity and from premium audits. These are both encouraging signs since endorsement activity often relates to things like new equipment purchases by our insurers and more audit premium means that the actual payrolls and sales of our customers were slightly higher than they originally expected. CCI's premium growth also reflected a positive effect from currency movements, continued strong renewal retention and a slightly better flow of new business activity compared to last year.  Turning now to Chubb's Specialty Insurance, net written premiums for the second quarter were up 2% to $680 million. CSI's combined ratio was 80% versus 82.5% in the second quarter of 2010. Net written premiums for professional liability were up 2% to $595 million and the combined ratio was 84.6% compared to 87.2% in the second quarter of 2010. Renewal rates for professional liability in the United States in the second quarter of 2011 were down 2%, an improvement over the first quarter when they were down 3%. Renewal retention was 89% in the second quarter, 2 points better than the first quarter's 87%. The new-to-lost business ratio was 1.3:1 in the second quarter, an improvement over 1.1:1 in the first quarter. Within the overall renewal rate decrease of 2% in professional liability in the United States in the second quarter, public D&O rates were down the most, even though they improved slightly from the first quarter. At the same time, the renewal rate change for the other professional liability segments were within a tight range from slightly negative to slightly positive. The rate environment outside of the United States for professional liability was unchanged in the second quarter from the first quarter, with rates down in the low single digits. For our Surety business, net written premiums in the second quarter were up 2% and the combined ratio was 44.5%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dino, who will review Personal lines and Claims.
Dino Robusto: Thanks, Paul. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 5% in the second quarter to $1.1 billion. This represents our sixth consecutive quarter of growth with particularly strong premium increases outside the United States. CPI produced a combined ratio of 96.9% compared to 92.9% in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes for the second quarter of 2011 was 14.5 points compared to 13.8 points in the second quarter of 2010. On an x cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 82.4% in the second quarter of this year, compared to 79.1% in the second quarter of 2010, and 86% in the first quarter of 2011. Homeowners premiums were up 5% for the quarter and the combined ratio was 97.7%. Excluding 22.5 points of catastrophes, the Homeowners combined ratio was an excellent 75.2%. Personal auto premiums increased 8%, driven by strong growth outside the United States and the combined ratio was 92%. In other personal, which includes our accident, yacht and personal excess liability lines, premiums were up 4% and the combined ratio was 98.6%.  Now let me say a word or 2 about the personal lines market in the U.S. What we continue to see is general rate taking in the industry for both auto and homeowners. We have observed across the broader insurance market rate increases for auto in the low-single digits and more aggressive increases for homeowners in the mid-single digits, which is understandable given the industry's poor results over last several years. Among the companies that are taking rate are those that competes directly with Chubb in the high net worth space. We think that recent industry catastrophe experience in the U.S. has instilled the greater sense of urgency in the market for taking even larger rate increases going forward. At Chubb, we are reviewing rates on a state-by-state basis as we normally do and we are filing rate increases where warranted. However, since we are starting from a far superior position in terms of profitability, you will not see our rate taking matching the industry's. This in turn, will further improve our competitive position.  We are pleased with the momentum of homeowners and personal auto in the U.S. as both premiums and policy count grew this quarter from higher levels of new business and by ongoing improvement in our policy retention, which in the second quarter was 91% for homeowners and 88% for auto.  We are also encouraged by improvement in our endorsement activity, which has been positive for the fifth consecutive quarter. We believe that the increased price sensitivity on the part of customers that we experienced during the height of the recession has abated and that customers are increasingly more willing to stay for Chubb's unique value proposition. Turning to claims for the company overall, the big story for the quarter is catastrophes, just as it was in the first quarter. For Chubb, the largest second quarter events were the tornadoes and other storms in Alabama, Missouri and North Carolina. You will recall that on June 20, we announced estimated cat losses of between $250 million and $310 million before tax for the months of April and May. Our current estimates for April and May events is close to the midpoint of that range. The total for the entire second quarter including June, was $329 million or 11.3 points of the combined ratio. It was the highest second quarter cat impact in the history of Chubb by a wide margin. For comparison, the impact of cats amounted to $193 million or 6.9 points of the combined ratio in the second quarter of last year. Until this year, that was the highest second quarter cat impact in Chubb's history. If there is a silver lining to these extreme cat events, it is that they allow us to show our customers, as well as our agents and brokers how seriously we take our promise to be there at the time of a claim. When a cat occurs, thousands of customers can be affected but every customer cares, first and foremost, about their own claim and rightfully so. The idea is to let them know that we share their sense of urgency. For example, from the beginning of this year through mid-June, 95% of CPI's U.S. customers were contacted within 6 hours of their first claim report. Not 6 days, 6 hours. Little wonder that in the first half of this year, 97% of CPI customers who had a claim said they were highly satisfied with our claim service. We never wish a loss on anyone, but the best word of mouth advertising we have comes from customers who have experienced our claim service. And now I'll turn it over to Ricky.
Richard Spiro: Thanks, Dino. I will review our financial results for the quarter and discuss our updated guidance. As you've already heard, we are very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, particularly in light of the unusually high level of catastrophes.  Looking at our second quarter operating results, we had underwriting income of $135 million, property and casualty investment income after tax was up 2% to $318 million, about half of the increase was due to the impact of currency. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $69 million or $0.15 per share after tax, largely driven by gains from our alternative investments portfolio. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2010, we had net realized investment gains before tax of $90 million or $0.18 per share after tax. Unrealized appreciation before tax at June 30, 2011, increased to $2.1 billion from $1.6 billion at the end of the first quarter. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $43.1 billion as of June 30, 2011, compared to $42.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter, the average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.8 years and the average credit-rating is Aa2. We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At June 30, our holding company portfolio at $1.9 billion of investments including about $600 million of short-term investments.  Book value per share under GAAP at June 30, 2011, was $55.23 compared to $52.24 at year-end 2010 and $49.39 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale, fixed maturities at amortized cost was $51.34 compared to $49.05 at 2010 year-end and $45.61 a year ago. As for reserves, we estimate that we have favorable development in the second quarter of 2011 on prior-year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI, we had approximately $35 million, CCI had $80 million, CSI also had $80 million and reinsurance assumed has $10 million. That brings our total favorable development to approximately $205 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the second quarter combined ratio of about 7 points overall. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2010, we had about $180 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $55 million in CPI, $55 million in CCI, $70 million in CSI and none in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the second quarter of 2010 was about 6.5 points. During the second quarter of 2011, our loss reserves increased by $157 million including the increase of $189 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $32 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in runoff. The impact of cats increased reserves by about $195 million and the impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of $55 million. Turning now to capital management. During the second quarter, we repurchased 7 million shares at an aggregate cost of $455 million, the average cost of our repurchases in the second quarter was $64.86 per share. For the first 6 months, our repurchases totaled about $842 million with an average cost of $61.99 per share. At the end of the second quarter, we had $14.9 million shares remaining under our current share repurchase program, and as John mentioned, we are on pace to complete this program by the end of January 2012.  Before turning it back to John, let me provide you with some details on our revised guidance. As John indicated, we have increased our guidance for operating income per share for the full year to a range of $5.55 to $5.85, from the range of $5.35 to $5.75 that we had provided in January. Our revised guidance is based on the following underlying assumptions: We expect net written premiums for the full year to increase 4% to 6% including a benefit from foreign currency translation of about 1 point based on exchange rate as of June 30, 2011. The January 2011 guidance had assumed that net written premiums would be flat to up 2% with no impact from currency.  Based on our actual catastrophe losses of 10.4 points in the first half, we have revised our cat assumption for the full year to 7.5 points, which implies about 4.5 points of cat losses in the second half. For those who would like to make a higher or lower cat assumptions, the impact of each percentage points of catastrophe losses for the full year on operating income per share is approximately $0.26. For our 2011 combined ratio, we expect the range of 92% to 94% compared to the January guidance assumption of 91% to 93%. The increase in our catastrophe assumption is largely offset by an expected improvement in our x cat combined ratio reflecting our strong underlying performance, year-to-date.  We expect property and casualty investment income after tax to be about flat, including the benefit from foreign currency translation of about 1 point. Our January guidance assumed a decline of 2% to 4% in P&C investment income after tax with no impact from currency.  Finally, we assume $291 million average diluted shares are outstanding for the full year, which is unchanged from our earlier guidance. And now, I'll turn it back to John.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. As you heard, Chubb has performed extremely well in the second quarter in the first 6 months of the year. Some of the highlights were second quarter operating income per share of $1.27 and annualized operating ROE of 10.3%, by an 11.3 points of catastrophe losses in what was the worst second quarter for cats in the history of the industry.  Six month operating income per share of $2.62 and an annualized operating ROE of 10.8%, excellent performance in the phase of 10.4 points catastrophe losses in the first half. Terrific x cat combined ratios of 83.6% for the second quarter and 83.9% for the first half. Net written premium growth of 6% in the second quarter and 5% for the first 6 months. And an increase in book value per share at $55.23, which is 12% higher than a year ago.  In summary, despite unprecedented level of catastrophe losses in the first half of the year, we were still sufficiently profitable to increase our full-year earnings guidance and reaffirm our intention to complete our authorized stock buyback program by the end of January 2012. I think this speaks volumes to the strength of our underlying performance. And with that, we'll open it to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question from Jay Gelb, Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Two questions for you. First on the level of rate improvement in commercial insurance. It seems like you're a bit more constructive on the outlook than perhaps a couple of months ago, and I just wanted to delve into that a bit in terms of do you believe that trend you saw in second quarter is sustainable? And related to that, do you feel there's enough excess capital that's been removed from the industry to keep that in place? And then the second issue is on investment income. It came in a little strong, about $10 million stronger than we were expecting after tax for the quarter and I just want to get a sense whether there any one-time issues in there we should be aware of?
John Finnegan: Let's go to the second one first, I'll ask Ricky to address that.
Richard Spiro: Sure, Jay, on the investment income, half of the increase was related to currency so there really weren't any other particular one-time item that I would call out.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: You're talking about the $7 million year-over-year increase?
Richard Spiro: Yes.
John Finnegan: And Paul, why don't you talk about the commercial.
Paul Krump: Okay, Jay. Yes, I think the feeling here is that the market certainly improved a bit here in the last 3 months. I touched on the fact that property was up especially in the cat-prone areas. Our feeling is that we're out there pushing rate across the board, and we're seeing the resistance levels a little bit easier than they were. And we're hopeful that, that will continue.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And to sort of tie on to that, do you feel enough excess capital has come out of the industry to support that? Or is this essentially a reaction with the rates following the big losses we've seen both in the U.S. and internationally?
John Finnegan: I think the numbers would show, Jay, there's still plenty of excess capital in the industry. So I'd say that the second is more likely. That there's a need to make -- in addition to excess capital, I mean, I don't think we should think a carriers just simply burn down losses to their -- end of their excess capital. Now history has proven I maybe wrong in that area, but I think that what we've seen is that with the recent cats and the new cat models that there's a significant need for pricing in the industry, price improvements. And we started on that road. Is it sustainable? I don't know, I mean it's probably sustainable at the levels we've gotten so far. Is it going to get significantly higher? I guess that's still to be proven.
Operator: Up next, we'll hear from Matthew Heimermann, JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess, first question for Ricky, maybe. The last quarter, we asked you about amounts you needed some time to digest it so just be curious now that you have some time to look at it, how that's changed, your P&Ls or just how you thought about exposure and be curious if you could kind of contrast that with the comment with respect to homeowners that you probably won't be pushing as hard as some of your peers. Just was wondering is that also related to kind of the work you've done on the modeling side?
Richard Spiro: I'll attempt to answer the question on where we stand on the new model and maybe Dino will touch a little bit more on the Homeowners side. We've done a lot of work to better understand the model itself and validate its impact on our book of business and as you likely know, RMS has already come out with a couple of corrections to risk in '11, so we're updating a check on our data with these new patches. All of this is going to continue to take time before we can reach any real definitive conclusions. But let me share just a few thoughts with you. As we've said before, the new version of the model is generating higher risk estimates for exposure of hurricanes in the United States. But the impact of the new model in our book of business varies greatly among the regions that we model for hurricanes. Going forward, we're going to continue to monitor and analyze the new model as we incorporate it with the other cat models that we use. And we intend to take underwriting actions and/or purchase additional reinsurance in order to reduce or mitigate our exposure in regions or states where we believe warranted. Although our analysis of the impact in the model is still a work-in-progress, we have enough information, I think at this point, on the directional impact to begin taking certain actions and we've already done so. For example, we purchased some additional catastrophe reinsurance during the quarter in order to more efficiently manage our risks. In particular, in June, we purchased $200 million of additional limit for the Northeast U.S., which is our peak zone. And this was in addition to about $100 million increase to our North American cat reinsurance program that we outlined in our April earnings call and in our most recent 10-Q. And although not related to the new model, during the second quarter, we also purchased $100 million of additional limit to cover certain non-US catastrophes. At this point, that's about as far as I can go in terms of where we stand and now I'll turn it over to Dino to comment on the homeowners side.
Dino Robusto: Yes. I think the way to look at it, as I indicated earlier, it's where we start from on a profitability basis. We had an x cat combined ratio on the homeowners as I indicated at 75.2%, which is an excellent number. So we're not in a position with homeowners where rate is needed to fix the profitability issue. Nonetheless, we will take rate where it's warranted, which is reflected in fact that in the second quarter, about 1/2 of a point of our homeowners net written premium in the U.S. was attributable to rate. And I would say this impact should increase as we move forward based on our regular state by state reviews. Now of course, any plans we have are subject to regulatory approval. So not really in a position to give you an exact number, but I can say that homeowners rate movement should be increasingly positive through 2011. Something else to keep in mind is that in the premiums that we charge on homeowners, it also includes an inflation card protection or replacement cost increases. Over the last 3 quarters, we've experienced the homeowners premiums changed associated with this exposure protection of about 2.5 points. Incidentally, some of the other carriers include this factor in their renewal change that they quote. And the homeowners outside the U.S., really varies by geography, Canada and the U.K. were trending similar to U.S. In Australia, we're increasing our homeowner rates much more aggressively in a response to the elevated catastrophe activity.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is it fair then to kind of, based on what both you and Ricky have said, then to kind of think about the rate you're -- what rate you're taking is more in response to what you need relative to perceived exposure or changes in the cat models and -- but there's not kind of, I guess your comment's kind of saying you're not gratuitously just going to follow the market up even if you could maybe get a little bit more, you're just going to get what you need?
John Finnegan: I think, Jay, I think that the issue is that we are pretty profitable now in x cat basis, as Dino cited. But however, cats count and we've had 10 and 11 points accounts the cats in the last 2 quarters and we have a new cat models system that will end up requiring additional capital, that we'll either have to accept or reinsure it of course. So we absolutely have to take some rate, especially in cat-prone areas.
Operator: Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs is up next.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a couple here. So is pricing outpacing loss trend? I mean, within commercial lines and especially lines, in particular, are you seeing that on a dollars written basis?
John Finnegan: This is John. No. I mean, first of all, the most recent pricing was 2 points in the quarter, so I don't think you could say that that's outstripping loss trend. But this year, we're still -- our earned premium book is still more like flat. So it's certainly not outstripping loss trend. Now, that's expected loss trend. The truth has been of course, that loss trends haven't come in line with expectations, they've been more benign in that over the last few years. But if you look back at standard commercial though, we've probably had about a 2-point margin compression over a 2-year period, which is pretty good considering rates were flat too to negative. And specialty, you're talking about we've had negative rates for a while. But the actual results in any one quarter and specialty professional liabilities, specifically, is really driven much more by the existence or absence of the systematic events, systemic events rather than the long-term trend line. So you really get the margin compression thing there, it isn't as relevant but we're not getting rates that's going to cover long term trend line costs for sure.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just one question I had, maybe for Dino. You'd mentioned on personal lines, kind of surprising that folks are taking rate higher -- you're maybe being more selective and not having to compensate for issues in other parts of your book. But it seems like there are a lot of people moving into that space and so I was a little just curious, are you not seeing more competition? Or is it just that the competition is more reacting to issues they're having elsewhere?
Dino Robusto: Clearly, there's more competition in this business and how they're pricing, I guess, is a function of what their underlying profitability is. And again, I can comment on it in terms of what our profitability has been, and we do our regular rate reviews and we're comfortable with as we're seeing it. As John indicated clearly, this is going to continue to be positive going forward for the rest of 2011 and into 2012.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So you're not seeing people specifically come in and undercut more of the activity is to raise pricing?
John Finnegan: We see people that come into our space and obviously offer -- the only way they can get the business is offer much lower rates, of course, or offer cat exposure that we wouldn't take. That's a fact, but as I've said before couple of the competitors, major competitors of us in the years gone aren't as strong. So it always seems very competitive in every industry whether it's more or less, it's hard to say. Some -- we've got some new ones in, we've got some old ones gone. It's a mix and match.
Operator: Next up is Greg Locraft, Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Wanted to follow-up on the pricing commentary and how it goes into the margin line. What is the lag if you're able to actually continue to do what it seems you guys are doing? Should we begin to expect your x cat margins to be increasing at this point next year? Or could it be even sooner?
John Finnegan: At 2% on commercial only, let's say personals probably flat. Specialty certainly isn't positive and again, it's dependent more on what's occurring out there. 2% on commercial only in rate is certainly not going to drive an improvement in margins. Hopefully, when we talk next time, it will be a little bit more than 2%. 2% to 4% would probably get even with loss costs when you consider that the 2% to 4% of rates on the whole premium where the loss cost number is on like 60% of that. So no, I would think that it depends where loss cost trends -- whether they develop as they projected. Again they haven't, they've been more benign in recent years. But certainly at 2%, you're not going to increase margins.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Just to be clear, you're pushing, you're going to be pushing more than that too. And therefore, if you do that and loss trends don't change, we'll see some margin into next year. That's the way it should come through the income statement from an earned perspective or...
John Finnegan: Let's say we've got that 3% or 4% in the fourth quarter. I mean, you can only see that over a period of time, of course. I mean you're going to see next year the stuff we've written already and the stuff we write next year. So it will be a lag basis. I mean for example, we're 2% in this quarter on a written basis, but we're probably flat on an earned premium basis. So there's a lag there.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good. And then again, Ricky, coming back to the net investment income line. You guys have actually done a nice job in an incredibly low interest rate world. In fact, you're taking guidance up versus 6 months ago. I don't think the interest rate environment has gotten better. So I'm just curious, what are you guys buying that's allowing you to kind of hang in there better than perhaps we might think, given the duration of your book?
Richard Spiro: You know what's in our portfolio. You can see it in all of our financial statements and our portfolio really hasn't changed. We are getting a bit of a benefit, as I said, from currency. Some of the cash flows you get from some of our investments, whether they be limited partnerships or others in terms of dividend income, kind of hard sometimes to predict that. But we're really not doing anything different than what we've been doing over the last number of years.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good. Then last on cats is just on, is this sort of a new normal in terms of -- you've got 7.5 points coming through this year, 3.5 was the guidance at the beginning of the year, which I assume that looks more in line with the historical averages. Should we be thinking in though '12 that the averages are going up given what we've seen in the last, not just this year, but last year and even the last 3, 4, 5 years? It just seems like the average cats as a percentage of premium is migrating higher, any thoughts there?
John Finnegan: I'm sure hoping it's not the new normal. If it is, I'm retiring early, I'll tell you. The statistics are pretty interesting on it. Paul, why don't you talk a little bit about cat experience?
Paul Krump: Sure, John. Just backing up here a little bit. The background, our average cat impact per annum since 1983 is about 3%, and the average since 1986 was about 3.5%. Obviously, there's a huge variations by quarter, a little less variation by year. But as underwriters, we tend to think about cat loads over a longer period of time. For example, I can recall a number of years where we experienced very benign cats and nobody ever around here suggest that we lower our loads because of that. That said, we believe that the recent high level of catastrophe activity and the changing catastrophe risk models will place pressure on property underwriters throughout the industry to integrate these into their capital costs and hopefully adjust their rates accordingly because we certainly will be taking a hard look at that.
John Finnegan: Let me give you example on volatility. Katrina obviously, was a big year. Then in 2006, we only have 1.4 points of cat losses. 2007, another 3, 2008 was a bad year at 5.2, we came back in 2009 with less than 1 point. It's all over the place. Obviously the last 18 months have not been good. But interestingly enough, in the last 18 months we haven't any -- or at least since Katrina we haven't really bad hurricane experiences, a little bit one year, but hurricanes have been relatively benign.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I've largely gone with 3.5% in the forward model for '12 et cetera, and I'm just wondering if it begins to bump higher from a guidance perspective until '12 and beyond. It sounds like you guys are -- it's not different based on what you're saying, it's just a period of bad luck and we'll see what the future brings.
Richard Spiro: Quick follow-up on the investment income question. I just want to make something clear. To the first half of the year, our net income was up 1%, it's actually flat when you take into account currency. So if you look at what we're actually projecting out for the second half of the year with a 1 point of currency, we're actually projecting a decline in investment income over to the second half for the year to get us to flat. So just want to be clear on that.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Jay Cohen, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just one question, when you were talking about the CCI segment, your referred to some lines of business where you've had adverse loss experience and you were looking for higher prices there. Can you talk about what those lines were? And I guess as a follow on, maybe it is 2 questions, if you could talk in general on the commercial side, latest information on claims trends?
Paul Krump: Sure Jay. This is Paul. I'll take the first piece and then pass over to Dino to talk a little bit about claims. Just to be clear in my prepared remarks, I was talking about general liability and certain segments of our general liability that are having some adverse loss trends and we're pushing rate very aggressively there. What we're talking about here is really thinking -- I encourage you to think about say, 4-digit SIC codes in a state and we're saying, boy we think that the rates there are down too much and our experience has been adverse and we're pushing it. So this is really a lasered approach that I was talking about. I'm not talking about a overall product line, I'm talking about segments of a specific product line, that is general liability.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then in general, what are you seeing from a claims standpoint? In comp, if you could zero on that one too?
Paul Krump: So let's start with frequency. As far as the frequency is concerned, our claim counts, obviously the statistics vary by line of business. Overall, U.S., new arise counts including catastrophes decreased about 17% against the prior-year quarter, and they're down 10% in the first half over the prior-year first half. New arise clients Excluding catastrophes, we're up 7% against the prior-year quarter and they're up 6% for the first half of 2011 versus the first half of 2010. The most significant factor driving this count increase was the effect of the non-cat winter storms in the mid-Atlantic and the Northeast. Excluding catastrophes and these storms, property new arise counts were actually down 2%, and overall our counts were up 3% for the first half of 2011. On severity, the trends obviously, again vary significantly by line of business due to the very different cost drivers whether it's the building material costs or the labor rates or property, medical inflation. But overall, we aren't seeing any evidence of any quickening pace of claims inflation. We're seeing claims cost severity increases that are generally consistent with our trend assumptions. Focusing, you asked, I believe, on work comp. Our period-to-period claim statistics are not as stable as the industry stats just because we have less than 2% of the market share. This quarter work comp, new arise claim counts were actually up 2%, which is partly due to the increased volume of business we're writing. This was driven though by an increase in medical-only claims, which are significantly less expensive than claims where the employee misses time from work. These lost time claims actually saw a slight decrease this quarter, 1%. Overall, we're seeing claim cost severity increases that are generally consistent, as I said, what our trend assumptions. Some are up and some are down in certain areas. One place where we are seeing somewhat higher pace of cost dislocation emerges in California for work comp. The benefit reforms in California clearly reduced cost significantly. But there are some signs that some cost are creeping back into the system and causing the rate of increase there to steepen again. Just one point of clarification that you had to go back on. I had indicated that the increase was driven by the medical-only claims, which is the case. The lost time claims just saw a slight increase of 1%, I may have said that one -- a decrease, I meant a 1% increase.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify something, the initial statement was frequency for new arising claims or number of new arising claims in the U.S. was down 17%. That was, I'm sorry, with catastrophes?
Paul Krump: Yes, that was including catastrophes decrease 17%. Excluding catastrophes, it was up 7% against the prior-year quarter and up 6% for the first half and as indicated, the most significant factor that was driving that was the effect of the non-cat, winter storms in the mid-Atlantic and the Northeast that we saw particularly in the first quarter. And if you exclude even that, the property new arise counts were down 2%.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Mark Dwelle, RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Couple of questions. It seems like for several quarters now, you've been talking about the -- in CPI the non-U.S. has been growing faster than the U.S. What proportion of that overall book -- of overall CPI premium is now non-U.S. premium?
John Finnegan: About 30% or so. Probably about 26%, 27%.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And by way of reference, how would that compare to, say, 3 years ago? I mean, just in general terms obviously.
John Finnegan: Probably up 3, 4, 5 points. But again, a lot depends on the currency at any point in time too. So if we move around, you really -- to do a thorough analysis, you'd have to look at it x currency too and then adjust and see how much you want it to weigh in currency. It's up, it's significantly up for the company in total.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Is the business mix within the non-U.S. comparable to the overall book, which is to say sort of 60% homeowners, 20% each of the other 2 lines?
Richard Spiro: So in personal lines, the mix is essentially the same in Canada, the U.K., in Australia. The mix is a little bit different in Latin America, in particular in Brazil, where there we lead with our auto, it's just less demand for homeowners. But the auto business that we have in Brazil is also related to high net worth clientele. So the mix, in general, is the same essentially everywhere with the exception of Brazil where we have a much higher proportion of automobile.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then one other question. We've heard a lot of the brokers talk about the differences, different level of kind of late stickiness between kind of large and middle market and small. And I was wondering if you could comment on that with respect to what you're seeing in your book?
Richard Spiro: Yes. Mark, I don't know if I have a whole lot more to add to that conversation. I mean, I think the general consensus in the industry is that the larger the account, the more competitive it is right now. We are not a real big player when it comes to what was termed risk management business out there. If we write any of it, it's very selectively done in niches that we really understand. So but that said, we do see a premium attract a little bit more competition. We're also not a bop [ph] writer, so I can't comment too much about the small, small stuff. But what we see in the middle market is the higher up you go in premium, the more it attracts people to try to compete on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: I was wondering if you could elaborate on the inflation guard protection you were speaking about in terms of, I guess, that is part of the masterpiece policy? And how, as a component, you're getting rates through on that? I just want to understand how that plays in.
Richard Spiro: So as part of our replacement cost provision on our policy...
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: This is the masterpiece policy, we're talking about, yes?
Richard Spiro: Correct. Our homeowners, we put through an inflation guard. That number has changed over time. It used to be higher, obviously, and then last few years it's come down. And we -- and now it's roughly at about 2%, 2.5% as I indicated. And that's just the factor of we look at what material costs are, what labor costs are and based on that, we put an automatic increase on to the homeowners policy.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: And so if I'm a policy holder and I've been with you for a long time, that guarantees that the replacement costs will have at minimum -- I mean I'm just trying to -- what does that say in the policy, how that play comes in?
Paul Krump: So we have a provision on our policy that we provide replacement cost based on reconstructing the home and what we do is we insure the value, we inspect the home, we ensure the value and then every year we add on an inflation guard based on, as I say, material cost, labor cost, so that if the limits on the homeowners policy continue to move up in line with inflation based on, as I said, our first insurance, the value inspection that we do when we first insure the home.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: And the premium impact of that?
Paul Krump: And the premium impact, it's roughly about 2 points, actually in the second quarter, a little bit less impact. So a little bit under 2 points, the effect on premium.
Operator: Next we'll hear from [indiscernible] Evercore Partners.
Unknown Analyst - : Two questions, the first is on pricing. Just wanted to know, it seems it's a tale of 2 cities out there, where the cat expose property lines getting rate increases, spread is more casualty focus and the professional liability lines, softer. Can you tell us what the environment out there is, how clients are reacting to rate increases despite not seeing loss costs trend on some of the casualty lines?
Richard Spiro: Obviously, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the property is an easier sale right now on our book of business. But we are taking rate in general liability and as expressed earlier on the call, certainly we're getting more sizable rate increases in those segments that have had adverse experience. So we're out there pushing it and articulating it, and our underwriters are explaining, loss cost trend and the soft market in all of our value proposition. When you come back to workers compensation, there we are getting couple of points of rate, we're getting payroll increases. So we're getting true exposure growth there of a couple of points. And on the premium audit side, we're getting a couple of points as well. So we're taking that and moving on.
Unknown Analyst - : So do you think that rates are low enough right now that carries will have to take pricing up just a tad just in order to meet loss cost inflation? Was it the part where they are more willing to let pricing slide a little bit more?
Richard Spiro: I guess when you think about casualty lines, we at least around here, we recognize very much that loss cost trends are always out there. We just don't believe that they're negative, so they're certainly above 0. I think John tried to give you a sense of that on our overall book of commercial business, we're running at 2, loss cost trend overall might be around the 3 to 4 range, it depends on the mix. But clearly, we're out there pushing and we want to ultimately see margin expansion, not margin compression.
Unknown Analyst - : The second question is on growth outside the U.S. I believe it was in personal auto, could you add some color to that as in which countries are you going in, how you're getting the business?
Paul Krump: Yes, the personal auto, it's a combination in Brazil and also Canada and some in the U.K., but keep in mind that the base is a lot smaller also. So the percentage increase is much higher than in the U.S. As indicated, we only have about 25% of our Personal Lines business is outside the U.S.
Operator: Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital has the next question.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I have 2 hopefully quick ones. First, I was just looking, the expense ratio was about half a point for the quarter and for the first half and your premium is [indiscernible] again, so I'm wondering why there's pressure on the expense ratio?
John Finnegan: Well, yes, you're right. We're up about 4/10 of a point from the second quarter of 2010, and that reflects the impact of some higher commission rates and changes in our product mix, particularly outside United States. The 31.3% expense ratio in the second quarter and 31.5% for the first 6 months of 2011 are up only slightly over the 31.2% expense ratio. When you look at -- so when you look at it, our commissions are up some, but commissions go to mix. Personal lines have higher commissions than commercial lines, and personal lines was negative for a while and growth now positive. Overseas, you generally attract higher commission than the U.S. and our overseas business has been growing. And in some of our businesses such as we're growing accident and health is a line where commission rates are significantly higher than it might be in traditional property and casualty. So I don't really see it. It's such a very slight movement, mostly related to commissions which are related to product mix and geographic mix. But say overall, our control -- what we call controllable expenses and noncommissioned stuff it's flat and probably down on a percentage basis being that written premium is up.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: That's what I was most concerned about. And then my other one is a smaller type numbers question. If I look at the casualty segment within CCI, again for the quarter and for half, it's sub 84 combined which, as best as I can tell, is a record and by a good margin a record. And I'm kind of wondering why that's happening at this point of the cycle. Is the development much more favorable there this year than last? Or is there a mix going on? Or are you really picking the ax and you're a lot lower than in the past?
Paul Krump: This is Paul. The casualty line benefited from significant favorable development again in the second quarter. The majority of that came from the excess proportion of the book, which had continued to see lower loss activity than we expected and broadly speaking that was across almost all the accident years.
John Finnegan: Development being really the answer, not the accident year.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Is the accident year up, year-over-year, flat, improving? I'm just trying to get directionally a sense of what the accident looks on that line.
John Finnegan: It's about flat.
Operator: Next up we'll take a question from Jeffrey Cho, MFS [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Can you give me an update on your priorities for excess capital? Have you considered any M&A? If you have, can you comment on any types of businesses that you're interested in? Would you ever get back into reinsurance or any other type of insurance?
John Finnegan: Well reinsurance, we made a strategic decision to get out of it. Not because whether or not it was a good or bad business, but basically that after Katrina, you had -- it was the property market that was attractive reinsurance market not the casualty market and we just couldn't take the aggregate exposure we'd have piling on reinsurance exposure on top of our primary insurance exposure. Secondly, we're not an active player or an active looker in the M&A area. So I think you can feel comfortable that we'll be more focused on returning excess capital to the shareholders than use it in M&A transactions.
Operator: Next we have a follow-up from Michael Nannizzi, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a quick one here. On following up on RMS in your capital position. Is anything you're doing maybe, are you thinking about holding on to more capital with changes in models? Or is reinsurance kind of your the solution you're mostly looking at?
Paul Krump: I think we're looking at a number of solutions, reinsurance being one. Underwriting actions, which I mentioned in my earlier comment as well. And just be clear, I mean we use more than one cat model, so this isn't all solely driven by the RMS model. Do we need to hold more capital because of the RMS model? We are in a, what we believe to be a significant excess capital position based on our own internal model, as well as the external rating agency model. So we're fine with our capital position, it's the question of how much exposure and risk we're willing to take, given what the models are telling us? So we're being prudent and we're approaching it from that perspective. We've already taking, as I mentioned, some action, we're probably going to be taking some more on the underwriting side as we learn more and get our arms around all this. But from a capital perspective, we feel very -- we feel good about where we are from a capital perspective. We certainly don't think this is, if this is where you're heading, we certainly don't think this impacts our share buyback plans for this year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just -- I'm just trying to understand if like, if the 0.8 is kind of a new normal for you and if you feel like RMS kind of makes or any models and/or any risk perception change makes that the case.
Paul Krump: You say 0.8, are talking about a premium on the surplus ratio?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, 0.8 insured. Yes.
Paul Krump: No, I don't think that I would attribute our -- the impact of our method to a change in that view of where we think the appropriate level is.
Operator: We'll take a question from Jay Cohen, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was looking at the accident year loss ratio in the Specialty business. It's really, I guess, it's probably the best I've seen in years. And I understand that several years ago, of course, you had the credit crisis claims and those probably were overstated. But even versus just the last 5 quarters, it looks like it's at least a point better than we're seeing despite price decreases and I'm wondering, I know surety plays a role in that too, but I'm wondering what else is going on in there?
John Finnegan: You're right, surety does play somewhat of a role in there. I think this quarter on the loss ratio basis was about the same as last quarter in the accident, year, but we have some seasonality to expenses to expect a little bit higher in the first quarter. To some degree, Jay, you kind of suggested that the lack of the credit crisis was sort -- I mean almost implied that it was a minor factor. I mean credit crisis, hell, it was a lot of money for credit crisis in the accident years in 2008 and 2009. So not having that kind of event, that systematic event in our accident year picks, or a much lower provision for systematic events, has a significant impact. And plus all of the years as we've gone on, remember each accident year we re-up the assessment, but we re-up the assessment based upon what's happened in past accident years as we roll forward trends. And all of the past accident years have continued to improve so we're coming off a lower base. So overall, I think the second quarter is in line with the first quarter and the good news is that the systematic events don't seem so prevalent in the system.
Operator: Actually, gentlemen, at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dino Robusto - Executive Vice President and President of Personal Lines & Claims Richard Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Krump - Executive Vice President and President of Commercial and Specialty Lines John Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee
Analysts: Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG David Small - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded.  Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industries and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In prepared remarks and responses to the questions during today's presentation of Chubb's first quarter 2011 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the first quarter 2011, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through May 20, 2011. Those listening after April 21, 2011, should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. As with the case in last year's first quarter, the big story for the property and casualty insurance industry this past quarter was the usually high level of natural catastrophes around the globe. For Chubb, this resulted in total catastrophe losses of $270 million before tax. As a reminder, when we filed our 2010 Form 10-K in late February, we disclosed in the subsequent events section a loss estimate of $150 million to $200 million before tax for 2011 catastrophe events we could quantify as of that date. The New Zealand earthquake had just occurred, and as we indicated in the 10-K, it was too early to include an estimate for that event. After the filing, there were 5 additional catastrophes in the United States and the earthquake in Japan, which together with the New Zealand earthquake, brought our current estimate to $270 million. Dino will provide more detail in a few minutes. The impact of catastrophes translate into 9.5 points of the combined ratio and reduced our first quarter results by $0.59 per share. Nevertheless, we produced a combined ratio of 93.7% and operating income of $1.35 per share. Our x cat combined ratio for the quarter was a strong 84.2%.  Net written premiums were up 3% for the second consecutive quarter, an encouraging sign. This increase, which was unaffected by currency fluctuation, was driven by strong growth overseas and positive growth in the United States.  During the first quarter, we had net realized investment gains of $160 million before tax or $0.35 per share after tax largely from our alternative investments. This brought our first quarter net income per share to an especially strong $1.70, up 22% over last year, resulting in annualized ROE of 13.1%. GAAP book value per share at March 31, 2011 was $53.26. That's a 2% increase since year end 2010 and an 11% increase since March 31, 2010.  Our capital position is excellent. During the first quarter, we increased our common stock dividend for the 29th consecutive year. We also continue to actively buy back our stock as Ricky will discuss later. And now Paul will review the performance of Chubb's Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations.
Paul Krump: Thanks, John. The Chubb Commercial Insurance net written premiums for the first quarter were up 7% to $1.3 billion. The combined ratio was 100.7% versus 93.8% in the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's first quarter combined ratio was 84.5% in 2011 compared to 82.4% in 2010.  In the United States, while the standard commercial market remained competitive, we were encouraged that CCI renewal rates were flat, a slight improvement from the fourth quarter. Retention for the first quarter was a strong 87%, 1 point better than the fourth quarter and up 3 points from the first quarter a year ago.  Our new-to-lost business ratio was 1.3:1 in both this year's first quarter and last year's fourth quarter compared to 1.0:1 in the first quarter last year.  We saw continued signs that the overall economy is getting better in the United States. For example, our CCI renewal exposure was flat for the quarter, a solid improvement compared to negative 2% in the first quarter a year ago. And as was the case in the fourth quarter of 2010, our growth included additional premiums from mid-term endorsements for such items as equipment purchases and from workers' compensation products that reflected larger payrolls. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums for the first quarter were down 1% to $639 million. CSI's combined ratio was 82.4% versus 80.9% in the first quarter of 2010. Net written premiums for professional liability were down 3% and the combined ratio was 86.8% compared to 86.2% in the first quarter of 2010. Renewal rates for professional liability in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2011 were down 3%, and the renewal retention was 87%. Both percentages are identical to those in the fourth quarter of 2010.  The new-to-lost business ratio for professional liability was 1.1:1 in the first quarter, also the same as last quarter. For Surety, net written premiums in the first quarter were up 16% and the combined ratio was 50.5%. Surety's strong growth resulted from existing customers, winning new bond-able projects both in and outside of the United States. As you know, Surety is a very lumpy business and the environment continues to be challenging. With respect to general market conditions in the Specialty business, we are not seeing as many encouraging signs as we are in CCI. However, competition appears to be stabilizing. The market for professional liability lines remains the most competitive as a result of relatively benign industry claim trends and newer market entrants, particularly on the excess D&O layers. The price competition is greatest in directors and officers for publicly traded companies including financial institutions, which comprises some 20% of our professional liability book. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dino, who will review personal lines and claims.
Dino Robusto: Thanks, Paul. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 2% in the first quarter to $894 million. CPI produced a combined ratio of 93.8% compared to 104.4% in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes for the quarter was 7.8 points in 2011, whereas, in the first quarter of 2010, the impact of cats was 22.8 points.  The large impact cat events in 2011 for CPI were the severe winter weather in the United States and the flooding in Brisbane, Australia. The earthquakes in New Zealand and Japan had only minimal impact on CPI. When I discuss company-wide claim trends in a few minutes, I will cover the broader impact of cats on Chubb overall. On an x cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 86% in the first quarter compared to an extremely good 81.6% in the first quarter of 2010. The difference is primarily attributable to losses from winter storms in both the U.S. and Europe this year that were not classified as cats. In contrast, we suffered higher weather-related losses in the first quarter a year ago, but most were from events that were classified as cats.  In addition, the x cat comparison is affected by an unusually low level of fire losses in the first quarter of 2010, whereas, fire losses in the first quarter of this year were consistent with historical averages. The growth in CPI reflected positive movement in new business, both in premium and in-force count as well as endorsement activity. Growth was particularly strong outside the United States. Homeowner premiums were up 3% for the quarter and the combined ratio was 94.8%. Excluding catastrophes, the homeowners combined ratio was 82.5% and was impacted by the unusually high level of non-cat winter weather activity in the U.S. and Europe as I just mentioned.  Personal auto premiums increased 11% driven by growth outside the United States. In the U.S., the expansion of our multi-tiered Panorama pricing program into additional states has made us competitive for more customers while preserving our historical profit margins. Indeed, premium growth in those states where Panorama has been introduced has been nearly 4.5 percentage points better than in those states where it is not. The combined ratio for personal auto was a strong 92.8%.  In other personal, which includes our accident, yacht and personal excess liability lines, premiums were down 6% and the combined ratio was 92.2%. Growth of other personal was negatively impacted by the runoff of the employer healthcare stop loss business in our accident division, resulting from our decision to exit this business. We are pleased with the momentum in homeowners and personal auto in the U.S. as both premiums and policy in-force count improved this quarter. Homeowners' policy in-force retention improved to 91% and auto improved to 88%. Endorsement activity was positive and grew for the fourth consecutive quarter compared to the first quarter of 2010 when endorsement activity was actually negative.  We are seeing general rate taking in the industry for both auto and the homeowners as evidenced by public rate filings. The majority of the file rate changes by companies we track so auto go up by low-single digits and homeowners increased more aggressively to mid-single digits. This is understandable as the industry clearly needs these rate increases.  Fortunately, CPI has had excellent underwriting performance, and we do not have a need for significant across-the-board rate increases at this time. As a result, we have seen improvement in both new business and renewal retention, which we ascribe in part to the fact that the rate increases taken by competitors have improved our relative rate position. The improvement is also in part due to the recovering economy. Since the second quarter of 2010, we have seen clients adding jewelry, contents and autos to their policies mid-term. Turning to claims for the company overall. Let me now give you some details on the big story, as John put it, the unusually high level of natural catastrophes in the quarter. Specifically, there were 7 weather events in the northeast, Midwest and southwest regions of the United States which were reclassified as catastrophes. In the aggregate, losses from these U.S. catastrophes are expected to be roughly $100 million in the first quarter. Outside the United States, Australia was impacted by flooding in Northern Queensland, followed by flooding in Brisbane and the state of Victoria. Shortly thereafter, Cyclone Yasi affected multiple areas of Australia, including its second largest city, Melbourne. Chubb's losses for these 4 events are expected to be about $110 million. The earthquake in New Zealand caused significant damage in the central business district of Christchurch, where our losses are expected to be roughly $25 million. And finally, as far as the devastating earthquake and ensuing tsunami in Japan are concerned, although the settlement of claims from this event will be slow to conclude, we expect that Chubb's losses will be about $35 million. Before turning it over to Ricky, I wanted to say a quick word about April catastrophes. You are no doubt aware that April has seen a number of storms including tornadoes across multiple states, 3 of which have been declared cats as well as dozens of wildfires in Texas over the last 2 weeks that have reportedly destroyed more than 1 million acres. We are in the process of assessing our losses from these events. But it is too early to estimate our overall exposure. Ricky?
Richard Spiro: Thanks, Dino. As usual, I will discuss our financial results for the quarter. I will also provide an update on capital management and the April 1 renewal of our major property reinsurance program. Looking at our first quarter operating results, we had underwriting income of $202 million despite the $270 million of cat losses that were discussed earlier. Property and casualty investment income after tax was down 1% to $310 million. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $160 million or $0.35 per share after tax, with $0.30 per share coming from our alternative investments portfolio. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2010, we had net realized investment gains before tax of $127 million or $0.25 per share after-tax, of which $0.17 per share came from alternative investment.  As a reminder, we include our share of the change in the net equity of our alternative investments in net realized investment gains and losses, which is not a component of operating income, unlike some insurers who include them in investment income and therefore in operating income. If we had included the change in net equity from alternative investments in investment income instead of a net realized investment gains, for the first quarter our operating income per share would have been higher by $0.30. Unrealized depreciation before tax at March 31, 2011, was $1.6 billion compared to $1.7 billion at year end 2010. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42.5 billion as of March 31, 2011, slightly higher than the amount at year end 2010. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.8 years and the average credit rating is Aa2.  We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At March 31, 2011, our holding company portfolio included $2.3 billion of investment, including $975 million of short-term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at March 31, 2011, was $53.26 compared to $52.24 at year end 2010, an increase of 2%. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available-for-sale fixed maturities at amortized cost, was $50.41 compared to $49.05 at 2010 year end. As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the first quarter of 2011 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI, we had about $40 million. CCI had about $100 million. CSI had about $75 million, and reinsurance assumed had about $5 million, bringing our total favorable development to about $220 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the first quarter combined ratio of about 7.5 points overall. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2010, we also had about $220 million of favorable development for the company overall, including $30 million in CPI, $90 million in CCI, $90 million in CSI and $10 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the first quarter of 2010 was nearly 8 points. During the first quarter of 2011, our loss reserves increased by $433 million, including an increase of $463 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $30 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in runoff. About $200 million of the overall increase in reserves relates to catastrophes. The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $135 million. Turning to capital management. We repurchased 6.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $387 million during the quarter. The average cost of our repurchases in the quarter was $58.91 per share. At the end of the first quarter, we had 21.9 million shares remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. And as we told you on our last earnings call, we expect to complete this program by the time we announce our year end 2011 financial results in January 2012.  In February, our board raised the quarterly common stock dividend by 5% to $0.39 per share or $1.56 on an annual basis. This is our 29th consecutive annual dividend increase, a continued indication of our consistent performance and financial strength in a cyclical industry. I would now like to say a few words about our reinsurance program. On April 1, we renewed our major property treaties, including our North American cat treaty, our non-U.S. cat treaty and our commercial property per risk treaty. All of these programs provide coverage similar to 2010, although we did make minor changes in some of the layers to help us better manage our exposures and costs. For example, we modestly increased our retention in the first and second layers of our North American cat treaty while also modestly increasing coverage in some of the higher layers. The reinsurance market was orderly and there was enough capacity to meet our needs in each treaty. The overall cost of the 3 treaties was flat to last year.  In addition, we successfully completed our fourth catastrophe bond, East Lane IV, in March to replace 2 of our maturing cat bonds. Under this arrangement, we purchased $475 million of fully collateralized multiyear coverage to supplement our northeast program. Similar to our previous cat bonds, we have an indemnity base trigger, which means that our right to collect is based on our actual incurred losses as opposed to industry- or index-based losses. East Lane IV was very well received in the marketplace. We like the diversification that these cat bond arrangements bring to our overall reinsurance program. Importantly, they provides us with a cost-effective alternative to traditional reinsurance with pricing locked in for 3 or 4 years and we have fully collateralized protection.  Finally with respect to our 2011 earnings guidance, as we've done in the past, we are deferring revisiting our guidance until after the second quarter when we have more information about how the year is progressing. And now I'll turn it back to John.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. In a difficult catastrophe environment, Chubb performed extremely well in the first quarter. Here are the highlights. We had operating income per share of $1.35 despite a $0.59 per share impact of catastrophe losses. We had net realized investment gains of $0.35 per share, largely from our alternative investments, which brought our net income per share to $1.70 and annualized net income ROE to 13.1%. Book value per share increased by $1.02 since 2010 year end to $53.26.  Our x cat combined ratio was very strong at 84.2%. Premiums grew an encouraging 3% for the second consecutive quarter. We continue to manage our capital by buying back our shares and by increasing our dividend by 5%.  In summary, we had a very good first quarter despite substantial cat losses. There are varying opinions among industry observers about whether the recent cat events will trigger hardening at the market. Instead of speculating, we'll focus on executing on the things we do well, which are disciplined underwriting, taking care of customers by paying claims fairly and promptly, prudent investing, maintaining a strong balance sheet and actively managing our capital. These are the true differentiators, which we believe will enable us to continue to provide significantly above-average returns to our investors. And with that, I'll open the line to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Keith Walsh from Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: John, just first question regarding CCI. The 7% growth is just very, very strong. But if you can may be break that down a little bit between rate, and thinking about exposures, what's really driving that number? One of your competitors this morning talked about getting better rate within the small commercial market. If you could just talk to that a little bit, and I have got a follow-up.
John Finnegan: Let me turn that one over to Paul Krump.
Paul Krump: Good evening, Keith. First, the recent pickup in CCI's growth is coming from a combination of several factors as you suggest. First, renewal retention has been very strong as indicated by the 87% we saw this quarter. Second, insurable exposures are no longer declining as they had been until recently due to the weak economy. Our average renewal exposure change has improved to flat, for example, where it was negative through third Q of 2010. Endorsement and auto premiums have also improved. The new business is up modestly. Although the market environment remains quite competitive, we still do find opportunities. And finally, about 1 point of that growth this quarter is due to reinsurance premium reinstatement effect due to the events in last year's first quarter. As a point of reference, new business in CCI in the first quarter made up about 16% of the total portfolio. That's the exact percentage of what new business made up of the new business to the total in 2010.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Thank you. And then the second question I've got is regarding the RMS model changes. I guess, John or Ricky, if you could talk to first off, do you use RMS? And what is the impact you see from these model changes to your PMLs within specifically Texas, Florida and the Mid-Atlantic, please. Thanks.
Richard Spiro: Hey, Keith, it's Ricky. I think I'll take that one. The answer to your first question is we do use RMS as one of our models. I think it's still too early to draw any definitive conclusions from the data from the new model. We'll know more over the coming months as we better understand the model and validate its impact on our book of business. This work includes ensuring data accuracy, testing the assumptions of the new model and calculating return periods by line and in the aggregate. It also involves thinking about the potential impact of actions on our customers, agents and other constituencies. Having said that, let me make a few general comments. First, it's become clear that relying on a single cat model was less than ideal. So over the past few years, we have considered multiple views and this most recent model change will be considered in that context. Second, directionally, similar to the estimated impact for the industry as a whole, we would expect that our PMLs in the aggregate will increase under the new model, but it's too soon to definitively say by how much. And going forward, we'll continue to analyze results of the new model, and we will review our business, capital and reinsurance needs as appropriate.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Thank you, Ricky.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matthew Heimermann from JPMorgan
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A question on personal auto in the U.S. specifically, now this the mail campaign going on for the last several quarters, and I'd just be curious if you're seeing that translate into growth right now and how the response rates compare to what you might have expected, and then I've got a follow-up.
Dino Robusto: I'm not sure I understood the first part of the question, Matthew. [Technical Difficulty]
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: All right. Let me try again. Hopefully, this is -- I apologize, I'm on the move. You've had a mail campaign going on in the U.S. for auto insurance and -- I think trying to further your penetration of auto, and I'd just be curious whether or not that's translating in incremental growth right now and how the response rates compare with your expectations, and then I've got a follow-up. Hopefully that was clear.
Dino Robusto: Yes, it was. Thank you. Yes, we have had a mail campaign and what we are doing is targeting our homeowner insured’s for which we don't have auto and providing a mailing out there. We actually have gotten a pretty good response rate, about a 10% response rate. And we're quoting on the business. And our hit ratios are a little bit above what we had anticipated. So actually, the mail campaign is working out a little bit better than expected. And we're going to continue it through 2011.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is there any -- and I guess my follow-up would be just in the high net worth business in the Personal Insurance segment generally. Should we -- are there any -- are you contemplating any other advertising pushes either with distribution or customers whether it's related to using auto to drive potentially homeowners? Or also just expanding the other article contacts coverage within the existing base?
Dino Robusto: No. There's nothing really that we're planning on changing in our advertising strategy. We've got some good momentum with the economy that's picked up. And as we indicated a little earlier, we're growing the portfolio. And we're going to just keep on doing what we're doing with our valued partners in the distribution network.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Thanks much.
Dino Robusto: Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. John, we haven't discussed merger and acquisition, I would say, on the call for a while. And I just wanted to get your updated thoughts there. Is there anything you'd be interested in buying?
John Finnegan: You never can say there's nothing ever, but I would say that we're not an active looker in the mergers and acquisitions area. We haven't been and we're not now.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on personal lines, we seem to be getting indications that competition's picking up there. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Dino Robusto: Clearly, this business...
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And I should say in high-end personal lines, in Chubb's focus area.
Dino Robusto: Yes, there's clearly -- this market has attracted some new competitors. But we feel very comfortable with our position. We believe we've got a world-class brand and a franchise that are unique within our industry. And the important thing is it wasn't created overnight. Our position in the high net worth market is the product of almost 30 years of experience of offering broad coverages and settling claims. We've appraised about 700,000 high-end homes. We've paid over 1 million claims. And we've developed some real expertise in satisfying the unique needs of our high-value customers so. It's been very profitable, so we understand why competitors are chasing the high net worth market. But there are barriers to success that we believe are difficult to surmount. And we continue to raise those barriers with new products and services. And I think this innovation is going to continue to keep us as number 1.
John Finnegan: Jay, just a little perspective. I hear that question often and certainly there's a kernel of truth to it, but I think it focuses on the new entrants and forgets about what's happened to some of the previous competitors. When I came here, I have a good snapshot, I came here 8 years ago, and at the time we had 2 big competitors in the high net worth area, one of whom was growing and becoming more aggressive. And today, the one that became more aggressive is far less aggressive and the second is imploding. So they've been replaced by 1 or 2 other competitors who are definitely being more aggressive coming in the business. But it's hard to say whether it's more competitive now than it was then.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: I see. Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Vinay Misquith from Credit Suisse
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Could you talk about the competitive dynamic in the industry this quarter versus last quarter both on the CCI and CSI please?
John Finnegan: Yes. Paul will handle that.
Paul Krump: Sure. I would tell you that all up in CCI -- let me take them one at a time here. First of all, we were real pleased that retention was up. We were pleased that rates aren't falling down. We were able to write a modicum more of new business. Auto premiums, endorsements were also real positive, so I would tell you that we fought the competition. It was encouraging. John's point about personal lines just a few minutes ago is applicable here. There's always competition, whether the market is so-called hard or so-called soft. But I would tell you that we're pleased with where we sit right now in CCI. As respect CSI, I commented that the most competitive place is publicly traded D&O. That really is probably across the board for Chubb, the most competitive area we have. Again, there's a difference there though between what we see in not-for-profit employment practices liability, crime, financial fidelity, et cetera. And we continue to grow that book of business. In fact, right now, the for-profit non-public business is larger than the public business for us. So it's competitive out there in the public space, but that, again, is not unexpected.
John Finnegan: I think commercial feels a little better than it has been over the past few quarters. The numbers would support that to a certain degree, but they're not overwhelming, but the feel is a little bit better. Specialty, I think the feel is that it didn't worsen, but we haven't seen any significant turnaround.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Fair enough. Just curious as to why you think this is happening? Because there is a view out there that there is a significant amount of excess capital in the industry and loss cost trends have been fairly benign. So curious as to why you think that competition is stabilizing right now.
John Finnegan: I don't know that we've seen a major breakthrough here. We're still talking sort of directionally and feel. I will say that given what's happened in the industry, it may be true that loss trends are benign, but if you take the commercial industry, I think we get flat rate and most others don't get that, they get negative rate and loss trends aren't that benign. Ultimately, you do have margin compression. I think all the projections for the industry this year are that combined ratios will be higher than they were last year. And in the first quarter, we began to see cat activity that was pretty significant. So you're right, there are factors that impact the market in both directions. But it's been a pretty darn tough market for a while. There may be a few things that are sort of moving it the other way. Again, it's a feel rather than a hard data supported opinion at the time, not right now, but it's a feel.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Sure, fair enough. And just as a follow-up on the reinsurance cost, could you help me understand whether the new RMS model is factored into the April 1 renewals?
Richard Spiro: We did not use the new model for our North American treaty. We have to build 40-plus regional portfolios in order to get ready for our April 1 renewal. And since we only received the model in late February, that was an impossibility. So therefore, all of our modeling and the subsequent marketing to the reinsurers is with the old RMS version 9 model. Whether or not any of the reinsurers tried to run our portfolio through their new model, we don't know. But if they did, it wasn't apparent to us in the renewal negotiation.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Sure, fair enough. And you mentioned that the cost was the same. Now was the pricing also the same versus last year?
Richard Spiro: Yes. I mean, overall, yes, it was flat.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll hear next from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, and good evening. I just wanted turn to the capital management side. And you guys bought back 6.6 million shares in the quarter. And it's definitely a nice amount of the shares outstanding, but it's actually the lowest amount you've bought back in almost 2 years on a quarterly basis. Should we be reading anything into that amount? And is there any reason why it has decelerated recently?
Richard Spiro: No. I don't think you should be reading anything into it. I think we've laid out clearly on this call, in my prepared remarks and in the prior call what our plan is in terms of our existing authorization. And we intend to, barring any unforeseen circumstances, complete the program by January 2012.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And there wasn't any kind of -- because of the losses or any of the stuff during the quarter, that you weren't blacked out or there weren't -- there weren't fewer days, I guess, where you could go into market or anything and this was just...
Richard Spiro: There was no conscious effort one way or the other.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, perfect. Thanks. The other question is just on the Japan, Australia, New Zealand business. Where is that coming through in the reported financials? And then, could you also just give us a sense as to how big that business is or has been historically in terms of premiums and profits and where that might go in terms of your appetite for business going forward?
Paul Krump: Sure. This is Paul. You're seeing the losses coming through in Australia in both the personal lines and in the commercial lines. You'd see them in the commercial lines both in CMP and in the property marine space. I think, Dino mentioned that New Zealand and Japan were virtually all commercial losses. So you'll see those in the property space and in the packaged space.
Richard Spiro: And, Gregory, in terms of our financials, in our supplementary investor information that we posted on the website, on Page 10 of that document, you can see that the breakout between our U.S. business and our outside the U.S. business.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So Page 10, yes and then -- so how much of this is Japan, New Zealand and Australia versus, I guess, the rest of the world?
John Finnegan: In losses, you're talking?
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I'm looking at the o U.S. part in the supplement and it looks like...
Paul Krump: If you're talking about premiums, I can give you some perspective. And then Dino could reiterate the numbers on the losses. About 74% of our premiums come from the United States, 26% come, obviously, from outside the United States. The split is basically, 10 points of those 26 points come out of Europe. The remaining 16 points from overseas is pretty evenly split between Asia, Latin America and Canada. If you look at it on -- by SBU basis, all three of the SBUs really hover right around 25, 26 points or so of premium coming from outside the United States. When you look at countries like Japan and New Zealand, basically any losses emanating there from large multinational customers because we really don't write indigenous risk there given the quake potential, so we save that for those larger multinational accounts where we get an inherent spread of risk.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Excellent, thank you. Thank you very much. And then just could you comment on maybe the appetite or what you're seeing on the ground in those regions for future business from a rate and demand perspective?
Richard Spiro: Let me maybe just back up a second. Because this is where we're get into speculation a little bit, and I rather just stick with the facts. I mean, what we're seeing in a place like Chile, where we had an earthquake last year, is that we're seeing large property rate increases. We're seeing deductibles double and triple. And we're seeing clients work with us on our mandatory loss control recommendations. Right now, frankly, it's just too early in Australia to tell you what is exactly going to happen. That said, we are quoting rate increases and we’re encouraged from the very early signs. As I mentioned before about New Zealand and Japan, we're really not in those marketplaces other than for risk domicile outside of them that had some incidental exposure in those countries. So we're not a good -- a bellwether for that. With respect to the very large markets of Europe and the United States, we have yet to see any kind of firming in those markets because of these large catastrophes outside the United States. That doesn't surprise us because it basically takes some time for those types of things to wash through.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks a lot. Just a couple of questions. You mentioned you saw some growth in surety, about 15% year-over-year, up from about 1% in the fourth quarter. Another company today had said that, that market was particularly challenging. Can you kind of just talk about -- I think you mentioned that you saw your existing customers see more opportunity. But can you go into little bit more detail on what you're seeing in that surety marketplace, please?
Richard Spiro: Yes, we were real pleased. This is a small line and it is very lumpy. We had about a dozen clients, existing clients win bondable new projects. So it's very hard to predict when they're going to actually get these jobs and if they get these jobs, so I won't read too much into just 3 months. We're pleased to take them when we can. We think we've got a really good surety book of business. We have seen some new competitors enter the surety space. Our forte really is pristine, midsize and larger contractors. We really have just a couple of competitors there. Oftentimes, these large contractors need lots of capacity and actually look to co-surety. So we're very comfortable with our book of business in that space. So, again, this is one where our profile is a little bit different than the market.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you very much. And then just one question just on expense trend. I noticed that in personal lines the expenses are a little higher, looks like other personal and then commercial lines expenses were about flat, but premiums were higher. So how should we interpret that? Are you building scale in new areas in personal lines or new products, maybe, that you're covering in that other personal category? Or how should we think about the change...
John Finnegan: Let me answer it a little generally first and then Dino, you could -- I mean, expense ratios are affected obviously by a number of factors. One is the numerator, total expenses, one is the denominator, premiums written that applies to individual line. In addition, though, what is the driving force behind it, one, how much you're spending, but that's also a function of your business mix. Certain businesses, personal lines, for example, have a little bit higher commission rate than others. Other businesses, workers comp, have a lower commission rate. So you'll see different expense ratios depending on business mix. Also because of variety of reasons, it depends on geography. Overseas, you generally pay more in commissions than you do in the U.S. We've had a growing overseas business, so some of the increases you see in our overall expense ratio reflects that fact with better overseas. Fortunately, the loss rations are little bit better, so it's a good offset. As you talk about personal lines, personal lines has been an area where we've had an especially large improvement in our business overseas. Personal lines growth has been largely accounted for by our overseas business. So again, because of the higher commissions there, you're seeing a higher expense ratio in personal lines, but you're still seeing a very good combined ratio.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Is part of that -- Sorry, go ahead.
Richard Spiro: So I was going to say specifically on your other insurance that you referenced, you had the 2 dynamics that John just referenced. The other insurance is down 6%, so you've got the revenue down, which will affect the expense ratio. And in that line of business, we have our accident and health, which we are clearly interested in growing and investing in. So you've got both the dynamics on the, specifically, the other insurance that you asked about.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. So I mean, I'm just wondering, is some of that due to scale building like in areas where you're looking to establish larger presence? I would imagine if you're going into countries or different regions that there's an aspect of building an expense base before you build a revenue base.
John Finnegan: I would think that where you see that, it would be more accident and health. But the scale building is people and some systems, but not a lot. I think it's -- largely in the other lines, it's related to commission surcharge.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And just one more if I could, and just kind of a broader question, I guess, for Dino and Paul. Now you've been in your seats for a full quarter, what are your key priorities in your new respective roles? And what changes are you making? Do you want to make to kind of have an impact as you kind of put your first full year behind you?
Dino Robusto: Based on this -- Hi, it's Dino. I mean, based on the success that personal lines has had over the decades and everyone that's led it before, I think that the best thing to do is to continue to move it forward the way we have been. And really, that is the mission and the priority in personal lines. Keep doing what we're doing in the United States and outside the United States. And hopefully, that will be enough for me to make an impact.
Paul Krump: Yes. This is Paul. Similar to what Dino just said. Both Dino and I have been here for almost 30 years, and we've been part of management building the businesses for a very long time, so we like the businesses we're in. We're always looking for new opportunities. I'd suggest our move into Lloyd's last year was one example. So where I was looking around at adjacencies and ways to improve the business, but ultimately, we love our brand, we love what we do in the claims side and we're going to continue to do that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Richard Spiro: Hello? Jay?
Operator: And looks like we've lost Jay here. [Operator Instructions] Until then, we'll move on to Bob Glasspiegel from Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good afternoon barely. Wondered if you could help me out with your auto strategy internationally? Your strength of the company in personal lines has been homeowners. You've got a lot more premiums and a long-term record of success in the U.S. It seems like on the margin, you said the growth in personal line is coming internationally. What countries are you growing? What's your strategy in that segment? Why auto instead of homeowners internationally?
Dino Robusto: So let me just talk about personal lines in general outside the U.S. relative to where we have our premium, and I'll comment specifically on auto. Canada's our second largest jurisdiction relative to personal lines premium. And there, we target the same customer profile as we have in the United States. Their mix by product is consistent. Canada now is not as litigious as the U.S., so we write slightly less personal excess coverage, offset by slightly more automobile. Latin America is our next largest geography outside the United States, with the bulk of the business coming from Brazil. Now Brazil is the only jurisdiction where our product mix differs because of large proportion of our business that you see comes from auto. This is driven by a much lower demand for homeowners and valuable articles coverage. However, and this is the important point, our target market profile for auto is similar to the U.S. as we compete only at the high end of the market and we do so profitably. Then we move on to next largest geography, is Europe, where the bulk of the business comes from the U.K. and Ireland and the target profile is similar to the U.S. and Canada. And finally in our Asia-Pacific region, it's our smallest geography. The bulk of the premium there is in Australia. We have minimal exposure in Singapore and Japan.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: How do you build distribution in new markets?
Dino Robusto: In personal lines?
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Right.
Dino Robusto: In places like Canada, obviously, the United Kingdom, Australia, is the standard. It's the same type of distribution network as it is in here. And we have appointed brokers and independent agents that does exist also in Latin America. But we will also look at alternative distribution vehicles and emerging markets and partnering with banks and other financial institutions.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But you don't have the brand you have in United States as far as customer and agents when you're entering these new markets. So do you just pay more commissions? Or how do you build the relationships?
John Finnegan: First of all, really, we're not talking new markets. I mean, the countries that we're strongest in, with the exception of Brazil, are the traditional commonwealth brokerage countries where we've been forever. I mean, so our reputation and brand is similar. It's only, for the most part, it's really Brazil where we've been very successful so far. But that said, that's a one-off. The rest of it is pretty much like the U.S. And we've been there for several decades in Brazil.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: It just seems like you're growing faster outside the U.S. than you are in the U.S.
John Finnegan: We have a smaller base, of course, a lower base to begin with.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you hear me now?
John Finnegan: Yes.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two questions on accident year loss ratios. I guess, first in CCI, it looks like it's quite a bit higher than it had been running. I'm assuming that's -- and I'm excluding catastrophes. I'm assuming there's the sort of non-cat weather issues that's affecting that. Is that fair in CCI?
John Finnegan: Let me -- it's really not that significant a change. But let me say, as I think, if you do the numbers, CCI looks like it's a little bit above 92 on an x cat accident year basis. So that's about 2 points or so above last year's first quarter. Some of that is a little bit of non-cat related weather, although, that's mostly applicable to personal lines. Some of it is just the general deterioration year-over-year. However, there's a certain lumpiness even here. If you, for example, compare the 92.3% this quarter, 2011, to the calendar year 2009 and 2010, this quarter is actually better on an x cat accident year basis than 2009 and 2010. So first quarter last year was a very good quarter compared to the rest of 2010. So we're up a little from that, but we're really down, we're down a full point from the calendar year 2010.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it, that's fair. And then in CSI, it looks like it's actually quite good. I'm looking at the loss ratio, accident year loss ratio x cat. Looks like it's the best in about 5 quarters despite the fact that pricing has been coming down. It looked a little bit better than I would have guessed.
John Finnegan: Well, I think we talked a little about the fourth quarter last year, in the accident year last year. What we're talking about is if you go back to 2008, obviously, the accident year picks were pretty high for that year because we were in the middle of the credit crisis. 2009, we've had some residual effects from the credit crisis we were trying to accommodate. As we got into 2010, we brought down our combined ratios, our initial accident year picks on a basis that we didn't expect to have it anywhere near as many cats, what we recall cat claims in a specialty sense which were credit crisis made-of type claims. And looks like we were, at least at this point, looks like we are right. 2011, we've seen almost a total end to those type of claims. So we're feeling a little bit more confident about the environment. Now in specialty, while it's still subject to the same rules of rate movements versus loss trends, any individual period is much more affected by the absence or the presence of systematic events. And you look back over that 2008, 2009 period, you have much bigger systematic events.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I guess first on the reserve releases in CCI. They're at the highest they've been in I could tell for all the quarters for providing it a time when most people would be expecting releases to be starting to dry up a little bit. Can you give a little bit more color on what's going on there? Maybe which of the lines it was coming from or what accident years or was there anything onetime in that?
Richard Spiro: Sure. But I think in general, in terms of what years the favorable developments coming overall, it was largely from 2007 and prior. We still were favorable, I think, in the 2008 to 2010 years as well, but less so than in those earlier years. In terms of CCI specifically, the majority of the favorable development was in casualty and it was driven by our commercial excess business.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, great.
Richard Spiro: The other classes within CCI were modestly favorable as well, with some offset on a couple of other lines.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Right. And then also in CCI, when I look at the premium growth picking up, do you have any rough sense of what that was U.S. versus international?
Richard Spiro: It was the same.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: So actually growth was picking up in the U.S. there and then I'd assume then it was down in the U.S. in the other segments because you only put about 1% overall total U.S.?
John Finnegan: Personal lines down a little in the U.S. and specialty of course was down overall, so it was down in the U.S.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then just last quick one. You mentioned earlier in the call about this Panorama product in the U.S. auto. What exactly is that?
Dino Robusto: It's just some more sophisticated segmentation modeling, more sophisticated data analytics that allows us to segment our customers and align price and exposure in a much more sophisticated manner.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And is this -- sort of what's, I guess, the strategical -- I mean, I understand it on one hand, but on the other hand, I always maybe wrongly had the impression that Chubb started auto as an accommodation, it wasn't really an area of focus. Is that changing now?
Dino Robusto: Well, I think it's an area of focus to us relative to the homeowner customers that we have. And we want to try to solve their needs. They like our claims handling. And so we are interested in writing profitable auto. And this Panorama helps us do that effectively.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: So it doesn't sound like then you're going to agents in trying to get agents to just bring in new auto customers and hope they'll bring the home too.
John Finnegan: No. We're not competing against the mass market, guys. No.
Dino Robusto: It's the mailing. I was suggesting where we -- the mailing out to homeowners and looking for their auto.
John Finnegan: We feel we've left some good auto business on the table before and with existing customers on the homeowner’s side, and we're going after it a little bit more aggressively. And to do so, it sure helps to have a better pricing model. That pricing model Panorama is a little bit of a catch-up to where a lot of the other industry competitors who have much bigger auto books what they have currently.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: That makes sense, thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Small with JPMorgan.
David Small - Bear Stearns: Just a quick question. There's been a lot of discussion today around improved pricing. Could you just help us understand how much better would the pricing environment need to get before you decided to grow your business faster rather than buying back stock? And essentially, how much better does the pricing need to get before it's a better financial decision to grow your business versus shrink the balance sheet? Thanks.
John Finnegan: I don't know that we've -- I know we've done that analysis because I'm not sure if that's imminent. We have a significant capital position, so it would obviously depend on a few things. One, you'd have to get rate that's so attractive that the returns are better than the buybacks, of course. Second, you'd have to determine whether or not you could do both. I mean, the question would be then, what would be the impact on your capital position of having increased premiums? That would be a function of not only rate, but presumably, if you're getting better rate, it might be a better economic environment, you might be getting better exposure, better premium base. So it's an evaluation we're always ready to do. But then there's certainly no commercial rate price trigger for a decision on the stock buyback program.
David Small - Bear Stearns: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have one other question in the queue at this point. It will come from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks for taking the question. I'm just curious if you could talk a little bit about your claims handling experiences this winter, whether it was the frequency of incident with higher or lower than the past and how your teams respond to that.
Dino Robusto: Yes. Thanks, Josh. I mean, clearly, there was a lot of activity, a lot of claims activity in the first quarter from a count standpoint, both from catastrophes and weather-related non-cat events. Fortunately, with the large claim property staff that we have on the ground and the fact that we equip them with enormous amount of mobile equipment, we can bring them in and we move the lot into the northeast, and our response rate has been excellent. We do send out customer surveys on all of our homeowner and automobile claims and early survey results on the actual catastrophe, particularly from January, we've got them back now, are well over 96% highly satisfied. So clearly, we've been able to keep up with the pace. But hopefully over time, it will slow down.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: So it has feel like it has accelerated significantly for you?
Dino Robusto: Well, clearly, the first quarter was, as we've indicated, a heavy cat quarter. Now recognize that last year, you had the northeaster, which was much more significant because that generated thousands and thousands of claims in one event. So.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks for the color.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this point. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
John Finnegan: Okay. Thank you. Thanks to all of you for joining us tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: Once again, this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee Paul Krump - President, Commercial and Specialty businesses Dino Robusto - President, Personal Lines and Claims Richard Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse. J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - Bank of America Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of the Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's fourth quarter 2010 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the fourth quarter 2010, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through February 25, 2011. Those listening after January 27, 2011, should note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Finnegan. Please go ahead.
John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We finished the year with another excellent quarter, making 2010 the third best in Chubb’s history for operating income per share, and the second best year ever for net income per share. These were outstanding results, especially considering the continued weakness in the global economy, a soft property and casualty market environment, and heavy catastrophe losses for the year. 2010 was the fifth consecutive year in which we produced a combined ratio below 90%. Over the same five year period, we also generated a very attractive average annual ROA of 16%. For Q4, operating income per share was $1.69 and annualized operating ROA was 14.5%. Q4 net income per share was $2.02, an annualized ROA was 15.7%. For the full year, operating income per share was $5.90 and operating ROA was 13.1%. Net income per share for 2010 was $6.76, and ROA was 13.9%. Net written premiums for Q4 were up 3%, driven largely by higher exposures that have resulted from an improvement in economic activity over the last year’s depressed levels. GAAP book value per share at 2010 year end was $52.24, up 11% since year end 2009. Our capital position remains excellent, and Ricky will talk about the progress we made in our share buyback program. As you saw in our press release, we provided income per operating share guidance for 2011 of $5.35 to $5.75. I’ll have more to say on guidance in my closing remarks. As you know, our Chief Operating Officer, John Degnan retired on December 31st. Upon his retirement, we promoted three executive vice-presidents of the corporation, each of whom is a seasoned veteran who has risen through the ranks, and each of whom has been with Chubb for at least 25 years.  Paul Krump became President of our Commercial and Specialty businesses, Dino Robusto became President of our Personal Lines and Claims, and Harold Morrison, our Chief Global Field Officer, took on the additional role of Chief Administrative Officer. Now Paul will discuss the performance of Chubb’s Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations and provide some market color. 
Paul Krump: Thank you John, and good evening everyone. The Chubb Commercial Insurance net written premiums for Q4 were up 4% to $1.1 billion. We were helped by improving economic conditions in the United States, which I will discuss in a minute. The combined ratio was 93.5% versus 89.9% in Q4 2009. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI’s Q4 combined ratio was 91%, compared to 89.8% in Q4 2009. In the United States, CCI’s renewal rates were down 1%, the same as the decline experienced in Q3.  Retention for Q4 was a strong 86%, comparable to the 87% retention rate in Q3. High retention was a key contributor to our new to loss business ratio of 1.3:1 for the quarter. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums for Q4 were down 3% to $746 million. CSI’s combined ratio was 82.4% versus 84.1% in Q4 of 2009. Net written premiums for professional liability were down 4%, and the combined ratio was 88.7%, compared to 89.5% in Q4 2009. Renewal rates for professional liability in the US in Q4 2010 were down 3%, and renewal retention was 87%. The new to loss business ratio for professional liability was 1.1:1 in Q4. For surety, net written premiums in Q4 were flat, and the combined ratio was 37.8%. Turning now to conditions in the standard commercial market; we saw encouraging signs that the overall economy is easing off the bottom and demand for insurance is picking up.  For example, in the United States our renewal exposure change was slightly positive for the quarter; this is the first quarter since mid-2008 that our renewal exposures were higher. Our midterm policy endorsements were also up, driven by customers adding to their plant and equipment schedules, and this too helped growth. By comparison, Q4 2009 was among the lightest in years for mid-term endorsement activity. Finally, audits of adjustable premiums for our worker’s compensation policies resulted in our receiving additional premiums in Q4 2010, instead of having to refund premiums, as had been the case in Q4 2009.  As background, premiums for worker’s compensation depend on the size of the insured’s payroll. Premiums are initially set based upon assumed payroll levels, which subsequently are audited against the actual levels. These audits can result in retroactive adjustment of premiums. Because of the dramatic downturn in the economy, which began in 2008, we saw negative net audit premiums in Q4 2009. Q4 2010 was the first quarter in over a year in which we had positive net audit premiums.  Despite these signs of improvement in economic activity, the market remained competitive in Q4 as evidenced by CCI’s 1% renewal rate decrease that I mentioned earlier. However, we were encouraged that we did not observe the typical year end pricing frenzy in the market from competitors, making last minute attempts to achieve their annual premium targets. With respect to general market conditions in the specialty business, the environment was similar to what we experienced in Q3. The exception was in the D&O market for publically traded companies, where competition heated up in Q4. It should be noted that our professional liability portfolio is extremely well diversified with public D&O accounting for about 20% of our professional liability premiums. In response to this increased pressure in public D&O, we have become even more rigorous in our underwriting standards. As a result, we got off some accounts altogether, and for some others, reduced our limits or repositioned our participation on a program from primary to an excel layer, if we deemed the relative pricing of that layer’s risk to be better. Notwithstanding the competitive pressure, professional liability in general and public D&O in particular continue to be important and solidly profitable businesses for Chubb. With regard to the improvement in the economy, we did see signs of stabilization in our professional liability exposures, but they were subsumed by the negative 3% renewal rate change in the quarter. And now I’ll turn it over to Dino, who will review personal lines and claims. 
Dino Robusto: Thanks Paul, and good evening everyone. Chubb personal insurance net written premiums increased 6% in Q4 to $963 million. CPI produced a combined ratio of 83.7% compared to 80.7% in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes for the quarter was one point in 2010, whereas in Q4 of 2009 the impact of cats was negligible. For the full year, the impact of cat losses on CPI was 10.2 percentage points, compared to 0.9 points in 2009. The large impact events in 2010 for CPI were the northeast rainstorms in Q1 and the Oklahoma hail storm in Q2.  Homeowner premiums were up 3% for the quarter, and the combined ratio was 78.8%. In the US, where premiums had been under pressure due to the economic downturn, we began to see improved new business and endorsement activity giving homeowner’s its best premium growth rate in eight quarters. Personal auto premiums increased 10% and the combined ratio was 90%. In other personal lines, premiums were up 12% and the combined ratio was 92.7%. Top lines improvements in both personal auto and other personal were driven largely by growth outside the United States. Overall, CPI’s premium growth reflected both a healthier economy and our multi-pronged initiative to grow and retain business. Among them are our drive to achieve greater penetration in the US for both homeowner’s and personal auto in the West and Southwest, where our market share is not as substantial as in other regions. These efforts have met with considerable success in no small measure because of our wall fire defense services and our broad coverage offerings. We also rolled out to additional states our more granular pricing tiers for our auto product, making our rates more competitive and stimulating increased producer interest in marketing our auto product to high network customers.  Let me say a few words about our CPI strategy and why we have been able to consistently outperform the market. First, we focus on the high net worth market and we have no interest in becoming a mass market commodity carrier. Second, a commitment to serious underwriting is firmly embedded in our DNA. By serious underwriting, we mean pricing to the risk, not the market. For example, we appraise virtually every home we insure, to make certain there is adequate coverage to enable us to rebuild the home with like materials and workmanship in the event of a loss.  Third, we have superior loss control services, such as our wall fire defense program which has saved many homes from destruction, and saved us many millions of dollars in claims. Fourth, and very important, is our claims service. When our customers have a claim, we take care of them, resulting in brand differentiation and high retention. Indeed, customers who have experienced our claim service and that of our competitors usually become our customers for life. They are willing to pay a premium for the peace of mind of knowing that if they have a covered loss, they will be treated often beyond their expectations as they tell us in our customer satisfaction surveys. Let me now turn to some claim trends for Q4 for Chubb as a whole. Claim frequency and severity results varied by line of business but continued to be relatively benign. Our overall new arising claim counts, excluding catastrophes, were steady in Q4 2010 compared to Q4 2009, and were down 5% for the full year, led by our decrease in property excap frequencies. As far as catastrophe losses are concerned, we had very modest cat losses in Q4, despite the winter storms in the US and the first round of floods in Australia. As we mentioned in our press release, there has been additional flooding in Australia since the new year began, so we wanted to provide you with some detail on our exposure that impacts 2011. The vast majority of our January losses stems from the flooding in and around Brisbane. Our access to the area is affected for the purpose of assessing our customer’s losses, was delayed due to evacuations, power outages, and the time it took for the flood waters to recede, so it’s still very early to pin down a precise estimate.  Our inspections are underway as we speak; however, given the potential size of this event, we wanted to provide you an order of magnitude for our losses. Our preliminary estimate at this time is the range of $75 to $100 million before tax, based on total projected industry insured losses from the Australian floods of between $5 and $10 billion. Our estimated losses would be consistent with our share of commercial and personal markets in Australia. As John will discuss, we have taken these losses into account in our catastrophe assumption for our 2011 guidance.  Also on the subject of January weather, we have experienced some difficult weather in the US, which has generated the type of claims typically associated with snowstorms and cold winter weather, such as water infiltration, damages from the weight of ice and snow, and in some cases, pipe freezing. None of these events have been large enough to be categorized as a catastrophe, now did any one have a material impact on Chubb. Nonetheless, in the aggregate they will probably result in significant weather related non-cat losses for the month.  Turning back to claim trends in 2010, for professional liability, claim developments are for the most part, encouraging. D&O security class actions against unique insureds, which traditionally has been our most costly claims, were down again in 2010. Finally, the number of new claims related to the credit crisis was insignificant in Q4. Losses from credit crisis claims are developing consistently with what we had set previously. And now I’ll turn it over to Ricky, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Richard Spiro: Thanks, Dino. As you’ve already heard we are very pleased with our financial results in both Q4 and for the full year. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income was $356 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after tax was up 1% over last year’s Q4, as a decline in yields was offset by an increase in average invested assets and an increase in dividend income. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $155 million were $0.33 per share after tax with $0.23 per share coming from our investments portfolio. For comparison, in the Q4 of 2009 we had net realized investment gains before tax of $193 million where $0.37 per share after tax of which $0.32 came from alternative investments. As we’ve pointed out in prior earnings calls, we include our share of the change of the net equity of our alternative investments in net realized investment gains and losses which is not a component of operating income. In contrast, many of our competitors include the change in that equity from their alternative investments in investment income and therefore, in their operating income. This distinction is important when comparing operating results among different TNC companies. For example, if we had included the change in that equity from alternative investments in investment income instead of in that realized investment gain, for Q4 our operating income per share would have been higher by $0.23 and our annualized operating income ROE would have increased by approximately two points from 14 ½ to 16 ½.  Unrealized appreciation before tax at December 31, 2010, declined to $1.7 billion from $2.6 billion at the end of the Q3. This decrease was largely attributable to the impact on our fixed maturity securities of the increase of underlying treasury rates during Q4. The $1.7 billion of unrealized appreciation before tax at year end 2010 was slightly higher than at year end 2009 when it was $1.6 billion. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42 billion dollars as of December 31, 2010, down $1 billion from the end of Q3 due almost entirely to the decline in unrealized appreciation of our fixed maturities. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturities portfolio was 3.9 years and the average credit rating was AA2. In light of the recent headlines regarding municipal bonds, I want to take this opportunity to make a few comments about the current market environment as well as our own tax-exempt portfolio. We recognize that the recent well-publicized fiscal challenges affecting some municipal borrowers have led to heightened concerns about municipal bond default risk and wider credit spreads. We are very focused on these issues and we are watching these market developments closely. However, as an experienced municipal bond market participant, we believe, as many others have commented, that these concerns are largely over-blown and we do not expect wide-spread municipal defaults. More importantly, we believe that our own portfolio, which has been structured through careful risk selection and stringent credit standards, is of extremely high quality. As I have said previously, our tax-exempt portfolio is well-diversified by geography, sector, and source of security and has an average credit rating of AA2.  In addition, we are heavily weighted in high quality revenue bonds such as water, sewer, and electric utility bonds which are supported by stable income streams and which are generally not affected by the fiscal issues of state municipalities. At year end, approximately 62% of our portfolio of tax-exempt securities was invested in these high quality revenue bonds. Another 13% of the portfolio was invested in pre-refunded bonds which are backed by US Government securities. The remaining 25% of the portfolio was invested in state and local government general obligation bonds where we favor larger, more liquid issuers who have greater financial flexibility. To summarize, despite the presence of headlined risk and potential market volatility, we remain comfortable with the credit quality of our tax-exempt portfolio.  Turning to our Liquidiate, the holding company, we continue to have excellent liquidity. As of December 31, 2010, our holding company portfolio included $2.2 billion of investments, including $800 million of short-term investments. Book value per share under gap at December 31, 2010, was $52.24 compared to $47.09 at year end 2009; an increase of 11%. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at advertised cost, was $49.05 compared to $44.37 at 2009 year end, also an increase of 11%.  As for reserves, we estimate that we have favorable development in Q4 of 2010 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: in CPI we had about $25 million. CCI had about $50 million. CSI had about $60 million and reinsurance assumed had about $10 million, bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $145 million for the quarter, This represents a favorable impact on Q4 combined ratio of about five points overall. For comparison, in Q4 of 2009, we had about $215 million in favorable development for the company overall including about $35 million in CPI, $40 million in CCI, $125 million in CSI and $15 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the Q4 of 2009 was about 7 ½ points. Favorable development for the full year 2010 totaled about $745 million compared with $760 million in 2009. In both years, the favorable impact on the combined ratio was about 6 ½ points. During the Q4 of 2010 our loss reserves increased by $42 million, including an increase of $82 million for the insurance business and a decrease of $40 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in run-off. The impact of currency fluctuation and loss reserves in the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $110 million. The impact of catastrophes reduced reserves by $47 million reflecting payments in prior events and lowered levels of cash in the Q4.  Finally, I want to give you an update in capital management. During the quarter we re-purchased 8.1 million shares at an aggregate cost of $473 million. For all of 2010 we repurchased 37.7 million shares at an aggregate cost of $2 billion and our average cost per share was $53.31. During 2010, we completed both the 25 million share repurchase program we announced in December 2009 and the additional 14 million share repurchase program we announced in June 2010. Given our strong capital position and the attractive economics currently available from share buy backs, we announced the new 30 million share repurchase program last month. We began to buy back shares under the new authorization in December, and at December, 31, 2010, we had 28 ½ million shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization.  For your information, going forward, we intend to move our annual board review of our share repurchase plan from December to January. We will therefore announce our plans regarding 2012 repurchases in January 2012 concurrent with the release of our 2011 year end financial results and our initial 2012 calendar year earnings guidance. This revised timing will enable us to have more complete financial information available at the time of our buy back decision. It will also allow investors to make a more informed assessment of our capital management plan at the time we announce it.  For purposes of our 2011 operating income per share guidance, we have assumed that we will complete our recently authorized 30 million share repurchase program by the end of January 2012. We have made the additional simplifying assumption that the 28 ½ million shares remaining under our current share authorization will be purchased on a pro-rata monthly basis over this 13 month period so that approximately 26 million shares are assumed to be repurchased in 2011. Of course, the actual execution of and pay for the buyback will depend on overall market conditions, portfolio investment opportunities, opportunities for profitable growth in the property and casualty insurance market, and other factors. And now, I’ll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Chubb performed extremely well in both the Q4 and the full year. Here are the highlights: for the Q4 we had an operating income per share of $1.69 in annualized operating ROE of 14.5%. For the full year we had an operating income per share of $5.90. These results were achieved through disciplined under-writing and a focus on bottom line profitability. For Q4 we had a net income per share of $2.02 and annualized ROE of 15.7%. For the full year we had a net income of $2.2 billion. On a per share basis that income was $6.76, an increase of 9%, making it the second highest net income per share in Chubb’s history. Excluding catastrophes and prior period development, our 2010 accident year Ex-Cat combined ratio was an outstanding 90.4. Book value per share was up 11% for the full year and we continued to actively manage our capital by returning $2.5 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In development of 2011 guidance we assume that the insurance market will show some positive growth due to continued improvement in the overall economy. As such, we expect some positive exposure growth, especially in our standing commercial business. On the other hand, based on our Q4 experience we have not assumed any improvement in the overall rate environment. Overall, we are projecting low single digit rate growth for the year compared to the flat growth ex currency we saw in the 2010 calendar year. On that basis, we expect operating income per share for 2011 to be in the range of $5.35 to $5.75. This guidance is based on our expectation that net rate improvement growth will be 0%-2%. We will have a combined ratio of 91-93 for the year based on our combined ratio of 91-94 for CPI, 94-97 for CCI, and 85-88 for CSI. Property and casualty investment after tax will be down 2%-4%.  Finally, we’re assuming 291 million average diluted shares for the year. Our guidance assumes 3 ½ percentage points of catastrophe will be losses compared to the unusually severe 5.7 points of cats we had in 2010. The 2011 assumption is based on our actual long term average annual cat-losses of 3 percentage points adjusted outward by approximately half a point to take into account what looks like higher than usual cat-losses in the Q1 largely as a result of the Australian floods. In terms of sensitivity the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe and losses in 2011 operating income per share is approximately $0.25. At the mid-point of the guidance range our projected operating income per share for 2011 is down $0.35 from our actual operating income per share of 2010. This reflects the expectation that the negative impact of a margin deterioration and lower investment yields will more than offset the positive impact of our share repurchase program and lowered expected catastrophe losses. In summary, Chubb posted excellent results in 2010 in a less than optimal economic and PNC environment. Looking ahead, we expect 2011 to be another challenging year for the industry. Nevertheless, we believe our superior underwriting expertise, strong capital position, prude investment philosophy, and excellent credit ratings will enable us to generate solid returns in any economic environment and to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise. With that, I’d be glad to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.) And first let’s go to Barclay’s Capital, Jay Gelb.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thank you, I want to touch base on the guidance for 2011. Can you give us a sense of how much if any reserve releases are included in that combined ratio outlook? 
John Finnegan: You know Jay, as we said in the past, we don’t have any – we run these things under a number of different scenarios which have different accident and mixes and different SBU contributions, so we don’t really have any specific favorable development number. What we’ll say is to make the numbers we’re talking about, under almost all scenarios it would require some degree of favorable development in 2011, albeit a lesser level than we enjoyed in 2010. 
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then in terms of the outlook for premium growth, premiums were up overall 1% for the full year in 2010, and for the outlook for 2011 to be flat up 2%, if rates declines are essentially the same pace, but exposure is better, wouldn’t premium growth be better? 
John Finnegan: Yeah, good question Jay. I think that if you really get it on an apples to apples basis, you make one adjustment we were really zero in 2010 on an excurrency basis, and right now, based on where rates are, we have no currency impact in our zero to two, so you’re talking about a one point improvement, so we’re somewhere between our Q4 result of a three point improvement and flat for the year last year. You know, we start the budget process in December; we did have a good Q4, so there’s a decent chance that our Q4 momentum will continue into 2011, and that our growth will be a few points higher than is reflected in our guidance.  But you know, in terms of impact and earnings guidance, it varies a few points in actual versus forecast, non rate related growth would have very little impact on profitability. So maybe there’s more momentum there than we have in our guidance; again, we started about a month ago. We hope that that’s true, but what we have now is up about a point from the high end of the range of the calendar year last year, a little bit below Q4.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Alright, thanks John. 
Operator: Let’s move on to Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith -- Credit Suisse: Hello, good evening. Two questions, the first on capital management; your operating leverage is below historical averages and seems that it can take out more capital from the operating subsidiary, which I don’t think you’ve down Q4. Just wondering how you look at that and what is the maximum debt to capital you would be willing to run at by being more excess capital from the cat subs?
Richard Spiro: Okay, hey Vinay, it’s Ricky. How are you? Let me answer your second question first. We’ve stated publically in the past our debt to capital targets are between 20 and 25%, that’s on a reported basis. We’re currently running a little north of 20, so that’s sort of the range. I’m not going to give you a specific number, that we’re willing to list to it with. As it relates to capital management, you know, it’s a little more complicated. I’ll make a few observations.  If you look at our earnings on a net income basis as an example for 2010, plus the dividends that we paid out in return to shareholders, you know that number totaled something like 2.5 – I’m sorry, if you look at our share repurchases plus the dividends that we paid out to shareholders, that totaled about $2.5 billion in 2010. We made about $2.2 billion so there is a – we did pay out about $250 to $300 million more than we earned. Secondly if you look at our guidance for this year, 2011, you get to a similar answer using the midpoint of our guidance with the dividends that we are expected to pay, and in fact, in that scenario we actually have a bigger gap. So we are, we think, eating into our excel capital position.  It’s a little more complicated, as I said, because there are a few other factors that are involved when we think about our excess capital, it’s not just looking at ratios like bring the surplus or debt to cap, the models that the rating agencies and some of the cat models, as you know, are constantly changing. Without going into all of the details, the bottom line is capital requirements are going up so we’re continuously dealing with that, but having said all of that, we still believe we’re in a significant excess capital position both on our own models and on the rating agency models.  We believe in capital management. If we don’t have a better use for excess capital, you know, we will continue to return it to our shareholders. 
John Finnegan: You know, Vinay, just putting the two together, I think Ricky explained it well. I don’t think there’s any play in the leverage, we’re in a good excess capital position, we’re generating significant earnings and doing big buyback programs, and we’ll come out of the year presumably in a strong excess capital position. Adding to leverage would be the last thing we need to do, you know, additional share repurchases. What at the maximum could it be? $200 or $300 million, it’s a small number, even if we wanted to go up the scale a little bit. You know, we’re in a strong capital position without adding any leverage, so I don’t think that’s going to be a trigger point in terms of what our share buyback levels are. 
Vinay Misquith -- Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s a great answer. The second question is one the market to market on the municipals; could you say that your 3% market to market loss this quarter was broader end of these, which were down more like 5 to 6%, would you say that that’s because of the quality of your portfolio? And if you could just give me a sense of how you value it, do you use third parties to value your municipal bond portfolio? Thank you. 
Richard Spiro: Sure. The first question, the difference – why our portfolio dropped around 3% and the broader markets were higher, I think the Barclay’s municipal bond index probably dropped something close to 5%. You know, the quality of our portfolio and the mix of our portfolio is part of it. The main driver, frankly, is we have a shorter effective duration than the broader market. So we’re at around five years, I think that the market index is at around eight years, and as a result when you have a movement in interest rates, our portfolio is going to move a little bit less than the broader market. As it relates to how we value our portfolio, 100% of our tax exempt securities are level two securities, and our priceline independent, nationally recognized pricing service; we obviously vet their pricing methodology and we’re confident that it’s the best and most accurate way to price our portfolio. 
Vinay Misquith -- Credit Suisse: Okay that’s great. Thank you. 
Operator: And let’s next to go Paul Newsome with Sandler O’Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: Good morning. Thank you for taking the call. Just a follow up; everything on the asset side is available for sale, right? There’s nothing in it held for maturity?
Richard Spiro: That is correct. 
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: And then maybe you could just touch a little bit more on the international exposure that you have, and give us a sense of – we’ve had a couple of quarters now of cat losses for you guys – just how you’re measuring that exposure and how we should think about these things when we’re (inaudible) or –
John Finnegan: Are you talking about our catastrophe exposure overseas? Not our market exposure?
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: Catastrophe exposure.
John Finnegan: Yeah, you know, I think that sometimes people focus on our personal lines operation for the US and not the fact that we’re a widespread operation for commercial and specialty and also that well over a quarter of our revenue comes from overseas, so it wouldn’t be unusual to have overseas losses. We have more overseas losses now than we used to have because we have greater overseas revenue, but certainly the percentage of premiums are cat losses in the US have been higher than our cat losses overseas. You know, the impact of overseas cat losses, now it’s like anyone else’s (inaudible).  But for example, last year we had a big Chilean earthquake loss, and 2011 it looks like we have a good sized Australian loss. On the other hand, in 2010 we experienced almost no loss in the severe European wind storms, the New Zealand earthquake, and the UK winter storms. So it’s just like the US; manageable cat losses are the result of a combination of sophisticated cat exposure management but also a lot of good fortune. Even those countries where we suffered significant losses, the size of these losses seemed in line with our market share, that was certainly the case with Chili last year.  You know, based upon industry losses of $5 to $10 billion and one to two point market share in Australia, I’d say our estimate at this time, and it’s just preliminary, put us right in that zone. 
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: Is there any way for us to sort of do something similar that we do in the US to kind of judge ahead of time if you have particular exposures in a particular country? 
John Finnegan:   I don’t know. I don’t know really what you do in the US, so I’m not sure. 
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: We have statutory statements that can look at sort of by states, and do all sorts of market share analysis. Is there something analogous for that in your disclosures?
John Finnegan: No, not in our consolidated statement I don’t think, no. 
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill: Okay, thank you very much. 
John Finnegan: Sure. 
Operator: Matthew Heimermann, JP Morgan Chase & Co., please go ahead. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Hi, good afternoon everybody. Two questions; first just on I guess this is for Paul, but the exposure rep? Could you give us a little color, if we’re looking into next year, how much of it you think is kind of payrolls, how much of it is maybe capacity utilization, inventories going up, how much of it is actually just potentially greater demand for a limit, just to give us some color around the potential exposure changes?
Paul Krump: Sure Matthew. As we think about this year, we try to look at the trajectory of what actually took place last year, and we put in a little bit of growth. More in the CCI area, quite frankly, than in the CSI area. As I mentioned, some of the CSI areas are still under some pricing pressure, and because of that we’ve been repositioning and reprofiling some of the deals but you know, we’re seeing some nice upticks obviously in the sales area and in the payrolls for worker’s comp; and I touched on the plant equipment. So we’re clearly easing off the bottom. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And is this kind of the areas that we’re seeing pickups here pretty consistent with what you would have expected based on past economic recoveries?
Paul Krump: Yeah, they really are, Matthew. It’s a little bit difficult for me to touch on, or to draw a huge conclusion from worker’s compensation. You know, we’re only 2% of the worker’s compensation of marketplace; we specialize by niche, by state, by size of risk, so I don’t think that our work comp book is comparable to the industry. Clearly AM Best has put out some numbers; just if you look at the loss ratio ours are 21 points better on a five year argument than the industry, and the last full year, 2009, we were clearly 19 points better. So we’re doing things very differently in the work comp area. As respect to general liability, we’re seeing some of the payroll or the sales figures come up here in the manufacturing business and the retail business as well. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, that’s helpful. And then for Ricky, I guess it looks like when I was looking at yields for the quarter they actually look like they picked up sequentially, and I was adjusting for – this was trying to adjust the cost, so just if you’ve got any color there, and also just with the $400 million maturity next November, just for modeling purposes, should we assume that gets refinanced?
Richard Spiro: Well, as far as the $400 million maturity in November, I can’t commit on our plans for future financing, so I really can’t give you any guidance there. The slight tick up in yields, you know if there wasn’t an uptick in Q4, treasury rates and some of the reinvestment rates, to be honest, I don’t know if that was the reason for the slight increase, but that’s the only thing I can point to. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, you didn’t change duration dramatically? 
Richard Spiro: No, duration is the same, I think 3.9 it was last quarter. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks. 
Operator: Let’s go to Keith Walsh at Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Hey, good evening gentlemen. A couple of questions; first one, thinking about network premium guidance of flat plus two. Can you explain how audit premiums impact that, if there is any impact within that? And then further on that, when you think about audit premiums on the downside, back on ’09, what actual impact did audit premiums have to your total net written or net earned premiums? And I have a follow up. Thanks. 
Richard Spiro: Okay, how audit premiums work basically is the insured sits down with their agent and they talk about what auditable exposure base to give us, and they think about the various classifications of their workers. In most states there’s some 600 different worker classifications, so they’ll think about their work force and where those payrolls are going. So the first – if you think about it as the deposit premium is based on what they actually give us, so their optimism or pessimism about their businesses comes in to play there, so that’s part of the exposure.  Most people, not surprising I guess, are passing on traditionally payrolls that are a little bit pessimistic to what they turn out to be, say over the last 25 to 30 years of my experience here, we’ve seen audits bring on about a half a point of growth or top line work comp revenue, so I’d like to see it come back to those kind of levels. It can vary a little bit from time to time, but right around a half a point to a point. 
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: And what was the negative impact on the nine from audit premiums that you saw on your financials?
John Finnegan: It can’t be more than half a point at most; in Q4 we had a nice move and a nice swing, and maybe we’re slightly positive, but we’re talking slightly here. So you’re talking one class of business and one business unit. On 2011 even a half a point would be high. Probably a quarter point would be more like it, and we didn’t break it out that discreetly. 
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Okay, and then just thinking about the ROE for the franchise. I think I’ll take from your commentary that you do have some reserve release built into your numbers for 2011. If I use the midpoint of your guidance it looks like it’s sort of an 11 ROE franchise right now, and as we take our reserves, it’s probably more like a 10. Is that the reality of what we’re looking at here, for Chubb for the next couple of years?
John Finnegan: The accident ROE right now is 10 plus, so I don’t know. I don’t know how you – they have to get out and do the calc and take out the capital and things like that, so I think we get a little higher than 11 for the year if you did that. But I hear the accident year is more in the lines of 10 to 11. 
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Great, and what would you think your cost of equity of your franchise is, approximately?
John Finnegan: I’m not going to give you a number, you can do the calculation. It all depends on what you think the equity risk premium is these days. 
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Okay, thanks a lot you guys. 
Operator: Let’s go to Morgan Stanley, it’s Greg Locraft.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good evening guys. I wanted to just look at the Australia loss and understand a little bit more granularity there, how you came to the estimate. I totally appreciate it’s very, very early, but can you maybe just expand a little as to what you think the industry wide loss will be, and perhaps how you’re getting to the 75 to a 100 in terms of lines or whatever you feel would help us think through that loss?
John Finnegan: The industry losses, we’ll have to see, but what you see in the press today are numbers that range between $5 and $10 billion of insured losses. Relative to how we came up with the number, clearly as you indicate it is early, but as soon as the flood waters receded and power was restored, we were able to get out to a lot of our commercial risks and some of our larger personal lines of risk and based on the visual inspections, the photographs we had, we were able to make some assessments.  The more complicated component is to try to figure out what else can come in, obviously it’s still early, so there you know we’re taking some projections of a run rate of what we thing might still come in and based on the type of losses that we’ve seen, how we would project them forward. Now obviously we’ve had many years of experience in this, and as you well know, we typically have been very accurate with our cat ranges, so despite this being early, you know, we thought it was adequate time to bring out the range of $75 to $100 million. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and did you include anything in the southern part, or the southeast part of Australia, or you mentioned that it was Brisbane that really caused the number to skyrocket, but it seems that it’s pushing even lower than that. Is this a holistic look?
John Finnegan: This is in the aggregate, although the push after Brisbane to the south, we received very little claims there and we have much less exposure. Our exposure is mainly in and around Brisbane, and in the aggregate a little bit more commercial than it is personal right now. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: That’s actually interesting. Why is that? I would have thought the opposite. I would have thought more personal than commercial. 
John Finnegan: It’s in line with our writings and our premium shares. We write some good commercial premium, obviously, in our three offices in Australia, and it’s in line with the market share. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks for the help there. One other totally separate question, I just wanted to throw it out there because I do get this question sometimes, and we don’t get to talk to you guys that often during the quarter. So just posing the question, what if interest rates go up sharply? How does this impact your business? A very broad general question, but you know, maybe just the scenario of interest rates going up 200 basis points. What would that mean for the Chubb Corporation?
Richard Spiro: Well I’ll answer it from the investment portfolio side, we have the duration of our portfolio of four years, so you know, every hundred basis point move in interest rates would reduce the value of our portfolio by about 4%, so the math would be with a 200 basis point movement, it would be 8%. But again, you also have to think that in a scenario when that occurs, you’re also then going to be reinvesting at a higher rate, and over time that investment income will help.  As I said on prior calls, we do have an intermediate maturity bond strategy, so we’ve got bonds that are running off that we can reinvest over every year, and so you know, the impact would be – the value of our portfolio, and everyone else’s by the way, a 200 basis point move in interest rates would impact the entire industry, but offset by a higher reinvestment rate. 
John Finnegan: After all, each investor will have an opinion of how they trade up value versus the ongoing business. From a management perspective, a somewhat higher interest rates are positive, right? Unrealized appreciation goes away over time, as bonds mature. Higher interest rates take it away more quickly, but give you back much more earnings power.  So in answer to the prior question, that accident year business for right now, 200 basis points higher looks a lot more like 13, 14, and 15 than 10, 11, and 12. So I think that’s a positive. And the second factor is unless you believe interest rates only move in isolation, presumably one of the driving forces is more economic activity, more inherent inflation, which builds in much more business over time, so it’s probably reflective of a better business environment for the company and for the industry as a whole. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for the answer, great answer.
Operator: Let’s now go to Bank of America, and Matt Palazola.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America: Hey, it’s Jay Cohen here, thank you. A couple of questions, I guess first is you’re looking at the specialty business and back into an accident year loss ratio, kind of this quarter versus a year ago quarter, it looked like it improved really quite a bit. The surety business was pretty stable during that time, so presumably you’re booking a substantially lower accident year pick on the professional liability business. I’m assuming some of that is reduction in your assumption of credit crisis claims, given the trend there. So can you talk about why the loss ratio came down quite a bit? Just given the backdrop of lower prices?
John Finnegan: Yeah, Jay, let’s break that up. It’s a good question. Let’s break it up into a few pieces. Let’s take the calendar year 2010 and what happened to professional liability accident year results. For the year, our accident year professional liability was about 98 versus 104 for accident year 2009. So that was sort of – that’s really the difference for the calendar year. Now, you’re right – largely, rates did go down some, but in 2009 we had a huge what we call financial cat load for credit crisis which had a tremendous amount of claims. So the benefit was related to let’s clear the credit crisis claims and the number of D&O share (inaudible) were lower.  Now in Q4, comparing Q4 is the biggest gap. That gap breaks to about 10 points, that’s really almost entirely due to the fact that Q4 2009 we ran 108 combined ratio for professional liability. We had some adjustments to the year, and also we had a number of crime and fidelity claims which flowed through in Q4 last year, so it was a very unfavorable quarter. This year in Q4, our loss ratio is about the same, it is really the same that it’s been in all four quarters of this year.  We had a seasonal positive adjustment of a point or so in expense ratio, and that gave us a slightly better accident year combined for Q4, but the year over year difference in Q4 going up to 10 points is almost entirely due to the huge uptick in Q4 of last year’s professional liability.  For the calendar year, we’ve been telling you all year that we have a better year, accident year, calendar year 2010, our accident year professional liability is running better because we assumed much lower losses from the credit crisis and big public D&O claims.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America: Yeah, that makes sense. Thank you. Next question, Ricky, the unrealized gain that you cited, that’s a pre-tax number, I’m assuming? 
Richard Spiro: That $1.7 billion? Yeah. 
Jay Cohen – Bank of America: Okay, thanks, and then last question, and again it’s back on the specialty business. It doesn’t look like, I don’t want to read too much into this, but it doesn’t look like the favorable development we’ve been seeing has pretty steadily slowed from the end of last year. Should we be reading anything into this? Is there anything underlying that you guys are seeing that’s causing that favorable development to slow? 
John Finnegan: Well, you know, Jay, we actually made some comments at the beginning of last year that look like the comments we made this year related to guidance. That we weren’t picking up specific favorable development level, but that we expected favorable development, but we expected to make our maybe targets that we had some favorable development albeit at lower levels for 2010.  As it turned out, we didn’t come in much lower, but the mix was different. We were right about professional liability in the second half of the year, it did decline, and we expected that. Still pretty substantial level though, eight or nine points in specialty; but it was made up for this year by unusually high, probably historical high favorable and commercial business, and very favorable in the personal lines business.  I just think as we go over time, you can’t keep getting six or seven points of favorable development every year, that’s unusually high. I think professional liability had some terrific years, 14, 15 points on their book. The years in which we’ve gotten most of the favorable development, you know those 2003 to 2006 years, they’re just running off.  So I think what you hear in our comments this year as we go forward into 2011 is that we’ll probably need some favorable development to meet our target. It could come in a different mix of accident and other favorable, but that will be less than we saw in the past, and professional could be less than we saw in the past, although I’m not ready at this point. I don’t know if where we were in Q3 and Q4 is too high or too low; I think over time it’s still pretty high, and it’ll be tough to sustain out of a long period of time. 
Jay Cohen – Bank of America: I’m sure most people assume it’s going down anyway, so it fits with expectations anyway. Thanks for those good answers, thank you. 
Operator: Let’s go to Josh Shanker at Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Yeah, thank. I actually just want to follow up with what Jay was saying. Paul made a comment about rates being down in professional lines, market renewal rates, about 3%, and it is for renewal business. I wonder if we can talk about the competitive dynamics in that space post credit crisis in terms of how much business you’re renewing as the rates go the other way, and you sense that this is an attractive business for you to be operating in right now.
Paul Krump: Sure Josh, as John mentioned, there’s some valid reasons that you’ve seen some rate declines in the public D&O space, the decline in the securities class action and the economy is obviously a bit better than it was; clearly the stock market is better. So you know, I’m not sitting back saying that I’m surprised you’re seeing some rate declines in public D&O, I just think that quite frankly they are a little bit overblown, and we are very mindful here at Chubb that there tends to be a systemic loss of that with some regularity in the public D&O space.  I mean, we’ve been doing this for decades, we’ve got a lot of experience, a meaningful sized book, so what we’re doing right now is really honing our pricing tools, because they help us know is this a top tier account, is this a middle tier account, is it a bottom tier account? When do we need to back away, when do we need to reposition or when do we want to try and go out early and hang on to some of it? So we’re pretty into the ebb and flow there. 
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: And are you – would you say that the business flow is steady? Or that you’re declining some business now, at this juncture in the marketplace?
Paul Krump: Well, let me just give you a little bit of a statistic, one of the things we try to look at here is how much new business is coming on to the portfolio. Right now in the professional liability space, the portfolio last year had about 14% of its total writings from new business, if you back that up just a few years ago, that number was almost double. So that gives you a sense that we’re being very rigorous in how we’re writing new business. Clearly as an underwriter you know your renewal better than you know a new piece of business, so you have to be mindful of that. 
John Finnegan: Josh, I’d say at any one time you know, the rate movement isn’t necessarily reflective of the attractiveness of the business, you know. Two years ago, we were getting 20 points of rate, and D&O fi, but that was for a reason. You know FI had collapsed. We were running combines well over 100. Now more recently, the experience has been much much better, so D&O FI is a flat business now.  Well, is it a better or worse business? Hard to say. You know public still has been very profitable, you know to some degree sometimes we think the competiveness is overdone a little, but they are reacting to what’s been a positive trend in lawsuits and claims in that area. So you know, if aggressive is tough, but professional liability and D&O public tend to be very profitable businesses for us. 
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: And are there new competitors out there, when you say competitive, or is it the same people you’re competing with? 
John Finnegan: There are new competitors, but that’s not really the – they force down the prices because they get into some of the excess layers, but they’re not really the people that every day we’re competing with. It’s the same old crowd. 
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Well thank you for the answers. 
Operator: And let’s go to Goldman Sachs, and Mike Nannizzi.
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, I just wanted to ask a question about CCI. It looks like if we calc’d right the accident year underlying combined at about 93 for the year. In your range all in, so including development and what you think that might be next year, 94 to 97, what is driving that difference? It looks like rates weren’t declining that much, so I’m just trying to understand, how do we go from underlying 93 to a big all in 94, 97? Is it the storm, the Australian storms that make the big difference?
John Finnegan: I’d say, one I’m always a little surprised, you know, I read write ups from the analysts talking about margin pressure and not getting a rate and growth trends keep going up, and yet people seem to be surprised when our combine ratios are projected in a lump. I mean, aren’t we really seeing a traditional margin compression sort of cycle? You’re right, rates are only down one, but I think that most people think that loss trends continue to go up and while we’ve seen some recently favorable loss trends I think most of the lines of business over time loss trends go up.  So I think you would expect to see some margin of impression but when you look at it, I’d say that we’re talking about, we expect the deterioration in our businesses next year, the commercial and personal, due to margin compression and also due to less favorable development. It’s a mix of those. I would say that in an era when you have one point rate declines in a commercial business, which is the one that is most subject to predictable loss trends, that wouldn’t be unexpected to have two, three, or four points of loss trend increases. Which would easily get you another three points in combined ratio.  Throw in a mix and sort of less favorable development. As I’ve mentioned, favorable development in commercial was at an all time high this year. It’d be hard to believe that we could sustain that. You put the two of them together and I think that’s where you get the number. 
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Okay, I mean that makes sense but my 93 that I’m talking about is excluding any favorable development, so an underlying 93 excluding calc and favorable development.
John Finnegan: I’ll roughly do the math for you. The sort of deterioration in ExCat combined ratio is somewhere in the 5-5 ½ point ratio to the midpoint, and that’s what you’re trying to book keep to to add up in margin compression and low favorable development. That make sense?
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Yeah. I think so.
John Finnegan: Take out favorable and so you take out the ExCat and the other cats and you’re talking about five points. You have to determine with that deterioration how much of that is margin compression in the acts of the year, how much of it is low favorable development.
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I think right there before you mentioned the Australian cats, do you know how much of that is rolling up into your 94 97 commercial, or is that—I would imagine that is part of that number as well?
John Finnegan: Well, I wouldn’t look at it as a—it depends if we’re looking ExCat or cat, see that’s the problem. See we had a lot of cats this year so it would depend on whether you’re comparing an ExCat number to an ExCat number. If we go into the year basically looking at a three point cat assumption that would add a cat load to commercial somewhere in the 3-3 ½ point area and you know, we threw up the 3 ½ with the Australian floods which means we’re pursuing maybe two points higher in the first quarter than we would normally; divided by four gets you your half and a little bit of that is more loaded to commercial so we adjusted. But that’s just an assumption, so you get in that 3-3 ½ cat load area for commercial. It doesn’t have a huge impact on the number by any means.
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: And then just one, if I could. On your guidance, it looked like personalized up 5-10% depending on the sub-category and then commercialized specialty would be about flat, and then your guide in said zero to two. Is the offset of that the rate that you’re talking about in specialty and commercial or is there something else?
John Finnegan: You’re talking about growth rate for the businesses?
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Yeah. So I guess if personalized do this next year, what they did this year, 
John Finnegan: You say if they don’t break out of the growth rate for 2011, right?
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: No, no, no. The commentary seemed to indicate that trends were in place. That this year was a year of growth and that initiative seemed to be in place to status-quo, at least that was my interpretation.
John Finnegan: I would say that when we talk about exposure improving we’re primarily talking about the commercial business. So that’s the area where we’re talking about exposure improving and helping growth. The specialty business, I don’t think we could make that judgment. Personalized, I think we’re seeing a little better from that. It’s an offset in personal you’re seeing, that more endorsements, more activity, but how the market remains…I mean everyday you pick up the paper could make it a terrible low level so I don’t think you could count on explosive growth in the home-owners area.
Mike Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have Bob Glasspiegel from Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good evening. John, it seems like you and Paul are describing the commercial like the opposite of the cereal business, you’re putting more in the package for less cost, right? You’ve got rate declines and exposure growth. Why is exposure growth a good thing, and if you push the math, minus one, rates, plus exposure growth, you’re not building a lot of inflation on the number to get to that five and to allow less reserve release.
John Finnegan: I don’t know where reserve release goes in. I would say that CCI’s results have been excellent, so yeah, at least through this year. You know, we didn’t have many more costs going into that cereal box, you can see by the numbers, but obviously over time if rates to go up and you have inflation and cost trends it will help the margin compression. What was the second question?
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I would also add on there, your point about exposure, remember that—let’s just take property for example. You’ve got your property marine book; you’ve got your package book, which is about half property. When we get an exposure increase that really means that the values that those buildings planned equipment go up. Very few losses are total losses. It’s not the equivalent of a pure rate increase but clearly it is better for us to have an exposure increase than an exposure decrease.
John Finnegan: Exposure adds premiums just like adding a new customer would add premiums. You know if you have customer that insures one factory and he insures two factories with you, you add a factory, it’s like getting another customer with the factory. If he doubles the value of it, it’s like getting another customer with it.  So it’s premium growth on which you would anticipate benefiting by the profit margin on your business. Which, you know, on an average sense, is somewhere between five and ten points but on a variable argument is somewhat more significant. I mean, taking most of the expense ratio out, so exposure growth is adding new business, it’s adding premium growth and it’s a positive. 
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, don’t quite follow but I appreciate your answer, thank you. 
John Finnegan: Okay, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Okay that’ll come from Adage Capital, Ian Gutterman
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Thanks. I did suspect a personalized discussion, you said the action era around a 98, did that have any remaining sort of credit crisis in it, or is that a clean number to start off of?
John Finnegan: We have a cat load in all of our accident year assessments and professional liability. Going into 2009 though, we were in the middle of all the action from 2008 and we certainly knew we were going to have some significant activity going on, so our financial cat load was higher than it might normally be in a normal year. We still always anticipate some “cat activity”; it certainly has some in it. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, I guess there was a normal cat limit in 2010, so I want to start running forward my estimates in future years, I can use 2010 as a normal year and base my pricing and exposure from there?
John Finnegan: You know, I’m not sure – the business is so lumpy in terms of there have not been that many normal years. You had the 2002 disasters, pretty clean 2004 and ’05; stock options 2007, mutual funds and 2008 credit crisis, 2010 turned out to be not a year of all sorts of new discreet activity, and 2010 under default wouldn’t be a normal year I wouldn’t think. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Right, okay fair enough. On the other personalized business, obviously you’ve had good growth there. One thing that was a little surprising as I was looking through the numbers for the year was your expense ratio was up a couple of points. Normally I think when a business is growing you get expense leverage. Is there some sort of nix thing going on there, or something that would explain the higher expense ratio? Dino Robusto In the other personal is the accident and health which carries a little bit of a higher expense ratio, so as we’re growing that portfolio outside the United States, that’s where you’re seeing the impact. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, so A & H has become a bigger mix of the other total personal, you’re saying?
John Finnegan: As you look at our overall expenses, Ian, you know you have to keep in mind you can’t just look at nominal. Mix does have an impact. Mix of businesses, personal has a little bit higher commission load than some of the other business, and work comp, for example, which has a low commission load. Accidental has a high commission load, but lower loss ratios. Overseas tends to have higher commissions than the US, and overseas is growing faster. So you know, there’s a mix of that, and when you get into particular lines it can be greatly affected by how that mix moves. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, great, and my last one. In Australia; can you just tell us a little more about what your business is there, maybe how big it is, what types of lines you write. Does it look much like the US or is it a different strategy, different approach?
Paul Krump: I’ll start with commercial, and then toss it over to Dino. It’s a very similar book to what you see in the United States. I mean, it a package book business, it’s property, obviously there’s no comp, there’s less auto actually, there. But you know, we’re writing the exact same kinds of industries, quite frankly, that we write here in the United States, and a lot of service industries and it’s been a highly profitable business for us.  When you go over the CSI side of things, you know it’s a similar book of business. We actually were the ones who brought D&O and kidnap and ransom, those kinds of lines to the Australian market, so we’ve enjoyed a long history there of writing similar things to what we write here in the US. 
John Finnegan: Why don’t you talk a little about personal lines? Dino Robusto So in personal lines it’s essentially the same thing. We target the high net worth customer in personal lines Australia. We use essentially the same policy forms as we do here. We hallmark masterpiece coverages and we marry it with the high quality of services that we offer here so it’s essentially a similar target-market strategy for us in personal lines.
John Finnegan: Probably a little more commercial to personal over in Australia than in the US.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, and probably just a ballpark size of your business there?
Richard Spiro: About 8 million.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, because I guess I was a little bit surprised by when you talked about the 5-10 billion industry, I just hadn’t heard numbers that high. I’d seen up to six, I think, from AIR. I was wondering if maybe you had a different set of exposures than other people might have. So it doesn’t sound like you’re heavily exposed to like, the coal mines or some of the other…
Richard Spiro: We’re not involved in the energy business in Australia.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, so it’s just more the traditional type losses.
John Finnegan: The common-wealth countries have always been our strongest countries over-seas, so we’re a big player in terms of the Australia market. We have huge market shares but nor do we have huge market shares in the US. We’ve been highly profitable and it’s by far our biggest Asian operation.
Richard Spiro: They write flood a little bit differently in Australia on the commercial side of things so we have a slightly different strategy. We do more quota share business, more layers of property there just because of that, so here in the States you’d see a lot more flood exclusions or flood sub-limits. In Australia they’re, up to now, oftentimes offer full-flood but that may be changing. 
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: That would be a good thing. Okay, thank you guys. 
John Finnegan: Thank you very much, and thank you for being on the phone call. Have a good evening.
Operator: And with that we’ll conclude our conference call for today, thank you very much for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee Richard Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Degnan - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Cliff Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of the Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's third quarter 2010 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the third quarter 2010, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through November 19, 2010. Those listening after October 21, 2010, should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thank you. Chubb had an excellent third quarter across the board. Our combined ratio was outstanding. We continued to produce significant growth in book value and a strong return on equity. In addition, aided largely by historically high retention rates, we had a modest increase in premiums in a very competitive market. And we continue to return capital to our shareholders through dividends and an active share repurchase program. Operating income per share for the third quarter was up 8% to $1.69. Annualized operating ROE for the quarter was 15%. The combined ratio was an excellent 86.2%. And the combined ratio, excluding caps, improved to 84.1% from 84.6%. For the first nine months, operating income per share was $4.22. x cats [catastrophes], our nine-month combined ratio was 83%, an improvement of 2.4 points over the same period last year. We produced an attractive annualized operating ROE in the first nine months of 12.7% even with a relatively high 7.1 points of cats. In addition, our investment portfolio continued to perform extremely well. Property and Casualty investment income after taxes for the third quarter of 2010 was $317 million, which was flat compared to last year in a lower yield environment. We also had net realized investment gains of $54 million before tax. At September 30, our net unrealized appreciation before tax stood at $2.6 billion, an increase of $700 million over June 30. These operating and investment results produced a GAAP book value per share of $52.41 at September 30. That's a 6% increase since June 30 and 11% increase since year end 2009 and a 15% increase compared to a year ago. Our capital position is excellent and Ricky will talk about the progress we have made in our share buyback program. As you recall in July, we affirmed 2010 operating income per share guidance in the range of $5.15 to $5.55 per share. Based on third quarter results and a positive outlook for the fourth quarter, we are increasing guidance for 2010 to a range of $5.75 to $5.85 per share. I will elaborate on the revised guidance in my closing remarks. We continue to underwrite in a balanced fashion, seeking growth where we can get it but insisting on pricing terms and conditions that are designed to achieve an acceptable level of underwriting profitability. We continue to invest conservatively and we continue to actively manage our capital as evidenced by our share buybacks and dividends. This combination of underwriting discipline, conservative investing and active capital management is the formula that continues to define Chubb and produces superior results for shareholders. This afternoon, we also announced some important management changes at Chubb. As previously indicated, John Degnan will be retiring on December 31 after a distinguished 20-year career at Chubb, most recently as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. This is John's last conference call and he leaves big shoes to fill. We have a great team in place, but I know we will all miss John's insightful observations on the market place, claims and public affairs. The good news is that our quarterly conference calls will now be much shorter. Fortunately, John has agreed to continue at Chubb as a senior adviser to me on a part-time basis. Although all of the details have not been finalized, I expect that John will be involved in areas such as special situation claims in government affairs in which he has amassed much expertise. As we announced this afternoon, upon John's retirement at the end of the year, Paul Krump will become President of Commercial and Specialty Lines reporting to me. In addition, the Accident business will report directly to Paul. Dino Robusto will become President of Personal Lines and Claims and will continue to oversee IT, Communications, Corporate Development and Innovation. He will also report to me. Harold Morrison will continue as Chief Global Field Officer and additionally will become Chief Administrative Officer, overseeing human resources and administrative services. Howard will report to Paul and Dino. The executive committee will include Paul, Dino, Harold, Ricky Spiro and myself. Paul, Dino and Harold are all seasoned executives, having been with Chubb for more than 20 years each. They all earned their way up through the ranks and they've had a major role in Chubb's operational success over the past several years. While John will be tough to replace, I'm very confident that we have a terrific team in place that is well qualified to step in and lead Chubb to even greater success in the years ahead. And now, John Degnan will discuss our operating performance in more detail.
John Degnan: Thanks, John. Since this is my last earnings call, I'm especially pleased that we had such a good quarter. Let me give you some of the key details about that. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 4%, with about a 1% positive impact of currency fluctuation. CPI produced a combined ratio of 85.4% compared to 81.6% last year. But cats were 3.7 points in 2010 whereas the impact of catastrophes actually improved the combined ratio by about a point in the third quarter of 2009. So excluding cats, CPI's third quarter combined ratio was 81.7% this year, almost a point better than last year's 82.6%. Homeowners premiums were up 2% and the combined ratio was an 81%. Personal auto premiums increased 7%, driven by growth outside the U.S. and the combined ratio was 91.7%. In Other Personal lines, which include our Accident business, premiums were up 7% and the combined ratio was 94.2%. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, premiums were flat or down about 1% x currency. The combined ratio was an 89.1% compared to last year's 90.5%. CCI's third quarter included cat losses of two points compared with 2.6 points in 2009. So excluding cats, CCI's third quarter combined ratio was 87.1% in 2010 and 87.9% in 2009. In the U.S., CCI renewal rates were down 1% compared to flat in the second quarter. We have one of the highest quarterly U.S. retention rates we've had in many years, 87%, contributing to a new to lost business ratio of 1.2:1. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums were also flat and the combined ratio was 83.3% compared to 83.6% in the third quarter of 2009. Premiums for Professional Liability were down 1% and the combined ratio was 89.3% compared to the 90% in last year's third quarter. Average U.S. renewal rates for Professional Liability were down 2% compared to down 3% in the second quarter. Renewal retention in the U.S. was 88% and the ratio of new to lost business was 1.1:1. For surety, net written premiums were up 7%, driven largely by growth outside the U.S. and the combined ratio was 40%. Overall, market conditions in the third quarter were largely unchanged from the first half. We continue to see competitive pressure on rates. But on the other hand, the repercussions of poor economic conditions continue to abate slightly, and we had some improvement in exposures and endorsement activity. Overall, the market environment continues to be very challenging. Just one final word for me on credit crisis claims. Credit crisis losses continue to develop consistently with our prior observations about them. The number of new claims in this category continues to dwindle, and managing these losses now is a question of dealing with a known quantity of claims rather than speculating about the number we will actually receive. Nothing has changed our conviction that we are appropriately reserved for the accident years in which the claims have been made. In closing, I'll miss these earnings calls. Not so much the internal prep sessions. It's been a privilege to work for over 20 years for a company in whose values I believe and in whose successes, particularly over the last eight years, I have been able to participate. And finally, thanks to all of you for consistently keeping us on our toes over the years during these calls. With that, I'll turn it over to Ricky Spiro.
Richard Spiro: Thanks, John. As you can probably tell by now, we are very happy with our financial performance in the third quarter. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income was strong, amounting to $399 million in the quarter. Property and Casualty investment income after tax of $317 million in the quarter was flat compared to last year's third quarter in a challenging investment environment. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $54 million or $0.11 per share after tax. Our net realized investment gains before tax included $18 million of gains on our alternative investments portfolio and $36 million of realized gains from the sale of securities. Unrealized appreciation before tax at September 30, 2010, was $2.6 billion, an increase of $700 million from the end of the second quarter. This substantial increase was due to the overall improvement in the global capital markets during the quarter, which led to strong performance across all of our asset classes. Turning to our investment portfolio, the carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $43 billion as of September 30. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 3.9 years and the average credit rating is Aa2. We also continued to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At September 30, our holding company portfolio included $2.3 billion of investments, including $900 million of short-term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at September 30, 2010, was $52.41 compared to $47.09 at year end 2009 and $45.43 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available-for-sale fixed maturities at amortized cost, was $47.25 compared to $44.37 at 2009 year end and $42.31 a year ago. As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the third quarter of 2010 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI, we had about $40 million, CCI had about $90 million, CSI had about $65 million and Reinsurance Assumed had about $5 million, bringing the total favorable development to about $200 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the third quarter combined ratio of about seven points overall. For comparison, in the third quarter of 2009, we had about $205 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $65 million in CPI, $30 million in CCI, $100 million in CSI and $10 million in Reinsurance Assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the third quarter of 2009 was about seven points, the same as in this year's third quarter. During the third quarter, our loss reserves increased by $7 million. Reserves in our Reinsurance Assumed business, which is now in runoff, declined by $35 million. Reserves in the Insurance business increased by $42 million during the quarter. The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $65 million. The impact of catastrophes reduced reserves by $120 million, reflecting payments on prior events and lower levels of catastrophes in the third quarter. Finally, I want to give you an update on capital management. During the third quarter, we repurchased 10.2 million shares. The aggregate cost of our repurchases was $555 million or an average of $54.63 per share. For the first nine months, our average repurchased cost per share was $51.94. As of September 30, 2010, there were 6.6 million shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization. And as we said during our last earnings call, our intention is to complete the repurchase of all of these remaining shares by the end of the year. We will review our 2011 capital management plans with our Board of Directors in December. And now, I'll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Chubb performed extremely well in both the third quarter and the first nine months of 2010. Here are the highlights: For the third quarter, we had operating income per share of $1.69 and an annualized operating ROE of 15%. For the first nine months, we had operating income per share of $4.22 and an annual operating ROE of 12.7%, even with seven points of cats. Our x cat combined ratio for the first nine months is an impressive 83%, which was 2.4 points better than the same period last year. Book value per share increased 6% in the three months ended September 30 and was up 11% since year end 2009 and 15% since September 30, 2009. We're maintaining a strong capital position and are well on track to completing our current share repurchase program by year end. With the board's initial buyback authorization in December 2005, Chubb has repurchased shares representing 37% of its market capitalization at that time. Let me conclude with a few comments on the revised guidance we announced in today's press release. Based on our excellent third quarter results and our outlook for a strong fourth quarter, we are updating our 2010 calendar year operating income per share guidance to a new range of $5.75 to $5.85 from the previous guidance range of $5.15 to $5.55. This revised guidance is based on operating income per share of $4.22 in the first nine months and our forecast of a range of $1.53 to $1.63 for the fourth quarter. This revised guidance is also based on an assumption of 322 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year. Finally, our revised guidance assumes two percentage points of cats for the fourth quarter, which would result in 5.8 points of cats for the calendar year. This compares to the full year cat assumption of seven points included in our previous guidance, the reduction being due to lower than expected cats in the third quarter. The impact on operating income per share of each point of cats in the fourth quarter is about $0.05. That concludes our prepared remarks. I realize that they were shorter than the past, but that's a reflection of a quarter with excellent results and the fact that market conditions haven't changed much from three months ago. With that, we'll open it up to your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: This is for John Finnegan. I guess we've seen several hundred community banks failing since 2008. There's been a lot of news flow recently around the FDIC pursuing insurance claims against the banks and their employees. In fact, you guys were named in the Colonial Bank story recently. If you can help me frame this issue, as the FDIC plays catch up on the financial crisis, and what other coverage lines can be brought into play besides D&O?
John Degnan: Let me take a stab, this is John Degnan. I know your question was directed to John Finnegan. But I'm going to take a stab at it, then John will add anything he wants to talk about it. Let me talk a little bit first about our community bank book, Keith. We consider a community bank to be one that's no larger than $1 billion in total assets. We have D&O policies for about 10% of them. 94% of our book is private or closely held and only 6% are listed on the stock exchange. The average limits are $3.2 million for the private book and $5.9 million for the public book. Given the size of those banks, we're not particularly concerned whether they're private or public because we underwrite their financial condition in light of the fact that a failure of one of these institutions could trigger a regulatory claim against the directors and officers. We have not yet seen significant claims activity in the community bank arena to date. And we're not overly concerned about the developments that have been taking place over the last couple of weeks in so far as they pertain to community banks, although the lender liability portion of the coverage for community banks does in fact include errors and omissions, which could be implicated in a claim against the community bank for mishandling of foreclosure documentation like robo-signing. But our exposure in that connection to the community banks is not thought at the moment by us to be significant. On the other hand, our exposure to the 10 largest mortgage services that might be implicated in claims like that is also, from an E&O perspective, thanks to the underlying strategies we've had for the last couple of years, is minimal with the exception of one account, which has one $15 million exposure. And to date, we haven't seen a claim from that account. And then finally, it's a complicated set of issues here, and it is early to be projecting what the outcome is, but with respect to -- not to the foreclosure documentation problems but to the implication of the securitized loans, you should realize that purchasers have been putting back or attempting to put back defective mortgages for several years now and they're contractually able to do that if they can prove that there were defects. That by itself though does not cause a loss to either the purchaser or the originator depending on the quality of the underlying asset. And as far as we know, and certainly our experience has been that there has not been significant insurance related claims activity to that point. And then finally, while the securitization agreements can, as people have pointed out, contain recourse against the originator and others for fraud, there are a number of other intermediaries that would be potentially implicated, including investment banks and lawyers and accountants. And as such, this would be largely an E&O matter where we have little to no exposure to those entities due to the underwriting actions we've taken. And I know that was a long answer, but you invited me to give you a...
Keith Walsh - Citigroup Inc: Just a follow up on what you said about the underwriting strategies that you've done, that you've implemented to protect yourself, can you give us a little color around that? What do you mean by that, exactly?
John Degnan: Sure. On the errors and omissions aspect of our coverages, for years, we've been getting off investment banks, large commercial center banks, even large regional banks. It was a lesson we learned in the 2002 corporate abuses and it's an underwriting strategy that's been in place and implemented incrementally over a number of years. It's certainly paid us dividends in the credit crisis loss experience that we've incurred to date, and here's another instance where I think the underwriters did just a great job of minimizing our exposure to an emerging risk.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: John, congratulations on your next role in semi-retirement at least at this point. Can we talk a little bit about succession, John? With the announcement today, it looks like it was driven by John's plans to retire, but it also sets up a potential succession right here. So can you talk about that please?
John Degnan: Well, what we will have is certainly a number of strong internal candidates for my job eventually. However, our mandatory retirement doesn't kick in to be applicable to me until 2014. So we have a ways to go and a good amount of time to assess all the people in their new roles.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And then more broadly, can you talk about the underlying assumption you have embedded for loss cost inflation? Clearly, we've been in a somewhat deflationary environment with very favorable frequency trends and the concern is once that reverses, what could that mean for reserve adequacy?
John Degnan: Well, as you know, Jay, we watch very closely for signs of predictive inflation in loss costs. We're not yet seeing any alarming trends. But typically, we'd expect loss cost particularly in casualty classes to increase in the mid-single digits annually, driven principally by medical and judicial factors. At least for now, those strengths are stable and they're offset to some degree in our experience by lower frequency, at least in some cases like auto. But other than the potential impact of healthcare reform, which is at best uncertain, we don't see current indications of the increased claim inflation in the future. And one thing to bear in mind with respect to Chubb is that some of the tort cost pressure, or the inflationary pressure on loss costs, principally relate to the potential for medical inflation. And because we're not big in lines of business that are affected by that, like comp or auto personal liability, they tend to have a more modest impact on us. But we watch them closely.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: In your last call, John, you talked a little bit about what you thought was a little bit crazy market activity in Professional Liability, where some of your competitors weren't assessing the risk properly. There was no comment about the marketplace specifically in that line today. Have things stabilized or do you let your comments from last quarter stand?
John Degnan: I think unfortunately, things are at least as, and perhaps even a little more, competitive than Professional Liability in the third quarter. For most of the Professional Liability product lines, pricing's held up generally to the levels we expected, but there are really two exceptions. One is financial institutions D&O, which is falling off quicker than we anticipated, and there's also non-financial public D&O, which has taken a rather significant turn downwards. Now we have a strategy in place to deal with that. We, in May, introduced a new endorsement to our public D&O product, which has been extremely well received in the marketplace and has helped us, without an appreciable or significant increase in our risk or exposure, to either reduce prices less on renewal or on occasion to eke out a little bit of price for the increased exposure we're given. But it's extremely competitive.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I mean, overall specialty rates that you gave weren't that disheartening. So is it being made up elsewhere or it's just not working its way through your book?
John Degnan: Again, I gave you overall rates. I was just pointing out the two particular lines which are problematic and the rates in public D&O are not to our level of satisfaction.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So it's not impacting your total book as far as the overall rates that you're achieving in that?
John Finnegan: No, and we've got very healthy retention at the same time. I think that goes to Chubb's value proposition in this line of business. I mean, if there is a place where you can continue to sell value added, it still exists to a better degree in these lines of business than it does in the more traditional, commoditized property and casualty lines.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: I was hoping you could touch upon the competitive environment in the high net worth Personalized business. And maybe just sort of confirm or deny things that I've heard -- there's obviously some new entrances like an ace, I've been told some of the regionals like Financial One want to get into it. And I've also heard that USAA is trying to get out. But I really can't see from all these moving pieces including maybe AIG's problems whether or not it's getting better or worse in that niche of the market?
John Finnegan: Yes, the competition is fairly healthy there. There's room for some of it. Virtually all of us, and certainly, we are cat constrained in some parts of the country and can't provide a total insurance solution for the demand there. Southeast Florida is the best example of that, but there are others as well. So there's room for competition in this market. There generally, in the past have been, last few years, three principal players Fireman's Fund, Chubb and AIG. Ace has come into the market more recently with high expectations and investing some money, and there are other carriers that are moving into the high net worth's Personal Lines area. We watch that closely,, but frankly, it's taken us a long time to build up the brand and franchise that we enjoy in this area and we think it's pretty unique in the business. Even Barron's pointed out not too long ago that Chubb is the leading choice of affluent Americans to protect their homes. We didn't do that overnight. We did it with inspecting 700,000 high net worth properties and we settled over a million claims or high net worth customers with unbelievably high satisfaction ratings. Our claims responses to catastrophes is always rated the best in the industry. And we have the best network of producers in the world selling high net worth Personal Lines. They understand the product. They understand the appetite of the underwriters. They understand the importance of bonding a relationship with the customer by producing a company that's going to be around to pay the claims and not just pay them but pay them empathetically and timely. So as I said in the last call, we're not -- we're fierce competitors. We'll do what we have to do to preserve our position in the marketplace and to grow it, but we're not afraid of new entrants.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First, could you touch a little bit on, maybe John, on exposures? To the extent we see the economy keep moving forward, albeit slowly, what lines of business should we expect to benefit from exposure improvement the most? I guess, if you could just prioritize. And then I guess the other question, maybe for Ricky, on the expense ratio, which has been ticking up. Could you give us some color into what's happening with the acquisition expense ratio, specifically? And how that maybe is changing over the last year and what the outlook might be for that just in terms of acquisition costs generally?
John Finnegan: Are you talking about total commissions?
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes.
John Degnan: This is John Degnan. Let me start with your exposure question. In the third quarter, we did see continued reasons for optimism in our renewal exposure figures. Optimism is modest but it's -- we had only a slight exposure decline in the third quarter this year and CCI lines have been there, so it's minus one. But if you look at the second quarter this year, it was minus 1.5. The first quarter was minus 2.3. And so we're on the right trend line here. As we said last quarter, we think the overall economy is sort of bouncing along the bottom. So we're going to see modest increases in exposure opportunities in CCI lines of business. Typically, we look for them in payrolls or workers comp, sales levels for general liability contracts, the level of shipments for marine policies and the retention amounts of the limits for Professional Liability contracts. We've also seen a flattening out in Personal Lines of the decrease we had seen in exposure over the last several quarters. There is a little less need on the part of our insureds to reduce their premiums. So fewer increases in deductibles and a bit more jewelry being bought and added on. And also builder's risk is, I should point out, is probably going to be the last line of business in which we would expect to see a significant exposure change, given what's going on in the economy.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I mean, the work comp to me would seem to have the greatest potential, but given that most people are calling for a very sluggish recovery in absolute employment, would that potentially maybe make the GL sensitivity or the Marine sensitivity greater than you might normally expect on a whole basis?
John Degnan: Remember in comp, given the decline in employment, principally last year there were significant decreases in exposure, which resulted in either audit premiums or return premiums on our part. Simply staying at the same level year-over-year or increasing modestly increases exposure in workers comp. So it may not be dramatic, but it does have an exposure growth impact. We perform pretty well in workers comp compared to the industry. AM Best pointed out recently that the industry combined ratio for comp had deteriorated from 104.6% in 2008 to 116% in 2010. Chubb's comparable numbers were 82.1% in 2008 and 92.1% in 2010. We generally performed 20 points better than the rest of the industry. So if exposure improves here, I hope we're going to be disproportionately advantaged.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And on the commissions?
John Finnegan: Let me talk about expenses. Quarterly expenses aren't linear. They tend to move around a little bit. For example, if you go back to the third quarter of last year, we expect about a point jump from the second quarter and then the fourth quarter went down a point. So in the third quarter this year, we're at 31.7%, 7.5 points from the third quarter of 2009. Obviously, to some extent, it reflects the impact of flat growth on our expenses, but also the effect of geographic and product mix on commissions. Our commissions are up some this quarter. We have more overseas growth than U.S. growth and our activities overseas have higher commissions. The product growth in businesses such as A&H, marine, valuable articles grew faster than the company averaged. Some of these lines have higher commissions than places like workers compensation, for example, which is a low commission base and which we didn't grow. So it's largely a mix issue both geographic and product mix.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But has less to do with maybe base commissions going up or changes in supplemental?
John Finnegan: Yes, that's de minimus.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: I think this question is probably for both Johns and Ricky to come together. I'm wondering what a Chubb investment portfolio looks like in a rising interest rate environment. And maybe, do you think about like go back to history books a little bit and think about the late 70s as a roadmap. I don't know. You can answer any way you want. But I'm trying to figure that out myself.
John Finnegan: We were sitting around worrying about the declining interest rate environment, Josh.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: So far, it's been working out just fine.
Richard Spiro: Josh, it's Ricky. I think I'll take a shot at it and John can comment. We've been in this business for a long time and we have seen all kinds of different interest rate cycles, high interest rates, low interest rates. And if you round all those cycles, our investment portfolio has performed extraordinarily well. In a rising interest rate environment, I would not expect us to dramatically change our investment strategy. We tend to be intermediate maturity investors in both the taxable and tax-exempt marketplace. The way we've structured our portfolio is it has laddered maturities so we have cash flows and maturities that we can reinvest. So as rates go up, well, obviously, our portfolio and everyone else's in the industry would be impacted by that from a valuation perspective of the portfolio. We'd be reinvesting at higher interest rates. So the short answer is, we like our strategy. It has served us well for a really long time and I would not expect us to make any dramatic changes should interest rates start to rise.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Would something need to happen to make equities more attractive investment? And does the NAIC have any thoughts on that matter?
Richard Spiro: Well, we have a certain amount of our portfolio already invested in equities. We have about a little bit more than $1 billion in public equities. We've got about $2 billion in alternative investments. The way we do that is there's a certain amount of our portfolio that we are comfortable investing in risk assets. Will you see that number go up periodically? Maybe. But you're not going to see it go up dramatically. I don't think we're ever going to go hog wild into equities.
John Finnegan: You should remember, too, that unlike a pension fund, on equities, if you're an insurance company, you incur a significantly higher capital charge than fixed income. So you not only have to learn more, you have to earn significantly more.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Cliff Gallant with KBW.
Cliff Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I want to follow up on workers comp, in terms of the claims side. Are you seeing any change in behavior in new claimants, particularly just with the ongoing economic weakness? But I also was curious about the 20 point difference you cited between yourself and the industry, and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about why you think that difference is so great?
John Degnan: I think it basically has to do with our different and distinct underwriting appetite in comp. We have always tended to be very selective in discipline. We were a very small player for a while and still not a huge player in the workers comp line overall, and a much smaller portion of our premium base comes from workers comp than is true in many of our competitors. We tend to shy away from the large manufacturing risks with high frequency and often high severity claims and tend to write in conjunction with our niche approach to GL and property, Specialty Lines of coverage and lawyers, and things of that nature where you just don't see the same frequency and severity. So for that reason, we haven't seen all that much change in the behavior of our claimants. We also, a couple of years initiated a very sophisticated predictive model for assessing our claims activities. It used to take us six months to identify a claim, which had the potential for soft fraud, at which point we put our best adjustor on it. It now takes us 17 days and it's coming down to lower than 17 days as the predictive model proves more successful. So we're managing our loss costs much more effectively, particularly in lost time, but also in medical, than we have in the past. The 20 point difference has been a historical one between us and the industry since we began to grow the line. But principally, it has to do with a different underwriting appetite.
John Finnegan: You should put in perspective if you compared us to the industry and overall combined ratio, you'd see a 10 to 15 point differential. So I mean, we do have a significant positive variance versus the industry. Overall, workers comp is a little higher.
John Degnan: And just to give you a couple of statistics, we think we have less than a 2% market share in comp. And for accident year 2009, we saw 5% decrease in frequency. We project for that year an 8% increase in severity.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Wanted to follow up on the capital management side. You guys, I guess, returned it seems $670 million in the quarter through buybacks and dividends. The net income was about $570 million or so, so there's $100 million difference and yet the holding company liquidity, I think Ricky said, was flat at $2.3 billion versus the second quarter. Wondering where the extra $100 million came from and if it did come up from the subs, then how much more is left to extract and what's the plan to do so over the next quarters and years?
Richard Spiro: I'm not sure I can book keep you to the numbers that you're citing. I mean, we do pull-up dividends from the operating company based on the statutory requirements. And there are other things that do flow through that holding company liquidity and cash flow lines like taxes and some other things. So it's kind of hard to book keep completely. What I could tell you, and I'm not going to project out what we're expecting to pull out from the operating companies as dividends, we continue to believe that we have significant excess capital at our operating companies, based on both our internal assessment and rating agency models. And while I'm not going to give any estimates on how big that is, because I think there are some differences between agencies and everyone has a different way of looking at it, we will continuously manage our capital that we think -- in a way we think is most efficient and that means if we don't have better opportunities on our operating businesses, that we'll continue to buy back stock, pay dividends and manage our capital as efficiently as we can.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I guess to follow up on that, I'm still operating under the assumption that $1 billion is your target level at the holding company and again, you're at $2.3 billion, so there's another, call it $1.3 billion at the holding company that is in excess of what your target would be at. Is that correct?
Richard Spiro: Yes. I mean, we've talked about it previously. We try to maintain at least $1 billion at the holding company. This is a level that we think is appropriate. I think the rating agencies would consider that appropriate as well. And at the moment, yes. We have some excess at the holding company.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Last one is on dividends, is that on the table at the December board meeting as well? And how do you think about that?
Richard Spiro: Well, shareholder dividends are always a key component of our capital management strategy. As you probably know, we've increased our dividend in each of the past 27 years. That will be something that we will definitely be talking to the board about. We look at a variety of factors when we try to determine our strategy and what's the best way to distribute our excess capital. Things we think about are our capital position and earnings, prevailing insurance market environment, other portfolio investment opportunity cost, the tax environment among others, and all I can tell you is we are committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders and dividends are a very important part of that strategy.
John Finnegan: We obviously take dividend actions at quarterly meetings, but in recent years, dividend increases have been acted upon at the February meeting of the year. So just put that in some historical context.
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: John, you mentioned an endorsement that you put in place. I think it was in May, in the Professional Liability or D&O business. Can you tell us what that endorsement was?
John Finnegan: Yes. I can. It's pretty technical, and I don't think you want as much detail as I could give you, but we were detecting an increasing concern from our client base of directors and officers that related to regulatory investigations and to adversarial positions taken by the Corporation against its own directors and officers. So we set out to upgrade the product to respond to those emerging concerns and launched some new policy language. The features are new, Jay, but they don't in our estimation significantly increase our risk or exposure to loss. They do provide responses to current day issues that are affecting our insured persons and they've been a very effective instrument in the marketplace. Some examples, the pollution exclusion, it used to exist in the D&O policy, is deleted and the insured versus insurer exclusion, which basically said we wouldn't cover a claim that was brought by one insured against another insured, well, frankly, the court cases were coming down against us. We were beginning to lose out to the competition by insisting on an exclusion that we knew the courts wouldn't enforce and that's not a position Chubb ever wants to be in with its insured. So we gave that up. And I guess, it's looked at by the market favorably, but by us, in assessing our loss exposure, really there's not much impact because we weren't getting the benefit of the exclusion in the first place. I'd give you more examples, if you're interested, but...
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Second question is on the investment income, which seems to be defying gravity. We obviously, we know what's happening with interest rates yet your investment income has been remarkably stable. Your yields look remarkably stable. I'm wondering, it doesn't appear you're making big changes there, at least from an asset allocation standpoint, but how are you able to achieve that? And I guess related to that, if rates stay where they are, what kind of impact should we expect to see in 2011?
Richard Spiro: Let me try to answer those two questions. In terms of our investment income looking relatively stable, nothing magical there. It's a combination of the portfolio's getting a little bit bigger. We're not doing anything different so there are a few things that flow through the line items. So there's nothing I can point out that would suggest anything out of the ordinary. As we go forward and if interest rates continue to remain low, obviously, we'll have some issues on the reinvestment side. If you go to our 10-K, we have the maturity schedule for our investment portfolio. And what you'll see, if you look at that, is we've got about $13 billion of investments in our fixed maturity portfolio that mature over the next call it three years. About $3 billion of that comes in in 2011, about a little north of $4 billion in 2012 and 5 or plus billion in 2013. If you'll think about it, if rates stayed exactly where they are today and nothing else were to happened, the new money reinvestment rates compared to the maturing book yields, we're probably somewhere in the range of 125 to 150 basis points less. So you can do the math on what would happen to investment income over the next few years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll hear from Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: First for Mr. Degnan, I think you're overdue for retirement if you've gone to the point where you enjoy doing these conference calls with us. I can't remember how big your EPL book is, but there's been a number of stories out there about EPL pressure picking up just from a sort of lagging in layoffs and I think there's also been some, I can't remember if there was court cases or a government decision at the EEOC, but is that a concern at all?
John Degnan: We are seeing some increased frequency in the EPL line. It's driven essentially by economic conditions. The longer the economy stays bad and the unemployment rates stays in the neighborhood of 10%, the longer it takes somebody who has been terminated to find another job and then mitigate the damages. So we also have seen some tendency to increase the severity there. That said though, what we call the first notices losses are actually flat in 2010, which we see as an encouraging leading indicator for future new arise count trends. The EEOC, to your point, I think has gotten more liberal in signing off on authorizations to sue. So we're seeing -- I think that's also driving some of the increased activity. There is a sort of public policy bent in this administration, which is not favorable for this line of business, but so far the Supreme Court is maintaining stability on the decision. So it's a source of, it causes us to watch it closely, but right now we're not overly concerned about it.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then Ricky, I just wanted to follow up on the capital stuff in a different way, I guess. Without trying to get too specific and trying to back in the numbers on you, but how should we think about the traditional ratios that we use that admittedly aren't perfect, like premium to surplus, reserve to surplus have come down a lot over the last five years. Is there a natural change in the book that I'm missing that is driving part of that? Or is there no reason that you can't get back up to closer to the levels of an '06 or '07 over time if you wanted to?
Richard Spiro: What were the levels in '06 and '07? I forgot.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Premium at surplus you're over 1x, on staff surplus you're over 1x in '06, you're at 90% in '07, last year you're at 75-ish. It looks like it will be about the same, mid-to-high 70s this year. And the reserves to surplus is a similar trend in the other way.
Richard Spiro: We certainly can't get back to levels we were from before that, but I don't sense there's any reason why our premiums to surplus can't rise and won't rise with our share buyback program over the next few years. Now, one of the things is our premium yield. It's been a slow growth industry. So premiums haven't been quite as high as what one might expect. But no, I mean, this isn't the target rate for us at 0.75%. That's why we have a big buyback program underway.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I'm was trying to make sure I'm wasn't something underneath the covers there. And I guess related to that, as the leverage has come down, when I look at your ROE on an accident year basis, it looks like you're going to be right around 10%, let's say, if I normalize the cats, and that's with portfolio yield. If I put on new money, it's probably less, it's probably into the high single digits. And again, it seems like part of that is the leverage coming down and part of that is NAI pressure and maybe more pressure going forward. How do you think about what the target ROE is going forward, especially given where interest rates are?
Richard Spiro: Sure, and obviously we know there's been a lot of discussion on this topic recently. As we've stated in the past, our goal is to achieve a return on equity of inflation, plus 10% over the life of the cycle. That's going to imply that we would expect to outperform that target in hard markets, possibly underperform it a little bit in soft markets, but our historical results have tracked very well with this objective throughout past cycles. And at this time, we do not see a need to change our target. When you look at our accident year returns, and you quoted certain numbers, I think our view is it's probably a little bit higher than the number you suggested. But we still think we're making attractive returns and with our x cat accident year combined ratio through nine months of 90.1% for the first nine months, which we think is going to be among the best of any of the other insurers, we like where we're sitting at the moment.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And is there any ability to -- I can't remember, I don't have the schedule in front of me, do you have any debt maturities coming up in the next two or three years that you can sort of prefund to take advantage of the lower rates? I mean, to be honest, some of your peers have made the argument that there's a low-cost to capital today and, therefore, that these lower returns are maybe more acceptable. And I guess I struggle with that answer because if you're all locked into your higher cost of debt because you can't refinance, and it's kind of a mythical thing, right? So do you have the ability to take advantage of these lower rates and either take up the debt to cap or prefund some of your coming maturities?
Richard Spiro: A lot of questions in there, so I'll try to touch on all of them. We do have one debt maturity in November of 2011, which I think is about $400 million. And then I think the following year, we've got another $225 million. Obviously, as we look at where interest rates are today, refinancing and putting on lower coupon debt makes a lot of sense. The problem is, when you have higher coupon debt sitting on your balance sheet, trying to get it off your balance sheet is not inexpensive. And to have two pieces of debt and carrying double costs may not necessarily make sense either. So while we'd love to take advantage of the low interest rate environment that we see today, it's not that simple. We're comfortable with where our leverage is where we sit today. Could we probably add a little bit more? Maybe. But we think we're fine where we are. And so we would love to be able to issue at these rates, but we don't really have a use of the proceeds. In terms of the cost of capital, that's an interesting question. Clearly, the cost of debt is lower today given where interest rates are, and that accounts for less than 20% of our capital structure. I guess, I'm not yet convinced that the cost of equity though is meaningfully lower when we think about our overall cost of capital. There's continued uncertainty in the capital markets. There's concerns over the economy. There's unprecedented government stimulus, all of which have made what is a very difficult task in terms of calculating the cost of capital even more difficult. And while treasury rates are at historic low levels, betas are higher due to increased volatility, and one could then argue that risk averse investors now require a higher market risk premium. So in the end, I'm not sure that the cost of equity capital for the industry is that much lower today than in the past. But we will see how markets progress.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: It sort of presents a bit of a conundrum, right, where if your ROE goal is inflation plus 10, and we're in a close to zero inflation environment, but your cost of equity capital is high, 10 or 11 ROE might meet your target, but be unattractive to equity holders.
Richard Spiro: Fair enough. But also bear in mind, when you're looking surely at an accident year ROE kind of number, variable development and that sort of thing, which doesn't play into that calculation, if you look at our results over the last five, six years, we've obviously been pretty good. And so when I think when you're thinking about us and comparing companies within the industry, you've got to think about those initial accident year picks and reserves and we think we've stacked up pretty well. Just one thing. I said $225 million for the maturity in 2013. It's actually $275 million.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And that is all the questions we have at this time. Sir, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
John Finnegan: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Finnegan - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Chairman of Finance Committee Richard Spiro - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Degnan - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Cliff Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Chubb Corporation's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appear in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the second quarter 2010, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com.  Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through August 20, 2010. Those listening after July 22, 2010, should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thank you. And thanks for joining us. We are very pleased to report excellent results for the second quarter and the first half, notwithstanding substantially higher-than-expected catastrophe losses in both quarters.  Operating income per share for the second quarter was $1.41, despite $0.38 of cats [catastrophes]. That compares to $1.49 in last year's second quarter when the impact of cats was only $0.08. The second quarter combined ratio in 2010 was a very strong 90.4%, even including 6.9 points of cats, our highest second quarter cat impact ever. The x cat combined ratio for the quarter was 83.5%, nearly a point better than last year's second quarter. For the first six months, operating income per share was $2.54 and the combined ratio of 92%, which is exceptionally good considering it included 9.6 points of cats. The six-month x cat combined ratio of 82.4% was nearly 3.5 points better than the first half of last year. In addition, our investment portfolio continued to perform extremely well. During the second quarter, it produced a net realized capital gain before tax of $90 million. At June 30, our net unrealized appreciation before tax stood at $1.9 billion, which is an increase of $88 million over March 31. The effect of these investment on operating results was a reported book value per share of $49.39 at June 30, 2010, a 19% increase compared to a year ago.  Our excellent capital position enabled us to substantially increase our share repurchase program in order to take advantage of the attractive opportunity in the market to acquire our own shares. Ricky will talk more about the buyback program in his remarks.  As you will recall, last January, we provided 2010 operating income guidance of $5.15 to $5.55 per share, based in part at an assumption of three points of cats for the year. Substantially higher-than-expected cats in the first half have led us to change that assumption to seven points of cats for the full year. Nonetheless, we are affirming our January earnings guidance based on our excellent x cat results year-to-date and our outlook for the second half of the year. I will elaborate on our updated guidance in my closing remarks.  Let me turn it over now to John Degnan, who will talk about our operating results.
John Degnan: Thanks, John. I'm going to begin with a review of the individual business units for the second quarter. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 5%, led by strong growth outside the U.S. About half that growth was attributable to currency fluctuation, and CPI produced the combined ratio of 92.9% compared to 84.2% last year. Cat losses for CPI were 13.8 points in the second quarter of 2010 compared to only 3.2 points a year earlier. So excluding the cat impact, CPI's combined ratio improved nearly two points to 79.1% from 81%.  Homeowners premiums were up 2%, and the combined ratio was 94.5%, including 20.3 points of cats. Our Personal Auto premiums were up 14% with a combined ratio of 90.2%. In Other Personal lines, which includes the Accident business, premiums increased 9%, and the combined ratio was 90.5%. Premiums for both Personal Auto and Accident reflect strong growth outside the U.S. and the positive effect of currency. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, premiums were flat. It was the first time since the first quarter of 2008 that CCI's reported premiums did not decline. The combined ratio was 92.9% compared to last year's 89.2%, but CCI's second quarter included a 5.6 point impact of cats compared with only 1.2 points in 2009. So excluding the cat impact, CCI's combined ratio for the quarter improved to 87.3% from 88% last year. CCI retained 86% of the U.S. premiums that came up for renewal, and the ratio of new-to-lost business was 1.3:1. Both the retention and that new-to-lost ratio improved compared to the year ago second quarter, as well as compared to this year's first quarter. Average U.S. renewal rates were flat.  At Chubb Specialty, net written premiums were flat, and the combined ratio improved to 82.5% from 83.9% in the second quarter of 2009. Premiums for Professional Liability were also flat, and the combined ratio was 87.2% compared to 90.1% in last year's second quarter. Average U.S. renewal rates for Professional Liability were down 3%. Renewal retention in the U.S. improved to 86% and the ratio of new-to-lost business was 1:1. For Surety, net written premiums were down 2%. Profitability was strong with a combined ratio of 47.7% for the quarter.  So now I'll move on to a few comments on the overall market environment. Based on our experience, the marketplace seems analogous to A Tale of Two Cities. On the one hand, there are indications that the impact of the economy on the market, as seen in exposures, endorsements and audit adjustments, may be improving from its low point. On the other hand, the marketplace also seems more competitive. We believe that our consistently solid execution is enabling Chubb to perform effectively in this challenging market, as evidenced by our overall financial results.  In Commercial lines, our experience suggests a reason for optimism about the impact of the economy on the marketplace. For example, our Commercial renewal exposure bases, while still down slightly, are improving significantly. Common examples of those renewal exposure bases include payrolls for workers' comp policies, sales for general liability contracts and shipments from Marine policies. In the second quarter, CCI had only a slight renewal exposure decline of one point in the U.S. This is the smallest quarterly decrease we've experienced since the fourth quarter of 2008 and is an improvement over the 3% decline in the second quarter of 2009. Even more encouraging, CCI actually had a slightly positive renewal exposure change in the month of June, the first time since October 2008.  Likewise, midterm policy endorsement activity, which is another measure of exposure change, picked up nicely in the quarter. Yielding nearly twice as much additional premium as in the second quarter of 2009. While endorsement activity hasn't yet reached historical levels, it's encouraging to see some customers, at least, adding new exposure units through activity such as acquiring machinery and equipment. As I mentioned, the new-to-lost business ratio in the U.S. was 1.3:1 in the second quarter for CCI. That was another bright spot and an improvement over past quarters. The uptick was aided by very strong renewal retention of 86% and by writing more targeted prospects in proven niches.  We were particularly pleased last quarter to win back some customers who left us over the past few years for cheaper pricing. Not surprisingly, some of those win-backs had experienced poor service after leaving us. Others returned as they discovered their premiums were eventually increased back to levels comparable to what we had been charging.  At CPI, we're also seeing positive trends and exposures. So endorsement activity was positive for the first time since the third quarter of 2008. While here, too, the level of endorsement activity isn't yet near its historical level, we are encouraged to see it adding to growth. The rate environment in CPI continue to be relatively stable. Obviously, we have not yet seen whether most of our competitors are experiencing similar exposure on premium trends. To the extent they are, it would be encouraging about the overall marketplace. To the extent they're not, it would be encouraging about our relative performance.  While there are indications that the negative impact of economic conditions on premium growth may be abating, we are being adversely affected by the negative movement of rates due to the highly competitive environment. For example, U.S. renewal rates for CCI were flat, versus up 1% in the previous quarter and up 2% in the second quarter of 2009. Increased competitive pressure is constraining our ability to maintain the rate increases that we were seeing in 2009. Terms and conditions also came under pressure in certain lines of business such as large property accounts. For example, we saw several competitors offer double and even triple the limits for flood and earthquake risks without any increase in premium. Surprisingly, we saw this erosion in terms and conditions even for some customers with large exposures and known flood and quake zones. As our results confirm, we are navigating these issues successfully by adhering to our traditional underwriting diligence and discipline. Turning to CSI. The good news is that second quarter renewal retention in Professional Liability increased in the U.S. by three points to 86%, helping to drive our new-to-lost business ratio to 1:1 from 0.9:1 in last year's second quarter. The CCI team is doing an excellent job of retaining its best customers and carefully pricing exposures.  CSI's renewal exposure base and endorsement activity were steady with previous quarters. Unfortunately, as we have seen with respect to rates in CCI, Professional Liability renewal rates in the U.S., which had shown signs of improving last year, were down 3% versus down 1% in the previous quarter and up 4% in the second quarter of 2009. That rate decline was led by public D&O, which was our most challenging line in the second quarter. We suspect that the highly competitive public D&O market is being fueled by relatively new entrants and by their overreliance on some recent positive claim indications. We also believe that market participants now view the credit crisis as being over and expect significantly improved loss experience, especially in non-financial public D&O. The fact is, as I will explain in a minute, the first half of 2010 has been a very favorable period, particularly in terms of the level of new securities class action. However, we do not believe that these developments fully support the very aggressive price quotes we continue to see in the public D&O market. The bottom line is that we suspect some competitors are pricing these long-tail lines too aggressively. While recent loss experience maybe good, Professional Liability losses are not linear, and systemic events can arise quickly and unexpectedly. Some of the pricing we see in the market today suggest the illusion that the more favorable loss environment will last forever and seems to make no provision for the risks inherent in this business.  In the face of these pressures, Chubb is using our decades of experience in data to carefully choose which customers we write and where best to position ourselves on their programs. Fortunately, our CSI book is very diversified and the private and not-for-profit D&O segments, E&O, EPL, fiduciary crime and financial fidelity lines did not experience the same level of price pressure as public D&O.  So developments in the marketplace during the second quarter have been decidedly a mixed bag. While we are seeing some movements in exposure trends, premium growth and retention, which may indicate the downward pressure of economic conditions could be abating, we still see a very competitive marketplace in which the mildly positive rate trends we saw for several quarters have deteriorated, and the soft market continues.  Now let me offer just a few thoughts in credit crisis claims. The evidence continues to mount that insofar as credit crisis losses are concerned, we are appropriately reserved in the accident years in which the claims have been made. Across all impacted lines, new credit crisis claim activity has dwindled since the beginning of the year, and those few claims we have received typically involve insureds who have reported earlier claims, and as a result, do not even implicate fresh limits.  Given what we've seen over the past few quarters, we're nearing the point where we believe that the credit crisis as a source of new claims exposure is coming to an end. In addition, dismissal rates of credit crisis D&O cases continue to run in excess of 50%, and they're beginning to be upheld by the circuit courts of appeal. Those decisions reflect the heightened pleading standards I referred to in previous calls under cases like Tellabs and Dura. And the fact that the losses behind much of the credit crisis activity were driven by extraordinary market events rather than distinct corporate conduct appears to have made it more difficult for plaintiffs' attorneys to meet the threshold for pleading securities fraud in those cases. Many cases remain to be decided, of course, and a number of dismissals are still on appeal. But overall, these developments give us added comfort in the approach we've taken to these claims from the outset of the crisis.  Similarly, on the E&O side, the factors that I've discussed previously as mitigating our credit crisis exposures still apply. In particular, the rating agencies, which have been a major target of the more recent E&O claims activity, continue to have considerable success in obtaining dismissals of the claims asserted against them, particularly in those cases in which plaintiffs have attempted to hold them liable as underwriters of the securities that they were involved in rating or structuring.  And finally in the fiduciary lines. Once again, we saw no new credit crisis claims this past quarter. We are managing those claims we have, and we continue to believe that such fiduciary claims present less exposure than either D&O or E&O claims.  Before I conclude, let me comment on our cat losses this quarter. They were driven by a series of storms throughout the United States. The largest of which for us was a May hailstorm in Oklahoma, which accounted for about half of our second quarter cat losses. About 35% of those losses were in Commercial Lines, attributable mostly to a few large losses and about 65% in Personal Lines.  With that, I'll turn it over to Ricky.
Richard Spiro: Thanks, John. As usual, I will review our financial results for the quarter. I will also provide commentary on our international investment portfolio and our capital management efforts.  Overall, as you've heard, we are very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, and we continue to have excellent capital and liquidity positions. Looking first at our second quarter operating results, we had solid underwriting income of $263 million despite another relatively heavy cat quarter for the industry and for Chubb.  Property and casualty investment income after tax was essentially flat at $311 million. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter, due to net realized investment gains before tax of $90 million or $0.18 per share after tax, including $86 million in net gains before tax on our alternative investments portfolio.  As a reminder, we account for our alternative investments on a one quarter lag, and we include the changes in the net equity of our alternative investments and net realized gains and losses. Accordingly, the net realized gains that we reported in the second quarter reflected the strong performance of equity markets in the first quarter. Conversely, the impact on our alternative investment of the subsequent decline in the equity markets during the second quarter will be reflected in our results in the third quarter.  Unrealized depreciation before tax at June 30, 2010, increased to $1.9 billion from $1.8 billion at the end of the first quarter and $1.6 billion at year end 2009.  Turning to our investment portfolio. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42 billion as of June 30, 2010, compared to $42.3 billion at the end of the first quarter. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is four years, and the average credit rating is Aa2. In light of the continued volatility in global financial markets, we thought that you would appreciate some details about our international investment portfolio, which represented 22% of our total invested assets as of June 30. Our international investment portfolio totaled $9.2 billion, of which $9.1 billion was invested in high-quality fixed maturity securities and short-term investments. The international fixed maturity portfolio has an average credit rating of Aa1 and is heavily concentrated in AAA-rated sovereigns and supranationals. Our five largest sovereign exposures, which account for 45% of our total international investment portfolio, are Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany and France. We have no direct exposure to Greece, minimal exposure to Portugal and our total exposure to the so-called PIGS [Portugal, Italy, Greece, Spain] is approximately 5% of our international investment portfolio and 1% of our total invested assets.  We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At June 30, 2010, our holding company portfolio had $2.3 billion of investments, including $760 million of short-term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at June 30 was $49.39 compared to $47.09 at year-end 2009 and $41.45 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available-for-sale fixed maturities at amortized costs was $45.61, compared to $44.37 at 2009 year end and $40.41 a year ago.  As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the second quarter of 2010 on prior-year reserves by SBU [strategic business units] as follows: In CPI, we had about $55 million; CCI also had about $55 million; CSI had about $70 million; and Reinsurance Assumed had essentially none. That brings our total favorable development to about $180 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the second quarter combined ratio of about 6.5 points overall.  For comparison, in the second quarter of 2009, we had about $210 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $20 million in CPI, $90 million in CCI, $85 million in CSI and $15 million in Reinsurance Assumed. The favorable impact on a combined ratio in the second quarter of '09 was about 7.5 points.  During the second quarter of 2010, our loss reserves decreased by $176 million to $20.9 billion. Reserves on our Reinsurance Assumed business, which is now in runoff, declined by $27 million. Reserves in the Insurance business decreased by $149 million during the quarter, and the impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of $150 million. Turning to capital management. We continue to be very active buying back our shares. During the second quarter, we repurchased 12.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $636 million or an average cost of $51.14 per share. For the first six months, our repurchases totaled about $980 million with an average cost of $50.54 per share. In June, our board authorized an increase of 14 million shares to our existing share repurchase program. Including these new shares, we had 16.8 million shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization at the end of the quarter.  As we have said previously, we are in a very strong capital position, and we also believe that this is an opportune time to acquire our shares at a very attractive valuation. The pace of the buyback will depend on overall market conditions and the potential opportunities for profitable growth in the P&C insurance market. However, should conditions remain relatively stable, we would expect to complete the increased program by year-end 2010. This increased size and pace of our share repurchase program would add approximately $0.08 to our 2010 operating income per share and is incorporated in our updated earnings guidance.  And now I'll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John Finnegan: As you've heard, Chubb has performed extremely well in the second quarter and for six months. Some of the highlights were: Six-month operating income per share of $2.54; excellent performance in the sixth year of a soft market, especially in the face of almost 10 points of catastrophe losses; terrific x cat combined ratios of 83.5% for the second quarter and 82.4% for the first half, this was one point better than the second quarter of last year and about 3.5 points better than the first half of 2009; excellent renewal retention in the second quarter for all SPUs; an increase in book value per share to $49.39, which is 19% higher than a year ago; and a strong capital position, which we expect will enable us to complete our increased share repurchase program by year end, while still leaving us sufficient capital to take advantage of any significant upturn in the insurance market.  Based on our results for the first half and our outlook for the rest of the year, we are affirming our guidance for operating income per share in the range of $5.15 to $5.55 for the full year. This includes a four-point increase in our cat assumption from three points to seven points, which results in a negative impact of $0.90 per share versus our initial guidance for the calendar year.  The fact that we're able to affirm our January earnings guidance despite such a substantial increase in the cat assumption highlights the strength of our underlying performance. Although our operating income per share guidance for 2010 has not changed, some of the underlying assumptions have. We expect net written premiums that are approximately flat for the full year, including the benefit from currency of about one point. The January 2010 guidance assume net written premiums that will be flat to down 2%, including a two-point positive impact of currency.  Based on our actual catastrophe losses of 9.6 points in the first half, we have revised our cat assumption for the full year to seven points, which implies about four to 4.5 points of cat losses in the second half. For those who would like to make a higher or lower cat assumption, the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe losses on operating from per share for the full year is approximately $0.22.  For our 2010 combined ratio, we expect a range of 90% to 92%, unchanged from the January guidance assumption. The assumption is based on revised combined ratio ranges of 94% to 96% for CPI, 93% to 95% for CCI and 82% to 84% for CSI. We expect property and casualty investment income after tax to decline approximately 1% compared to an assumption of flat in the January guidance. Finally, our operating income per share guidance is based on an assumption of 321 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year compared to the 328 million shares assumed in our earlier guidance.  In closing, as I've said in other occasions, we continue to manage the company for our shareholders and the way we achieve shareholder value by underwriting prudently, investing conservatively, actively managing our capital and providing products and services to our customers and producers that are unmatched in the marketplace. We've demonstrated that we can execute on the both favorable and unfavorable market conditions, and we're confident in our continued ability to produce superior results by adapting to economic and industry developments. And with that, we'll open it to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess the question directs towards John Degnan, but anyone can really answer. I was watching the congressional hearings last week, and there was this argument about the extent to which the Neal Bill might or might not increase some premium costs. And then, I talked to myself, well, maybe this would spur improved price in the market. I'm wondering if you can talk about what you guys think the impact of a change in the taxation persuasion would have on the industry in general in terms of whether you could get premium increases out of that.
John Degnan: Actually, Josh, I don't think that the $17 billion over 10 years or roughly $2 billion a year in increased access to the reinsurance companies would influence the market at all. First of all, the reinsurers are probably not going to be able to pass that along to their primary insurers. There are alternatives in the marketplace today to reinsurance. The reinsurance market is highly competitive, and frankly, it's a bogeyman that they've created that they could pass this along in premiums. I'd like to see them try it, do it to us. So I think they created an argument for their political purposes that is just flat out wrong and placed the fears. So it'd be pretty inconsistent for me to say that that's going to be a market-changing event. There's no way that's going to influence or change the market.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: It would increase your competitive position. A lot of things that you write would be more competitively priced I guess though.
John Degnan: It certainly puts us on a level playing field in terms of competition because the carriers that reinsure to their affiliated companies avoid taxation and have an effective tax rate that's several points lower than ours. So I don't think it will change the market, but it will take the competitive disadvantage away from domestic companies that we now face based on a loophole in the tax law.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: In terms of the extent to which there would be any impact on your P&L or balance sheet from such a change?
John Degnan: I just think it puts us in a better position in the marketplace to compete fairly. So it may improve our results. I don't think it's going to affect the hardening or softening of the market trend.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you think you'd win more business or do you think the market would become less competitive?
John Degnan: Let me put it this way, they try to pass along the tax increase in prices where we get launched [ph].
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: The first question is on the Accident area, combined ratio, the decline versus the year ago in standard commercial. If you could give us a sense as to why that is happening?
John Finnegan: So we're looking at about, I guess, at Accident area, cat declined a little bit less than two points, which is consistent, I guess, with the first quarter. I think the story is the same as in the first quarter. The fact is that in lumpy classes like Property, we have just had some very good experience in the first two quarters of this year. Can't attribute it to anything, it comes and goes in Homeowners too. Property is aligned in which you're basically booking what your losses and what your claims are, and we've had very favorable experience these two quarters. That doesn't mean it's going to continue to be just as good for the next two quarters. It comes and it goes. I mean, it's certainly a profitable line of business for us over the longer run. We think we can write it well. We underwrite it well. It's disciplined. We get reasonable rates for it. But the difference from quarter-to-quarter just depends on the losses that we experienced during that quarter. And I think we said last time, like in the first quarter, second quarter, we had just a very favorable loss experience.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: And since pricing is flat versus lost cost, and they're increasing, should we expect some amount of deterioration in the combined ratio going forward?
John Finnegan: Well, let's say it, a couple of things -- are you talking about commercial specifically?
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes, and also the other lines.
John Finnegan: Well, I would say this, that if rates stay flat in Commercial business over time, lost costs tend to rise so that you will see margin compression, and you've probably seen a little bit of margin compression in the Liability lines now, although picking and opening it to Liability is pretty tough in the early years. As far as Property, I suspect that, that will -- listen, I think all the lines have tempered a little bit by frequency. Frequency is down. Claims are down. But over time, you won't get around margin compression if you don't raise rates. Property, though, is a little bit different case because it's a lumpy line, it's more like to the experience we have on -- our performance we have in the third and fourth quarter on Property will relate a little bit more to the losses we experienced during that period, the fire losses we get and any sort of ongoing trend line. In the Specialty lines, obviously, the issue is in more systematic losses. What we're seeing is significant decline in claims, especially in the credit crisis in [indiscernible] area. The credit crisis appears to have tapered off, so that's obviously a positive on the accident year. And the accident year is much better on Specialty this year than it was last year.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: So would it be fair to assume that some part of your lower loss pick this year is because of lower frequency and severity of losses?
John Finnegan: When you talk about lower loss pick this year, a loss pick is probably more relevant to our Specialty and Long Tail lines, where we have to make an assessment without much data. And I would say that in Professional Liability, we're running 99 this year versus 102 last year. Last year was a third year of major credit crisis claims, so we had a big load in our accident year for potential credit crisis claims. We're not seeing anything like that this year. We're seeing really an abatement of credit crisis claim, so we don't have as big a cap load in Specialty. In the Property classes and the Short Tail lines, those lines tend to be more influenced by claims activity and losses, actual experience not so much as a pick, and we've just had a much better experience in the first two quarters of this year than last. But to put this in some perspective, let me close this out, in our guidance, we are assuming about a three-point to four-point deterioration in our accident year x cat performance during the second half of the year, because we think we've been unduly lucky perhaps in the first half, and the numbers have just been great. So we expect a little bit more reversion to the 2009 x cat level. So we're not expecting extrapolating a continued performance at this very, very high level, still expecting a very good performance but somewhat worse in the second half than we've got in the first half.
Vinay Misquith - Crédit Suisse AG: On the Professional Liability side, you mentioned that combination is increasing. Could you help me understand your new-to-lost ratio of 1:1? Should we expect that to deteriorate if you're being more disciplined in your new business?
John Finnegan: Well, I think what you're seeing in the Professional Liability line is higher retentions all around, and you're certainly seeing that in CSI. I think we've been able to retain our good business. And when you look at retention, retention is one side of the coin and new-to-lost. We've lost a lot less business. So at 1:1, 1:1 at an 87 retention isn't the same as 1:1 at an 83 retention in terms of the business. We're probably writing a little bit less new business now, but we're able to retain more business.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: On the buyback, I just wanted to make sure I understand it, Chubb's saying they'll buy back the remaining $16.7 million share repurchase authorization the second half?
Richard Spiro: Jay, it's Ricky. It's our intent to buy back the 16.8 million shares still outstanding under the share repurchase program as of the end of June. But should market conditions remain stable, we would hope that we'd be able to complete that by the end of the year.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And then on the Corporate line, which was I think about $40 million of expense in the second quarter, it's been running in the high 50s to low 60s on a quarterly basis. Why was it lower in the second quarter? And then, what's the right run rate going forward?
Richard Spiro: I think the second quarter, it had one unusual item. We received about $20 million special cash dividend related to an equity investment that we held at the holding company. And so that's why you saw that change. So I think the historical numbers would probably more indicative of what you'll be seeing going forward as opposed to what you saw on the second quarter.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And then, John, you were talking about sort of the hem and haw between exposure, growth not being as much of a drag but pricing potentially getting worse. As the economy recovers and premium charges potentially go up for customers, how much pushback do you think you could get on the ability to raise prices?
John Degnan: We have very good producers. They're price-focused and value-focused for their customers, both in soft markets and hard markets. So I don't think there's a correlation between increased exposures and our ability or inability to get rate. Our buyers are sophisticated. They understand that they're paying based on a rate on line for what they're buying. So to the extent the exposures go up, it doesn't necessarily make it more or less difficult for us to get rate. That's going to be more determined, frankly, by whether sanity returns to the marketplace and competitors stop being irresponsible.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: John, I was wondering if you could talk maybe a little bit about, well, either John, about whether or not with exposures now picking up, there's any risk that we start to see some of the frequency benefits we've seen as of late revert. And I guess, is that part of the thinking in your more conservative view on the back half in terms of the accident year?
John Finnegan: Let me say this on exposures picking up. Let me clarify that a little. This is -- what we see all the time here are measurements of the quarters year back and a year here. When we say exposures picking up -- the fact is, exposure was down one in the second quarter this year, so we're not talking about buoyant exposure. It's just that it was negative three or so in the second quarter of last year. So exposure in the second quarter of 2009 was effectively defined by what happened between the second quarter of 2008 and 2009, which was very negative. Between 2009 and 2010, things have stabilized somewhat. So unemployment has stayed pretty much the same. It hasn't improved, and I think that's just generally true. Same with premium adjustments. I mean, you're measuring against the change that occurred a year ago, so the improvement is an improvement, but it doesn't mean that things are actually going up. It's still, right now, we're still about flat on exposure, maybe we're up plus one in June, so it's not that buoyant yet.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: What if we took a longer view then of just the next six to 12 months, and we get to back to kind of a more normal economic environment?
John Finnegan: Well, I think that frequency is a fact function of a lot of factors, to the extent that exposure increases one or two points, I don't think it's going to be a big driver of frequency. There's a lot of other things driving frequency, some of which we, frankly, you don't understand from period-to-period. But I can imagine it's going to be anything in terms of exposure increase in the near term significant enough to, by itself, have much of an impact on frequency.
John Degnan: Some evidence of that is, probably, the fact that new arise accounts are down almost across the board in all lines of business, irrespective of whether exposure is changing or not. But I agree with John, while there may be some inevitable impact, there isn't a direct correlation between exposure growth and frequency.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just with respect to -- I guess I was a little surprised that with pricing going down, the new-to-lost ratio in CCI went up so much sequentially. And I was wondering if you could just give us some color on kind of the products and whether there are any specific products or account types that were driving that improvement.
John Degnan: We'll, we're seeing some business come back, what I referred to on my comments as win-backs. We're also writing more new business in the niche lines that we've identified, where we still can sell value added on Cyber Liability, the traditional lines that we play to, like Life Sciences and Technology. With the examples of the two, also Lawyer's Program business where we cover what losses need other than their malpractice insurance, so those are some of the niches.
John Finnegan: I can't remember that retention was up considerably. And when retention goes from 84 to 87, the same 16 points of new business, that was 1:1 last quarter, becomes 1:2 and 1:3. So it's clear we're writing much in the way of more new business, but the new-to-lost is better because our retention is better.
Operator: Our next questions come from Michael Nannizzi with Oppenheimer.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Could you talk a little bit about how the book breaks down between international and domestic in the three different lines, and what those trends have been?
John Finnegan: I'd say the book is about 25% now, about 25% International, maybe a little higher in Personal. So pretty close to on all three lines. A little lower in Personal, and then Specialty has been very strong overseas and Commercial. So I don't think there's a significant difference in the lines. It's about 25% International.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then, as far as the Auto book, it looks like premiums were up there. I think I remember you saying that non-U.S. drove some of that last quarter. Is that the same there? Or was that more sort of bundling here in the U.S.?
John Finnegan: No, it's actually overseas.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: On your portfolio, can you just talk a little bit about, generally, risk selection, whether it's within the municipal portfolio or outside of the municipal portfolio and how you think of that relative to the way the environment is today and whether or not any changes in implied or perceived risk will impact how you allocate your dollars from here?
Richard Spiro: I guess, I'll address that in a couple of ways. Maybe I'll start with sort of some absolute comments about our own Municipal portfolio, and then I'll make some relative comments related to the part of your question as it relates to risks selection. Clearly, we are in an interesting period of time, and there's significant headline risk as it relates to governments and municipal securities. We think that our particular portfolio is very high quality and very well-diversified. And I think that's part of, when we think about risks selection, we make these risk decisions ourselves. We choose our own investments, and we do all the work and all the credit works. So we feel very good about our individual portfolio. We have an average credit rating of AA2. More importantly, though, the way we structured the portfolio in terms of the securities, we think, gives us even more comfort that we're very comfortable with our portfolio. That 62% of the portfolio is invested in essential service revenue bonds that are supported by stable high-quality income streams and less susceptible, we believe, to some of the economic conditions we're seeing. About 25% of the portfolio is invested in state and local government general obligation bonds. And there, we tend to favor larger, more liquid issuers who we believe have greater financial flexibility. And the remaining 13% of the portfolio is invested in pre-fund and annual government-backed securities, which we also think are somewhat lower risk. We tend to avoid land development and lower-rated healthcare and airline bonds as well as smaller local issuers. So on just an absolute basis, given the portfolio that we have constructed and the way it has conformed historically and then, frankly, the way it's performed even through the credit crisis, we feel good about our portfolio. On a relative basis, obviously, we are in an environment where every asset class is more risky today than it was five years or 10 years ago. But as we look at the opportunities in the marketplace, we continue to see attractive relative value plays in the municipal bond world. And so, we have not made any major change to our existing investment strategy. We continue to invest in high-quality munis. We continue to invest in any maturity corporates, where we see total returns and values that we think are attractive. Should our views change over time, we'll be able to change as well. But as we sit here today, we don't think we need to make any major adjustments in the way we're investing our new money.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And during the quarter, have you sold any contingency or a constituency of municipal bonds?
Richard Spiro: No. Nothing significant, if we have.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank: First, Ricky, how are you accounting for your position in Alterra? Is that going to run through kind of the mark-to-market run through the income statement? Or how's that going to work? Is there a pick up there, equity pick up?
Richard Spiro: No, it's an equity investment that shows up in the Investment portfolio of the holding company, the Corporate not the P&C businesses.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank: So we shouldn't see any kind of income coming through that, should we?
Richard Spiro: Just the dividend.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank: John, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive environment in the high-end homeowners business. I know there's a couple of players out there that have gotten a little more aggressive in going at that business. Are you seeing that?
John Degnan: We certainly read their statements and have heard their intent. But we've been in this business for more than 30 years. During that time, we've developed the only brand in the business. We've had interactions on claims of more than 1 million of our customers. We've had several hundred thousand other contacts with our customers. We've got the best producer system in the world for high-network Personal Lines. This isn't a business you can come into overnight and replicate the Chubb model and make the kinds of margins that we're making. So we'll see them. If they follow the pattern of one their predecessors who came into this market, they'll do it by burning their way in, in catastrophe-prone states and have the losses catch up to their pricing strategy later on. But we're pretty confident that we're in a place in this space where we can both defend our existing position and, frankly, outcompete them in terms of growing in the future. So I don't want quote George Bush and say, "Bring them on." But we're recognizing it, we're acting smartly toward it, and we're confident.
Operator: Next question will come from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I did miss some of the call. So I hope you didn't address this yet, but I wanted to ask about the growth in the non-U.S. business, which certainly in the Personalized business really did accelerate. Now it's helped a little bit by currency, but it seems even x that, it accelerated. I'm wondering if you can give us a bit more color on what you're pushing there and how that's happening.
John Finnegan: I think growth overall was about 3% x currency overseas. Soft market is a little bit more buoyant overseas, obviously, less so in the developed countries than in the developing countries. I think all lines have grown some. Our Auto business has certainly, and our Accident and Health, certainly businesses that have grown, that's a Personal Lines, certainly, businesses that have grown overseas. Maybe the lowest percentage vis-a-vis the other SBUs of overseas business, that's the one that has grown the most.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you talk about the A&H business? What kind of margins you're getting there? What sort of returns do you write that business at?
John Degnan: It's been the highest ROE business for the last five years of any other segment that we've written. We have targeted A&H, as potential growth opportunities, more outside the U.S. than in. And we're beginning to see some of the impact of a new team of people that we brought on board to pursue that business. So I'm not going to project what percentage of our revenues it'll be five years from, but we do see it as a growth opportunity going forward. And we operate it at a very healthy return on equity.
Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'd love to see some breakout on that, given the growth and good returns, if you can provide it at some point?
John Degnan: We'll do that.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to get an update on the holding company liquidity at the current time, did you say it was $2.3 billion?
Richard Spiro: Yes, $2.3 billion of investments at the holding company, of which $760 million are in short term.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: And how do you think about the right level for that over time?
Richard Spiro: We intend to keep at least $1 billion at the holding company. And this is a level that the rating agencies think is appropriate as well. Currently, we're at 2x that, so we have some flexibility there. I don't know that we're going to get down to $1 billion in the near future, but we have the flexibility to do that. We think we have plenty of liquidity to manage our share repurchase program. So $1 billion sort of the minimum, and we've historically run at somewhere between that $1 billion and where we are today.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: And were you at a 26-ish million level last quarter, or where were you last quarter on that?
Richard Spiro: To be honest, I don't remember. Off the top of my head, it's probably in that range. Don't forget, we were very active buying back shares in the second quarter.
John Finnegan: I think about 27 million, and we've had a big buyback program underway.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: How do you guys -- you did about 7 million in the first and then 12-ish million in the second in terms of shares repurchased. How do you think about the right amount to do each quarter?
John Finnegan: The authorization was higher in the second than it was in the first. We had a bigger buyback program in the second quarter. We increased the buyback overall by 750 million, so that's the starting point for that. As for how we look at it, what do we have left, 16 million left?
Richard Spiro: Yes, there's 16.8 million shares left. We look at the opportunities, the price in the market and opportunities to acquire our shares. And that sort of what drives how we allocate it. Plus, we've made a statement that our intention is to complete the buyback program by the end of the year, so I think you can assume we'll be fairly aggressive to get that done.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I guess, one of the things I'm wrestling with is just that I can't get the hold call liquidity down anywhere close your target or even draw it down much given the amount of cash being generated in the core business the next couple of quarters. So I'm wondering how, even with 16-plus million purchased next two quarters, how will you get target liquidity level or how would you get liquidity in the holding company level down to more reasonable levels? Or would you just run it 2x-plus for the foreseeable future?
John Finnegan: Our objective isn't really to get it down to $1 billion. I think that gives us our limitations and our framework of what we can do now. But the holding company is a function of -- liquidity is a function of how much we spend on things like buybacks and dividends, but also a function of what we do in terms of dividend from the operating company to the holding company. In today's environment, in order to execute a bigger repurchase program, we like a little bit more liquidity up in the holding company, because you can't do the buyback out of the operating company, you got to get it up to the holding company first. But we don't have an objective that we want to get it down to $1 billion as fast as possible or anything. The $2.3 billion versus $1 billion gives us, for the moment, how much we can spend on buybacks, and it'll last us quite a length of time. But during that period, we'll also have dividends up from operating companies.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Does the quarter in which you're repurchasing matter at all, i.e., does catastrophe season influence the pace? And then also, let's just say you blow through the 16 million authorization, what's the procedure to put more on the table?
Richard Spiro: I think, we obviously, we'll be a little bit more cautious in the third quarter given that it is cat season. But we have a lot of shares to buy back between now and the end of the year. So we'll be cautious to a point. In terms of what's the process, we always go back to our Board when it's time for us to get a new authorization and should we, I guess, complete this much quicker than we anticipate, which is not what our plan is at the moment, we'll go back to the Board at the appropriate time.
John Finnegan: Fortunately, our level of excess capital is such that fine tuning 100 million or 200 million of stock repurchases in the third quarter will make really much of a difference if we have a big catastrophe. It's not enough to make a difference if we have a substantial excess capital and liquidity position.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Can you clarify for me, when you said the accident will be three or four points higher in the second half, did you mean versus the first half or year-over-year? What was it? Can you clarify?
John Finnegan: Versus the first half.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And why that much? Could that's still -- when I look at that versus year-over-year, that seems maybe a couple of points higher than year-over-year second half, the second half this year versus second half of last year.
John Finnegan: Let me restate that. What we're saying, basically, is that our x cat combined ratio in the second half will be three to four points worse than the first half. I might have misstated before. That can be composed of either a deterioration in accident year performance or lower favorable development or both. And we haven't broken out the wide range of how we would get there, so there's a good chance that three- or four-point deterioration will end up with being a much lower amount of accident year deterioration.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: On the munis, can you talk about, when you say critical service revenue bonds, what exactly does that mean? Because I believe some of the muni defaults we've seen have been sewer projects, and I'm trying to remember what they want to [indiscernible] so I thought that was a critical service one, too, as I recall. How safe are we talking about? Could you guys put more detail there?
Richard Spiro: Sure. It's a variety of things. There is some water, some sewer, electric, highway, some universities, some special tax revenue bonds. So it's a combination of things. It's pretty well-diversified, in that if you look at it on a percentage basis across our portfolio, no one of those categories would stand out. So we think we have it pretty well under control. We do tend to stay away from the ones where, as I mentioned earlier, some of the healthcare areas where you might have some higher default rates. Our experience in our portfolio in terms of defaults has been an extraordinarily good over a long period of time.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Can you clarify why was FX so positive this quarter? I assumed you'd be most exposed to euro, which obviously was, weakened a lot versus the dollar.
Richard Spiro: Yes, it's actually interesting. It's because of the fact that the dollar did perform incredibly well against the euro and the pound, but it actually went the other way against most of the other major currencies like the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Brazilian currency. And the way our business actually works is, in Europe, in particular, a significant amount of the renewal business happens in the beginning of the year. And so, you have a bigger impact to some of the other currencies as you move forward throughout the year.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Can you give us just roughly, is there a real-time breakdown you can give as to sort of what your currency exposures are globally, sort of EU versus Canada versus the rest of the world or something like that?
John Finnegan: You'd get what? You'd get $1 billion in euro. $1 billion in euro, you get 500 in Canada. You'd get 500 in Asia and 500 in Latin America probably, because it'll be in a big part of Latin America.
Operator: We have a question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: I'm having a little trouble myself getting the tax rate right for you folks. Was there anything in the quarter that was unusual from a tax perspective?
John Finnegan: No.
Operator: And our final question in the queue comes from Cliff Gallant with KWB (sic)[KBW] Financial Services.
Cliff Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: The resurfacing of contingent commissions by the major brokers, and I was wondering if Chubb could comment on their view of contingents.
John Degnan: We agreed in the settlement with the three states, Connecticut, Illinois and New York, not to pay contingents, but we replace them with something called supplemental-guaranteed commissions [guaranteed supplemental compensation (GSC)], which one might say are like contingents in some way. Our producer force generally likes supplemental-guaranteed commissions. They pay based on past performance by attaching the prospective revenues. But we're watching it closely, and we're in discussion with both those three major producers and others about their preferences. And we're also in discussion with the regulators about being able to function in the marketplace along the lines of what they're letting the brokers do. So if anything more to come on that, but at the moment, we're pretty happy and so are most of our producers with the supplemental-guaranteed commissions we're paying on top of standards.
Cliff Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: If the old structure were to come back, you would consider that structure again?
John Degnan: We would.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any closing or additional comments.
John Finnegan: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us tonight. Have a good evening.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  John D. Finnegan – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer John J. Degnan – Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer Richard G. Spiro – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts:  Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Clifford Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co. Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan Michael Grasher – Pipper Jaffray Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets Keith Walsh – Citi –
Operator:   Welcome to The Chubb Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. Before we begin Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb’s management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb’s filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today’s presentation of Chubb’s first quarter 2010 financial results, Chubb’s management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release in the financial supplement for the first quarter 2010 which are available on the investor’s section of Chubb’s website at www.Chubb.com.  Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through May 21, 2010. Those listening after April 22, 2010 should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan : As we noted in today’s press release, the big story for the property and casualty insurance industry in the first quarter was the extraordinary level of natural catastrophes worldwide. Although these catastrophes had a negative impact of $0.67 per share on Chubb’s first quarter results, we still produced operating income of $1.14 per share for the quarter, an excellent result. This reflected outstanding underwriting results with a combined ratio excluding catastrophes of 81.3%, nearly six percentage points better than a year ago. This was our best ex cat combined ratio since 2007 and it was driven by strong contribution from each of our business units. Our investment portfolio also continued to perform well with net realized investment gains of $127 million pre-tax or $0.25 per share after tax. That brought our first quarter net income per share to $1.39. In addition, our portfolio’s unrealized appreciation before tax increased by about $170 million from year end 2009. These investments and underwriting results produced a GAAP book value per share of $48.17 at March 31, 2010. That’s a 2% increase since yearend 2009 and a 23% increase since March 31, 2009. Our capital position is excellent. During the quarter we raised our common stock dividend for the 28th consecutive year and also have been actively buying back our stock. Now, John Degnan will discuss our operating performance.
John J. Degnan : Net written premiums for the first quarter increased 1%. This included a 4% positive impact of currency translation with a generally similar impact in each business unit. For Chubb personal insurance, net written premiums were up 4% and CPI produced a combined ratio of 104.4 compared to 90 last year. However, CPI had 22.8 points of cat in the first quarter this year compared to only 1.5 points in the first quarter of 2009. On an ex cat basis, CPI’s first quarter combined ratio was 81.6 in 2010, nearly seven points better than a year ago when it was 88.5. Homeowner’s premiums were up a point with a combined ratio of 113.3 including 35.1 points of cats. On an ex cat basis the combined ratio for homeowners in the first quarter was 78.2 in 2010, a substantial improvement over a year ago when it was 85.8. Personal auto premiums increased 11% driven by growth outside the US. The combined ratio was 91.5. In other personal lines, premiums were up 7% and the combined ratio was 87.5.  At Chubb commercial insurance, premiums for the quarter were down 1%. Premiums for multiple peril and for workers’ comp were down 6% but casualty premiums increased 1% and property and marine was up 2%. CCI’s combined ratio for the quarter was 93.8 compared to 90.2 a year earlier. Excluding the 11.4 point impact of cats, CCI’s first quarter combined ratio this year was 82.4, nearly seven points better than last year’s 89.2. CCI’s renewal retention rate in the US was 84% for the quarter with an average renewal rate increase of 1%, further evidence of our success in retaining business at profitable rates at a competitive marketplace. The ratio of new to lost business in the US was one-to-one.  At Chubb specialty insurance, net written premiums were up 3% for the first quarter and the combined ratio was 80.9, more than four points better than the 85.1 we recorded in the first quarter of 2009. Professional liability premiums grew 3% in the first quarter and the combined ratio was 86.2 compared to 91.3 in the first quarter of 2009. In the US, first quarter retention and renewal was 85% and average renewal rates were down 1%. The ratio of new to lost business was one-to-one. For surety, first quarter net written premiums were down 1% but profitability was strong with a combined ratio of 39.8 for the quarter. Before I comment on what we are seeing in the marketplace, let me give you some context around our first quarter cat numbers. First, the $344 million pre-tax impact of catastrophes that we reported today is higher than the $290 million that we estimated in our press release on March 29 largely because of the impact of a late March storm on the east coast of the US that produced additional losses that were not included in the March 29 announcement.  Second, although our cat losses in the quarter add up to a large number, these losses are consistent with our overall presence in the effected markets. For example, this year’s Mid Atlantic and northeast storms hit many of Chubb’s high concentration territories. In contrast, our cat losses in last year’s first quarter were substantially lower than many other companies because the majority of US cat activity then was in the Midwest and the South where Chubb has a relatively modest market share. Each time we’re confronted at Chubb with a widespread cat I’m reminded of one consistent dynamic, for us a catastrophe is a business event, one which will affect our financial results and will challenge our value added business proposition of providing world class service. For our insureds, particularly homeowners, it is a personal event involving disruption of their lives as well as property damage.  As such, it presents a unique opportunity for us to demonstrate value in the timeliness, empathy and fairness with which we respond. Our most loyal customers tend to be the ones that have had a claim. I am pleased to say that our survey results of customers impacted by the largest of the March storms in the US indicated a satisfied or very satisfied rating of more than 95%. That means to me our folks are responding yet again in a way that has distinguished this company for 128 years.  As John said earlier, we are very pleased with our outstanding underwriting results. They were not easy to come by. The marketplace remained quite competitive. Average commercial renewal rates in the US were up 1% in CCI but down 1% in CSI so overall basically flat. It appears that for now rates have plataued from the slightly higher increases we were seeing last year. We are still not seeing the broad based weakening of terms and conditions which characterize the soft markets of the late 90s with two exceptions among our competitors.  In commercial lines we see some insurers dramatically increasing flooding, quake sub limits in certain lines without any commensurate premium increase and in specialty lines some competitors are substantially lowering deductibles on non-financial institution public D&O without any corresponding premium increase. Neither of these paths is sustainable long term. Turning now to new commercial business, we were successful in writing well priced new accounts in our targeted niches. Furthermore, our renewal exposures and audit premiums were less negative in the first quarter of this year than in the fourth quarter of 2009 suggesting that the negative impacts of reduced payrolls and other recession related phenomena are beginning to trail off. Other encouraging signs include stable to slightly higher renewal retention, submission count and written to submitted ratios.  We have commented previously about the aggressive pricing we’ve observed from some of our competitors in their question for new business. When those accounts that we lost as a result of this behavior came up for renewal in the first quarter this year, we won some of that business back in the face of dramatic rate increase demands, often at the last minute in the renewal process by those very same competitors.  Over the long haul, what we have always supposed to be the case is bearing out. Our customers, both producers and insurers place a high value on consistency and predictability, two qualities we have always reflected and in the end they prevail. While we are encouraged by the modest improvement in premium growth this quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year we are not yet prepared to say that it reflects a trend. In fact, given the ongoing economic uncertainty and the historically erratic property and casualty market, we believe any sustained improvement will likely emerge in a choppy fashion. In January, I gave you a pretty detailed update on our credit crisis claim experience. I’m happy to say that the positive trends we saw then and the frequency of securities class action suits and in some of the judicial trends of dismissals have continued and we remain confident that we are appropriately reserved for credit crisis claims in the accident years in which the claims have been made. I am particularly pleased about developments in two areas I want to mention specifically, the frequency of non-credit crisis security class action claims and the recent rulings in credit crisis derivative actions.  For the second straight quarter, even as the number of new credit crisis security class actions virtually disappeared we did not see a corresponding increase in the number of non-credit crisis class actions. So for those observers who have speculated that there was a substantial number of backlog claims waiting to be filed, the evidence so far doesn’t support that. And, the two year statute of limitations is already a bar to actions in which the triggering event, typically a corrective disclosure took place in 2007 and early 2008, the years in which that presumed backlog would have been building. In addition, we’re encouraged by the continuing relatively high dismissal rate in the first quarter of derivative actions which might otherwise trigger our side A coverages. Unlike the stock option back dating claims which were heavily weighted towards derivative actions, credit crisis claims have been predominately securities class actions. However, in connection with the credit crisis derivative claims which have been brought, we are seeing the allocation of well established legal protections governing mismanagement allocations and the defendants are having great, in some cases even unexpected success in defending those claims. For example, in the recent decision involving AIG’s credit crisis whoas, the court has made it clear that they will not engage in second guessing managements’ legitimate business decisions regardless of how badly those decisions played out. So, although some observers have asserted that credit crisis derivative claims have the potential to impact side A coverages, we are not currently seeing an increased level of exposure as a result of them. Now, I’ll turn it over to Ricky Sprio.
Richard G. Spiro : As usual, I will review our financial results for the quarter. I will also provide commentary on capital management, the impact of currency and the April 1 renewal of our property reinsurance program. Looking first at our first quarter operating results, we had underwriting income of $204 million even in a difficult cat quarter.  Property and casualty investment income after tax was up 2% during the quarter to $313 million. The continued impact of the low yield environment was offset this quarter by a modest favorable effect of currency fluctuation on the income from our international investments. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $127 million or $0.25 per share after tax including net gains of $88 million on our alternative investments portfolio. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2009 we had net realized investment losses before tax of $266 million or $0.48 per share after tax largely due to losses on our alternative investment portfolio related to the credit crisis. As a reminder, we account for alternative investments on a one quarter lag and we include the changes in the net equity of our alternative investments in net realized gains and losses unlike some insurers who include them in investment income. During the first quarter of 2010 we incurred a onetime tax charge of $22 million or $0.07 per share related to the recently enacted federal healthcare legislation which eliminated the tax benefit associated with Medicare Part D subsidies to be received by companies that provide qualifying prescription drug coverage to retirees.  Unrealized appreciation before tax at March 31, 2010 increased to $1.8 billion from $1.6 billion at the end of 2009. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio was $42.3 billion as of March 31, 2010 slightly higher than the amount at year end 2009. The composition of the portfolio also remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 4.1 years and the average credit rating is AAII.  We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company. At March 31, 2010 our holding company portfolio included $2.4 billion of investments including $868 million of short term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at March 31, 2010 was $48.17 compared to $47.09 at year end 2009, an increase of 2%. Adjusted book value per share which we calculated with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized costs was $45.19 compared to $44.37 at 2009 year end. As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the first quarter of 2010 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: in CPI, we had about $30 million; CCI, had about $90 million; CSI, had about $90 million; and reinsurance assumed had about $10 million bringing our total favorable development to about $220 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the first quarter combined ratio of nearly eight points overall.  For comparison in the first quarter of 2009 we had about $130 million of favorable development for the company overall including none in CPI, $35 million in CCI, $80 million in CSI and $15 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the first quarter of 2009 was about five points.  During the first quarter of 2010 our loss reserves increased by $242 million including an increase of $288 million for the insurance business, nearly all of which was accounted for by the increase in reserves for cat. This is partially offset by a decrease of $46 million for the reinsurance assumed business which is in runoff and the impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in a decline in reserves of about $55 million. At this point let me say a few additional words about the impact of currency fluctuation on our financial results. Since about one quarter of our premiums come from outside of the US, our results expressed in dollars are affected by movement in exchange rates. For example, we had a positive currency impact in the first quarter of 2010 of about 4% on net written premiums. This reflects the fact that the US dollar was significantly weaker against most major currencies in this year’s first quarter compared to the first quarter of 2009.  Going forward, assuming currency rates during the rest of 2010 remain similar to recent exchange rates, we would expect that the favorable impact of currency fluctuations will decline in the coming quarters given the weakening of the US dollar that occurred throughout the remainder of 2009.  Turning to capital management, we were very active with our share buyback program during the first quarter. We repurchased seven million shares at an aggregate cost of $344 million and the average cost of our repurchases in the quarter was $49.47 per share. Through the end of the first quarter we have repurchased about 10 million shares for approximately 40% of the 25 million share buyback program we announced in December 2009.  This high level of activity reflects the fact that we are opportunistically taking advantage of the attractive economics of repurchasing our stock at current levels. As we have previously stated our intention is to complete this new repurchase program by the end of the year. In addition, as we said on our fourth quarter conference call, we will continue to review the size of our buyback program in light of our capital position, the prevailing insurance market environment, portfolio investment opportunity costs and other factors.  In February, our board raised the quarterly common stock dividend by 6% to $0.37 per share or $1.48 on an annual basis. As John said earlier, this was our 28th consecutive annual dividend increase, a continued indication of our financial strength and resilience in a cyclical industry. As you may know, on April 1st we renewed our major property treaties including our North American cat treaty, our non-US cat treaty and our commercial property [inaudible] treaty. All of these were renewed with the same limits and coverage that we had in the 2009 program. The reinsurance market was orderly and there was plenty of capacity to meet our needs in each treaty. We were able to achieve an overall cost reduction of approximately 8% across the three treaties. Finally, I would like to make a comment regarding our 2010 earnings guidance. As John Finnegan and John Degnan discussed earlier, the adverse affect of the high level of cat activity in the first quarter was partially offset by the strong ex cat performance of our core property and casualty businesses. As we have done in the past, we intend to defer revisiting our guidance until after the second quarter when we have more information about how the year is progressing. We believe that you have enough information available regarding the impact of cats to make any adjustments that you deem appropriate at this time. Now, I’ll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan : In a very difficult catastrophe environment, Chubb performed extremely well in the first quarter. Here are the highlights; operating income per share of $1.14 despite a $0.67 per share adverse impact of cats and a onetime $0.07 per share Medicare related tax charge. Our ex cat combined ratio of 81.3 was nearly six points better than last year’s excellent 87.2. On an ex cat basis, CPI and CCI’s combined ratios were nearly seven points better than last year. In addition, CSI’s combined ratio was more than four points better, clearly outstanding underwriting results. Premium growth improved in what continued to be a difficult economic competitive environment. Retention rates remained consistent and new to lost ratios improved. Our conservative investment portfolio continued to perform well generating a substantial first quarter net realized capital gain as well as an increase in unrealized appreciation. Book value per share increased by more than $1 since 2009 year end to $48.17 and we continued to actively manage our capital by buying back shares at attractive prices and by increasing our dividend by 6%. In summary, we had a good first quarter despite substantial cat losses. Our financial strength, conservative investment portfolio, strong credit rating, underwriting talent, producer relationships, unparallel claim services and commitment to managing capital for our shareholders’ benefit are true differentiators which we believe will enable us to continue to provide superior returns to our investors. With that, I’ll open the line to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: On the cat losses within homeowners, could you give us a sense as to how much, if any, of those losses were from flood?
John D. Finnegan : We’re not prepared to break it down but I might point out to you Jay that the masterpiece product for Chubb provides coverage for backed up water and sewers which in some of the forms of our competitors are not covered. So we probably have disproportionately a higher amount attributed to water infiltration. Normally, we don’t cover flood under homeowners policies but we do cover water back up and sewer back up and we adjust it in a way that’s sensitive. If you have a sump pump for example, that failed because your back up battery is out due to several days of energy interruption, that’s a backed up sewer or pump then we’ll pay.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Then the separate issues, I realize it’s an emerging issues but John if you can give us your perspective on the Goldman situation? That would be helpful from a D&O and E&O perspective?
John D. Finnegan : You know Jay we typically don’t confirm coverage or amounts without the permission of the insured so I need to talk generally. The one thing I would point out is the article that’s reported that Goldman has an extensive side A D&O coverage and mentioned one of our competitors as primary needs to be understood in the context of what I know you know side A is and that is it only comes in to play if either the company is unable by state law to indemnify its employee or by virtue of its insolvency it cannot.  The kind of claims that were brought by the SEC for example, against Goldman, are clearly indemnifable results and there’s no indication that the company doesn’t intent to indemnify the individual who was named in those complaints. I don’t think the Goldman suit is going to have much impact on exposure of insurers. It’s a unique kind of action. First of all, it’s more likely to trigger E&O coverage than it is D&O coverage and a lot of the investment banks had a hard time buying E&O coverage. We certainly got out of that business a few years ago. Then secondly, the SEC damages sought are either for fines and penalties or disgorgement of ill gotten gains, two items that are excluded in our and most E&O policies. So even if they have E&O coverage it may very well not be included as a covered event. It’s also a transactional suit, it’s brought based on that single transaction that Goldman entered in to so it’s less likely to trigger a D&O claim.  The last point I would make is if there is a likelihood of a D&O claim, it would be that Goldman failed to disclose early enough that it was impending but the story suggests that Goldman was blindsided by the complaint and that they heard nothing from the SEC since it issued wealth notice in the summer of 2009. So I think even a D&O suit is probably unlikely. If it is, it’s not going to trigger side A coverage.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Could side A be triggered, and this is obviously thinking ahead, if there is a derivative class action suit whereas Goldman were to reimburse the investors that loss money and that could trigger a derivative claim suit?
John D. Finnegan : Theoretically yes. That’s a good question. If there were a derivative suit against Goldman, defense costs would be covered and I’d prefer not to be a primary on the policy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Clifford Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Clifford Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the international growth to 16%. How much of that was just foreign exchange? What degree was there impact of reinstatement premiums? Then, on the auto side you mentioned a lot of the 11% growth was international, can you talk a little bit about what’s happening in those markets? Then, how does that compare to the domestic market for auto?
John D. Finnegan : Let me start with the last part of your question which is the outside of the US auto growth. First of all, it’s aided by currency fluctuation when we reported it and secondly, we’ve been aggressively growing auto in some countries, particularly Latin America, but we also provide it in Europe and some of the other Commonwealth countries. It has for the last several quarters been growing at a pace substantially higher than our US book has been growing and we’ve called that out on several occasions.
John J. Degnan : If you look at just personal auto we said that it increased about 11%, I think currency is probably seven or eight points of that. If you look at our overall business which was your first question, 16% was with currency. If you look at the last line in the press release, it’s 2% local currency so that’s the breakout. So overseas grew 16%, 2% in local currency.
Clifford Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  An reinstatement premiums in the quarter, what was the impact of that?
John D. Finnegan : I don’t think we usually break out reinstatement premiums. It’s not a substantial impact on our bottom line or even our growth except in the one line at fx.
John J. Degnan : Yes, the reinstatement premium for the Chilean earthquake for example showed up in the commercial multiple peril results and would make it look worse than it was but I think that’s the only one.
John D. Finnegan : It’s not a material impact on the overall results.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: First question I have, given the unusual catastrophe events in the quarter, maybe everything is fresh in your head, I’m wondering if you can talk a little bit about your gross loss exposure and how Chubb uses reinsurance to protect itself?
John D. Finnegan : I don’t think we have gross loss exposure identified anywhere. We obviously manage it in terms of reinsurance and taking on the exposure with acceptable limits based on our capital position, based on the rating agency’s capital requirement. Reinsurance, we did have a substantial amount of reinsurance as it relates to the Latin America Chilean earthquake which came in handy.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you give any information at this point about how much your reinsurance recoverable went up during the quarter?
Richard G. Spiro : No Josh, we don’t have that number at this time.
John D. Finnegan : It’s not a huge number though.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: In terms of when you think about what type of events does Chubb by reinsurance? Where does it attach? When I think about the northeast storms, was Chubb receiving reinsurance benefit from that of any significant form?
John J. Degnan : No, in the US losses its essentially on reinsurance. It didn’t trigger the treaty.
John D. Finnegan : Josh, we should clarify that. When you ask about the reinsurance recoverable, it hasn’t gone up that much and it only really applies to Latin America. We don’t trigger with our deductibles and things, we’re not triggering any US resinsurance on any of those. There were a lot of storms. There was one fairly big one but we still haven’t reached the levels beyond our retention.
John J. Degnan : We don’t buy reinsurance to level earnings, we buy it to protect us against truly catastrophic losses. 
Richard G. Spiro : Josh, in terms of our cat treaties, our North American cat treaty, our non-US cat treaty and our commercial property treaty, the attachment points and the key terms of those are all described in our 10K.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: The other question was in regards to the repurchase, given that the stock is trading around $50 today, book value is around $50, you’ve been in the program for about five years now. Maybe even Ricky with a fresh set of eyes, what do you think as intrinsically accretive share repurchasing and is that going on right now? Any thoughts in retrospect?
John D. Finnegan : First Josh I think it’s more like $51 to $52 price and $48 in book?
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: That’s correct.
Richard G. Spiro : I think Josh we are big proponents and fans of capital management. It’s part of our core operating principles. As I said earlier, we’re going to continue to review the size of our program in light of the factors that I highlighted but we have been pretty aggressively buying our stock back at the current levels because we think opportunistically it’s very attractive for us and I think we are going to continue to do that. As you know, over the last number of years we have bought back over six billion of our stock so it’s a core part of what we do. 
John D. Finnegan : Our economics for buybacks are obviously good. We’ve taken good advantage and since this program began we’ve bought back 10 million shares at 40% of our authorized level for a program that goes on another nine months. So I think we’ve been opportunistic in the market.
Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: I understand that but if we look in to the future thinking about it, obviously if you had the cash you would have had use of that cash over that period of time. Do you think intrinsically the accretive point, even if you can’t see it given the historical financials?
John D. Finnegan : Stock buybacks at these levels are clearly accretive. The alternative investment opportunity is very low. The premium you’re paying on the buyback is very low. It’s a very accretive transaction at this point in time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP: I wanted to ask about the surety operation where the losses have really been very low for quite some time and I think there’s been a thought that eventually the recession would catch up to us. Any thoughts as to why that hasn’t happened?
John D. Finnegan : Why credit losses haven’t increased in surety, is that what you’re asking?
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP: Yes, that’s the question.
John J. Degnan : I think the state of the economy is reflecting more in the relatively flat growth that surety has experienced over the last year or two. As you know, it’s a volatile business, it is characterized by lumpy quarters in which we might have significant losses and then by the happier quarters in which we have like this quarter, virtually no loss experience so that it runs at a combined ratio in this quarter of [inaudible].  But, over the years since we’ve been in the business, that’s generally been true. The deteriorating economy does not generally generate losses it just creates an environment in which its harder to grow if you’re going to be a disciplined underwriter and not chance market share.
Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP: Do you think there’s any truth to the idea that because the banks have continued to extend credit more than they have perhaps in the past to keep companies a float that there’s the potential for more construction bankruptcies that we just haven’t seen that would ultimately impact share?
John J. Degnan : We don’t believe that would be true in our book. I mean we watch the creditworthiness of our accounts extremely closely, it’s what we underwrite to in this business unlike the property and casualty standard insurance. I can’t speak to the general supposition whether it’s accurate but we don’t have that concern in our book.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just a question on rates and professional liability, can you talk about trends in financial and non-financial D&O? 
John D. Finnegan : Rates in financial D&O are clearly much better. I think they were up maybe 10 or 11 points in the quarter.
John J. Degnan : Financial institutions public D&O was up about 11 points in the quarter. Public D&O was down a bit and the marketplace is highly competitive. There is still companies, some of whom have learned their lessons but many of whom haven’t that are moving in to the primary space with pricing that just doesn’t support the risk that they’re taking on at that level in the program. Overall, you saw that the CSI rate increase was down actually a point and it’s flattened out a little bit from where it was last year.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.: So then just in terms of the line overall, you think it’s more capacity or less perceived risk that people are reducing prices on the non-financial side?
John D. Finnegan : Both, both for sure. There’s a lot of capacity and as you see in the statistics published on security class action claims and things, there are less filings and a lot of new players and they tend to be optimistic. They didn’t suffer through some of the past problems. So yes, I think there’s definitely less perceived risk. There’s also more money chasing.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.: Then one last one if I could, just relative to development, can you talk in professional liability about accident year ’08 and ’09 and did those years contribute to the development experience in the first quarter?
John D. Finnegan : No. Accident years 2008, 2009 the impact was negligible. The favorable development was all in slightly 2007 and then in prior years.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Two questions, first is on Stoneridge, there have been some – the senator is trying to repeal Stoneridge through some legislation. Any thoughts on that? And any ideas as to whether that will be retrospective and what would be the impact on the D&O liability for Chubb and other D&O writers?
John D. Finnegan : Well, you’re right the tort reform movement has been under attack by the Plaintiff’s trail lawyers over the last couple of years and undoing the effect of that decision which created a higher pleading standards for the industry is one of them. I doubt that it would be retroactive but there’s no way of telling what’s going to happen in Congress today. If it is prospective only, it’s certainly not going to affect our book of claims that we have in house to date and we’ll deal with it from an underwriting perspective going forward.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: How bad do you think it is versus the past? How much would rates have to rise just to account for this?
John D. Finnegan : I wish I could operate with that level of precision. I don’t know that over turning the Stoneridge decision in and of itself would require or move the market towards increasing rates or that our customers would react to it. We did pretty well in this business before Stoneridge was decided and I don’t think that going back to the status quo ante in and of itself is a doomsday scenario although we certainly would much prefer that the legislation not pass.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: The second question was on the margins, your margins improved this year versus last year in the last few quarters and it makes sense in professional liability because you are reserving at a lower loss ratio. I’m just curious on the commercial side and on the other lines of business, what are you seeing that’s making you more comfortable about your loss ratios this year versus last year?
John J. Degnan : Well, it’s the first quarter. I would say that over the last three years we’ve had rate declines until recently and we’ve had loss trends tend to increase and so we’ve had margin compression. If you look back at accident year ex cat number over three years you’d see a deterioration. It hasn’t been massive but it’s been incremental. This quarter we had a very, very good quarter. If you exclude professional liability because you understand why we have a better what you call margin there or better accident year ultimate, and you look at let’s take personal lines, well personal lines is a short tail line of business. The bottom line was that we had less claims, less losses in homeowners this year than we had in recent years. That’s lumpy. That comes and goes. It was a good quarter. Last year’s first quarter was a little bit heavy in terms of non-cat losses. We had a lot of freezes and things that weren’t characterized as cats and we incurred some losses there. So it was a good quarter. That’s not really a speculative number, that’s really mostly related to the losses that you incur so it’s actually. Similarly in commercial we have some long tails and some short tails but in terms of the accident year performance, property stood out, commercial property. Again, it relates to we just didn’t have that many losses this quarter, better than expected. It really goes to the actual amount of losses we had and most of this is in short tail lines and it’s lumpy again. So we’re not saying that it’s going to be this way all year, we don’t know that. We had a very benign quarter in terms of homeowners and commercial property losses.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: I guess the first question is regarding the homeowners business and I guess I’m just trying to figure out what macro factors we should be looking at as we think about maybe growth resuming? Is it more important to think about absolute employment levels? Is it more important to think about wealth in the system and where markets are at? Just some thoughts in terms of what you’re watching internally vis-à-vis kind of growth expectations.
John D. Finnegan : All of them. I mean employment clearly helps, macroeconomic clearly helps. Housing prices moving up and they don’t necessarily move in tandem, I mean housing prices were obviously over bought, they suffered significantly. It will take employment to bring housing prices back but it’s not clear that housing prices will quickly get back to where they once were. You’ve got to look at all of them.
John J. Degnan : I agree with that, in our book of high net worth homeowners, clearly increased wealth which would staunch the down tick in [inaudible] being added by rider, would stimulate additional buying of high end homes and increase the amount of insurance being bought. But, they’re all important. 
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: How important are second homes to the growth story? I mean, if you look back at prior cycles, is there a disproportionate benefit you get from existing customers expanding their exposures dramatically that way?
John D. Finnegan : I guess that’s probably true. I couldn’t empirically prove it to you based on data we assembled but high net worth individuals are the ones that can more easily buy the kinds of second homes that we – 
John J. Degnan : Certainly we ensure them, they’re usually bigger but secondly, quite often they’re in high cat areas so we have limitations on the Florida’s of this world.
John D. Finnegan : One interesting point here, a significant contributor to our growth in the past in homeowners has been our inflation guard feature which is a formulaic calculation of the cost of rebuilding since most of our homes are insured to replacement value. So if you’re a Chubb homeowner each year you’ll see an inflation guard increase in your homeowners premium. Well, as the economy started to tank, particularly over the past couple of years, the inflation guard increase got much more modest than it had been over previous years and it returned to economic vitality with increase both in commodity and labor rates are going to increase the formula and the legitimate inflation guard aspect of it.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: I guess just one follow up John on the credit crisis related claims. I think you’ve talked about this in prior calls but any update on kind of defense costs? I mean the claim side seems to be rolling in your favor to date but on the defense cost side, how is that faring because I’ve been hearing that is still very hot and I’m just curious how you think about that?
John D. Finnegan : Well the obvious answer to your question which is a good one is that it makes me happier we moved several years ago to a higher proportionate excess position in the program than primary because defense cost go ups. Carriers have gotten better and insureds have cooperated with us more aggressively recently in trying to curtail litigation costs but if you’re playing primary that’s often a bigger part of your risk assessment in terms of your loss potential than the ultimate merits of the case.  We’re seeing modest increases in costs in our own defense management but we’re more aggressive these days apply litigation management guidelines to the costs being incurred by these law firms than we have in the past and we’re better at it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Grasher – Pipper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher – Pipper Jaffray: A quick question following up on your audit premium comment, can you comment or do you see any particular class of risk that maybe is being impacted more than others or is it pretty even across the board?
John D. Finnegan : On audit premium?
Michael Grasher – Pipper Jaffray: Yes.
John D. Finnegan : Well sure, workers’ compensation would the lead, I guess general sales, general liability, workers’ comp. Stuff that you factor in based upon presumed employment levels or presumed sales levels. 
John J. Degnan : It’s not a big proportion of our book where we do retrospectively rated premiums. But John is right, it’s primarily workers’ comp and to some degree general liability.
Michael Grasher – Pipper Jaffray: So within workers’ comp per say is there anything in particular, class of risk with workers’ comp that maybe is moving or not?
John J. Degnan : No, we’re generally known in the industry for having sort of a white collar book of workers’ comp. We tend to cover professional firms and not heavy duty blue collar industrial firms. But, I wouldn’t call out any particular unit among them. To the extent that last year the decrease in employment is being offset this year even by no further decreases, even better by increases in employment, we’re going to get the benefit on the audit of increased premiums rather than the negative we took based on a relative basis.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: A couple of numbers things first, do you have the charge for the healthcare bill? Where exactly does that show up, is that in the corporate line?
Richard G. Spiro : No, it shows up in the tax line, it’s treated as a tax expense.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I’m trying to do some quick math here so that implies without it your tax year would have been lower than normal? If I back that out I’m getting 22% to 23% tax rate?
John J. Degnan : I think why Ian is because the mix of income this quarter comes more heavily from investment income vis-à-vis underwriting income and obviously investment income attaches a lower tax rate because of our muni portfolio.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: A couple of other things, first am I remembering correctly that in Europe you have some agents, some travel business? And if so, would that be affected by the whole volcano issue?
John D. Finnegan : No. In Europe for example, our homeowners policy for example covers trip interruption. We do have some of those claims in but we don’t think all up either under that exposure or trip cancellation or accident and health or event cancellation that we’re going to see anything significant out of this.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Then if I can go back to Vinay’s question on the accident year ex cat, I guess I’m struggling a little bit, I understand obviously that the CSI should improve but I guess CSI and CTI, they’re the lowest that they’ve been in three years and that just seems a little more than maybe a low event quarter. Is there something else going on? Or maybe if you can tell us how you set your picks? I guess I would have thought that you sort of set a pick for the year and that attritional loss being low or high in that quarter don’t usually affect things too much.
John D. Finnegan : Ian, clearly neither of us are actuaries but I think that is true for some of our long tail lines of business, such as umbrella and professional liability. But, for the short tail lines of business like property, like commercial and homeowners, the losses for the quarter materially affect our results. As I said, property losses were just very low in the quarter.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Then I guess one other last numbers one, the paid losses seem to be trending lower than usual. Is that anything going on there? They’re down about 5% year-over-year an in the second half they were down a bunch although that’s probably comparisons to Ike in ’08 but they’ve been down for several quarters in a row which usually you don’t expect at this point in the cycle.
Richard G. Spiro : I think Ian if you look at the paid losses, 2008 was probably little bit higher than normal and that was driven by as you rightly point out catastrophes and a couple of other moving pieces. But, we would expect that that would calm down a little bit and has started to come down. I think 2008 was a bit of an outlier and things seem to have improved since then.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So nothing usual about this quarter then?
John D. Finnegan : We had almost no cats in 2009 which certainly helped and then back to your earlier question, linking up we’ve had very low – in the lines and we play claims sort of contemporaneously, we had very low losses so we didn’t pay much in the short tail lines.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Most of my question have been answered but I have two others that are kind of a follow up. Looking specifically at commercial lines, I guess if rates are up 1% and there are obviously some negatives from audit premiums and what not, would it be fair to characterize that sort of unit counts and volume levels were roughly flat?
John D. Finnegan : CCI declined 1% in the first quarter, rates were up 1% ,you have a currency impact of course that was positive so overall what you’re really talking about is exposure being down. Exposure was probably down 2.5% for the quarter.
John J. Degnan : John, actually it was -2.9% but that was better than the 3.3% that we had for the full year last year and the 2.3% we had in the first quarter of 2009.
John D. Finnegan : [Inaudible] was about the same, new to losses pretty good, certainly better than the fourth quarter of last year but exposure was down and that’s a result of the economy.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: I guess that leads to the second point of I guess you’re not seeing any strong evidence that the economy is starting to help stabilize unit counts? Certainly that would be the line it would show up in most?
John J. Degnan : I wouldn’t say strong evidence but we refer to it as a modest premium increase and we’re encouraged but not willing to declare victory or even that it’s a trend yet.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: One other small question, it looked like the level of short term investments was fairly elevated certainly versus yearend and somewhat versus where your normal run rate is. Is there any particular reason for that or is there just some timing?
Richard G. Spiro : It’s more timing than anything else. We had some maturities and frankly given what we’re seeing in terms of investment opportunities in the marketplace today we’re being a little more cautious and waiting for things that we find attractive so it’s a combination of those factors. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Walsh – Citi.
Keith Walsh – Citi: First for John, just going back to CCI, I’m looking at the 84% retention rate with a 1% increase in renewal rates so maybe if you can just talk about what has been the range of retention historically at CCI?
John D. Finnegan : Right where we are now, almost on for five and 10 years, it’s almost where it is. If you go back far enough when we started pruning the book back in the late 90s early 2000s, we kind of led the charge there. Of course, we had combined ratios well in to the 100s at that point, our retention rates did fall off but I mean it’s been pretty darn consistent since then.
Keith Walsh – Citi: I guess what I’m trying to reconcile is why wouldn’t retention be lower? You’re getting an uptick in renewal rates but your competition is supposedly pricing very aggressively. 
John J. Degnan : Well, we’re getting a modest uptick, we’re a better company. We’re getting a modest uptick in premiums but we sell to niche specialists who like and buy our kind of insurance.
John D. Finnegan : As a base line case, over the years, we probably have somewhat higher rates than many of our competitors. We provide what we think is better service. So I don’t think that’s an unusual rate relationship. It sounds like if you went back in time five years you’d find we were underpricing the competitors. We would consider ourselves a top of market, a premium company.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Then Ricky, just first on the regulatory side, any thoughts about capital changes in the business going forward? Then, if you can talk about what you view as the core ROE of the Chubb franchise over the cycle?
Richard G. Spiro : In terms of the regulatory issues, I mean the only one I think I would call out is Solvency II. In Europe we do have a European operation, a pretty significant one so they will be dealing with the capital requirement issues and the other related issues to Solvency II. As far as it goes in the US, I think it’s a little premature to be talking about what regulatory changes may or may not happen in the coming years.  As far as ROE, we don’t really talk about an ROE over a cycle. We tend to talk about historically getting 10 points better than the rate of inflation as sort of our target for returns on equity. So that is sort of what I would point you towards in thinking about what we’re looking for.
John D. Finnegan : We’ve run over the last five year in excess of 15% on average and 15% or more in four of those five years.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer & Co.: I just have a broader question, generally it seems like your posture and positioning focuses on claims paying and the reputation you’ve accumulated over time. Does that proposition resonate less in longer tail lines particularly on the commercial side than shorter tails? If not, why not?
John J. Degnan : Actually the longer tail lines tend to have larger limits exposure. So it’s not only the claim paying reputation of Chubb but it’s creditworthiness that tends to make us a better relative market in those areas.
John D. Finnegan : Quite often in professional liability the person making the claim is a third party so it’s a little bit different situation. I think our reputation was established probably mostly in property but as John said, our creditworthiness and our ability to work with the customer on the long tail line is also a positive. Creditworthiness is as much a differentiator in short tail, a much bigger differentiator in long tail.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I guess AIG recently lost a case on Chinese drywall about the homeowners exclusion. I’m wondering if that’s a concern for you on masterpiece?
John J. Degnan : No, that was the AIG auto bond subsidiary that lost the case in Louisiana before a state court judge. First of all Ian, it was a homeowners policy and I would point out two things, first our policy language happily is different than that that was before the state court there. We have a provision dealing with corrosion which was not present in the same form in the AIG policy so it would not be an absolute decision to our own exposure which in homeowners in Louisiana would be pretty modest anyway. Secondly, a state court decision in Louisiana as we saw in Katrina is not the end of the story. There’s an excellent federal district court judge in charge of a multi district litigation in Louisiana, the same guy who handled many of the Katrina claims who has made it pretty clear that he’s going to take an active role in managing these litigations and a decision there, particularly if it was on language was similar to ours would worry me somewhat more. With respect to the claims that might come out of Chinese drywall other than homeowners, you know they fall under a variety of different commercial policies. They can come under the general liability policy or an environmental site liability, or a contractor’s pollution liability. All of them have particular coverage issues which would not be impacted by that decision but which will affect coverage. In the couple of handfuls of claims that we have on the commercial side we’re often not the primary rider so the language will ultimately adjust the claim because as you know the excess carriers follow forms to the language of the primary policy, will not necessarily be ours. We’re looking at what we have and reserving where appropriate but at the moment we’re not regarding this decision as a materially significant aspect.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: The corrosion terms you have, is that something that’s unusual for most homeowner’s policy or is that kind of common and AIG was uncommon for not having it?
John J. Degnan : That’s a good question and I can’t really speak to that. I should remind you too every claim is unique and is factual circumstances and in the policy language. I’m talking generally about coverage but not about rendering a generalized coverage opinion.
Operator:  At this time we have no further questions and I’d like to turn the call back over to you Mr. Finnegan for any additional or closing remarks.
John D. Finnegan : Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good evening.
Operator:  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Finnegan – Chairman, President and CEO John Degnan – Vice Chairman and COO Ricky Spiro – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Cliff Gallant – KBW Wealth Management Brian Meredith – UBS Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Chubb Corporation's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb's industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results may differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might take today, additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences to appear in Chubb's filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's fourth quarter 2009 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the fourth quarter of 2009, which are available on the Investors section of Chubb's Web site at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through February 26th, 2010. Those listening after January 28, 2010 should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thank you very much. We had another excellent quarter capping off a terrific year. Despite a weak economy and negative premium growths throughout the industry, we produced outstanding results for 2009, the second best operating income per share in Chubb's history, an ROE of 15.4%, and book value per share growth of 23% for the year. Each of our SPUs produced a combined ratio below 90% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. The drivers of our success have not changed. We have good underwriters. We have the best producers in the industry. We take care of our customers with unparalleled service. We invest conservatively. And we actively manage our capital. For the fourth quarter, operating income per share was up 5% to $1.56. For all of 2009, operating income per share was up 10% to $6.14. The strength of our fourth quarter performance is further evidenced by the fact that unlike many other companies in the industry, our operating results do not include increases in the net value of our alternative investments. For the fourth quarter, increases in the net value of alternative investments amounted to $159 million or $0.32 per share after tax. This increase is largely responsible for our net realized capital gains of $0.37 per share after tax bringing our fourth quarter reported net income to $2.03 per share, an increase of 80% over the quarter of 2008. On a net income basis, our return on equity in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 18%. Net written premiums for the fourth quarter were down 4% or 5% excluding currency, driven largely by lower exposures that have resulted from the decline in economic activity. Recent investment and underwriting results produced a GAAP book value per share of $47.09 at 2009 year-end. That's a 4% increase since September 30th, 2009, and a 23% increase since year-end 2008. Our capital position is excellent. And Ricky will talk about the progress we've made in our share buyback program. As you saw in our press release, we provided operating income per share guidance for 2010 of $5.15 to $5.55. I have more to say in guidance in my closing remarks. And now, John Degnan will discuss our operating performance.
John Degnan: Thanks, John. I'm going to begin with a review of the individual business unit results for the fourth quarter. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums were down 3%, and CPI produced a combined ratio of 80.7, slightly better than 2008's outstanding 80.9. CPI had negligible CAT in the fourth quarter, whereas in the fourth quarter of 2008, CPI had a 1.2% point benefit from CATs due to a downward revision of our estimates for losses from Hurricane Ike. On an ex-CAT basis, CPI's fourth quarter combined was 80.8 in 2009, contrasted with 82.1 in 2008, a great result. Homeowners premiums were down 4% with a combined ratio of 75.8. Personal auto premiums increased 3% driven by growth outside the US, and the combined ratio is 94.2. In other personal lines, premiums were down 7%, and the combined ratio was 75.5. Reduced purchases of new homes, cars, yachts, jewelry, and fine art continue to adversely affect premium growth. But it seems obvious to us, from our homeowners results particularly, that our masterpiece product in the superb claim service had backed it up, which were the subject of a very positive story in balance last week, continued to meet both our customers' needs and our shareholders' expectations. For the full year, CPI turned in a combined ratio of 84.1, three points better than 2008. Excluding CAT, CPI's combined ratio was 83.2 in 2009 and 81.7 in 2008. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, premiums were down 6% for the quarter. Premiums for multiple peril and property and marine were down only 3%, casualty was down about 5%. But worker's comp, the CCI line that is perhaps most impacted by the current adverse economic conditions, was down 18%. Worker's comp renewal retention was comparable to prior quarters, and renewal rates increased slightly. The worker's comp renewal exposures were down significantly due to lower payrolls resulting in an overall premium change of about negative 7% on renewal. In addition, there was a similar negative on fourth quarter worker's comp growth from audit premium adjustments related to prior quarters as actual payrolls turned out to be lower than original estimates. The balance of the decline of worker's comp premiums is due to fewer new business opportunities. CCI's combined ratio for the quarter was 89.9, compared to 88.8 in 2008. For the full year, CCI's combined ratio was 89.9, which was four points better than 2008. Excluding CAT, CCI's combined ratio was 88.7 in 2009 and 85.8 in 2008. CCI's renewal retention rate in the US was 84% for the quarter with an average renewal rate increase of 2%, evidence of our success in retaining business at profitable rates. The ratio of new to loss business in the US was 0.9 to a 1. At Chubb's Specialty Insurance, net written premiums were down 1% for the fourth quarter, and the combined ratio was 84.1, compared to 83.8 in the fourth quarter of 2008. For the full year, CSI's combined ratio was 84.1 in 2009 and 83.3 in 2008. Professional liability premiums declined two points in the fourth quarter, and the combined ratio was 89.5, compared to 88.4 in the fourth quarter of 2008. In the US, fourth quarter renewal retention was 84%, average renewal rate was up one point, and the ratio to new to loss business was 0.7 to 1. New business is hard to come by as some of our competitors appear to be willing to under-price new business with the expectation that they'll return to rate adequacy when a hardening market permits it. But as that's a game that can have a bad ending and it's a game we won't play. Surety fourth quarter net written premiums were up 80%, and profitability was strong with a combined ratio of 40.5 for the quarter and 37.4 for the year. We'd explained during our last several conference calls the adverse impact on premium growth, which results from the weakened global economic climate. So it was no surprise to us that Chubb's premiums for the year were down about 4% ex-currency. Exposures are down in all three lines of business. They run the gamut from lower luxury home construction and reduced purchases of valuable articles and personal items, to lower payrolls and fewer new plans and additions in commercial lines, to reduced M&A and IPO activity and professional liability. While we obviously have not yet seen all the year-end numbers for the industry, we believe that the economic environment has had a similar negative impact on the industry as a whole. As we ended 2009, there were some signs that an economic recovery was underway. But as we said in October, it will be a while before economic divisions are sufficiently robust to generate premium growth which is lag in the economic recovery. Accordingly, we expect the industry to experience negative premium growth in 2010 for the fourth consecutive year. However, if economic conditions improve, we would expect the incremental or (inaudible) improvements in premium trends over the course of the year. We obviously look for any signs of market firming. And based on what we have done over the past two years to centralize and make more efficient our processing, along with managing our superb distribution system, we are poised to take advantage of any opportunity. So don't worry about our missing the signs. That said, they're not here yet. And when they do emerge, they'll probably be more incremental than dramatic, but we're ready. In the meantime, we'll continue to focus on good underwriting, solid bottom line results, and doing the things we need to do to be ready for more dramatic improvement down the line. Our ability to carefully navigate the shoals of the soft market while we're waiting for a return to more rational pricing in the industry should be evident in our ability to secure two points of average renewal rate increases in CCI, and three points in professional liability in 2009 in the midst of tough economic conditions and declining premiums. Last July, I gave you a comprehensive overview of how we were assessing our exposure to credit crisis claims, which have emerged over the past three accident years, 2007, '08, and '09. In the six months since then, the observations relied upon to support our conclusion that we are prudently reserving those accident years for such claims remain accurate, and in some cases, even more convincing. I described the exposure-based analysis we prefer to use to establish our reserve, in contrast to the methods which start with an industry exposure pick, and then extrapolate the individual carrier exposure by allocating the industry estimate among carriers based on market share. Our own analysis looks at the actual claims we have and the developments in the underlying litigation. So the longer we have to manage our claims, the higher level of confidence we have in our estimates. As a result, six months later, we have a more developed experiential base on which to predicate our accident year estimates. And as a result, even – have even more confidence in assessment that current reserves are adequate. With respect to D&O securities transaction credit crisis claims, the last six months in Chubb's experience have not reduced significant additional D&O exposure. Both the Nera and the Cornerstone year-end reports confirmed Chubb's experience, noting a significant decline in 2009 of credit crisis related to securities transaction filings. As for the financial sector claims where the greatest activity has occurred, one leading commentator concluded that all of the major cases that were profitable have already been filed and the pool was in effect fished out. With respect to E&O claims where there's been more activity relatively in credit crisis claims since early 2008, that continued in the second half of 2009. As I mentioned last year, a significant amount of this E&O claim activity involves investor class action claims that target the offering materials for credit derivative securities. They are typically brought against multiple defendants including the issuers, underwriters, and the rating agency that were involved in the offerings. We cover only some of these defendants. And of those we do cover, we had already received claims for most of them. In our July call, I also discussed a number of mitigating factors affecting our potential E&O exposures in these claims, including the type of insurers we have in these claims, our limits and excess attachments profiles, significant defenses for liability, and mitigating coverage issues. Given that the continuing claims activity in the fourth quarter involves many of the same insurers and policies, which contain annual single aggregates of liability, these factors have not changed. As with earlier types of E&O claim activity, we're watching the development of these claims closely and believe that we're prudently deserving for the exposures we see developing. We continue to believe that in the end, the exposure we do have will be relatively lower in E&O than in D&O. The bottom line is that we're even more confident today than we were six months ago that we are adequately reserved for the accident years in which the claims have been made. Jumping back from the credit crisis claims activities for the moment, there have been varying reports over the past several weeks about the trend in 2009 of overall securities transactions, some of those reports suggesting that there has been a dramatic increase. For our purposes and we believe for those who are trying to assess insurance carriers exposure, the relevant statistics to look at is not the number of filings because that counts multiple defendants in a lawsuit including non-issue co-defendants such as law firms, and accounting firms, and investment banks as well as multiple lawsuits against one issuer, rather than simply the number of issuers sued. As a result, it tends to inflate or amplify losses because it doesn't clarify the actual limits exposed. Therefore, a count of the number of unique publicly traded companies sued in securities transactions as appears in the Cornerstone report is the preferable tool for analyzing exposure. In CSI, we take care to count the number of public companies sued in securities transactions, which drives the severity to this class, as opposed to counting the number of lawsuits or the number of defendants in each lawsuit. Our approach to industry statistics suggests that the number of securities transactions against publicly traded companies was down dramatically in 2009, in fact to the lowest point in the last six years, and comparable Cornerstone calculation shows a similar result and has the 2009 number the second lowest in the last six years. That's good news for professional liability carriers. With that, I'll turn it over to Ricky Spiro.
Ricky Spiro: Thanks, John. We're also very pleased with our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income continue to be strong, amounted to $436 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after tax was flat during the quarter at $317 million, impacted by the low yield environment, partially offset by a modest favorable effect of currency fluctuations on our international investments. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $193 million or $0.37 per share after tax. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we had net realized investment losses before tax of $250 million or $0.45 per share after tax. Let me elaborate for a moment on John's earlier comment on how we present the results of alternative investments. We include our share of the change in the net equity of our alternative investments in net realized investment gains and losses, which is not a component of operating income. In contrast, many of our competitors include the change in net equity from their alternative investments in investment income, and therefore in operating income. The distinction is important when comparing operating results among different P&C companies. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2009, our net realized investment gains before tax included $169 million of gains from our alternative investment portfolio, including $90 million from a single private equity investment. In the fourth quarter of 2008, our net realized investment losses before tax included a $125 million of losses from our alternative investments. On an after tax basis, we have net realized investment gains from alternative investments of $0.32 per share in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to net realized investment losses of $0.23 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008. As a result, we had a $0.55 per share after tax improvement in the performance of our alternative investments in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. This positive swing is not reflected in our increase in operating income in the fourth quarter of '09, compared to the year earlier quarter, but it is recognized in that income. Unrealized depreciation before tax at December 31st, 2009 declined to $1.6 billion from $1.8 billion at the end of the third quarter. This decrease was largely attributable to the increase in Treasury rates during the fourth quarter. The total carrying value of our consolidated and investment portfolio was $42 billion as of December 31st, 2009, unchanged from the end of the third quarter. The composition of our portfolio also remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our fixed maturity portfolio is 4.1 years, and the average credit is AA, too. We also continue to have excellent liquidity of the holding company. At December 31st, 2009, our holding company portfolio included $2.6 billion of investments, including $1 billion of short term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at December 31, '09 was $47.09, compared to $38.13 at year-end 2008, an increase of 23%. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sales fixed maturities at amortized costs, was $44.37, compared to $38.38 at 2008 year-end. As for reserves, we estimate that we had favorable development in the fourth quarter of 2009 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows, in CPI, we had about $35 million; CCI, we had about $40 million; CSI, had about a $125 million; and, reinsurance assumed had about $15 million; bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $215 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the fourth quarter combined ratio of about 7.5 points overall. For comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2008, we had about $210 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $40 million in CPI, $30 million in CCI, $115 million in CSI, and $25 million in reinsurance assumed. The favorable impact on the combined ratio in the fourth quarter of 2008 was about 7 points. During the fourth quarter of 2009, our loss reserves increased by $26 million, including an increase of $74 million for the insurance business, and a decrease of $48 million for the reinsurance assumed business, which is in run off. The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $70 million. The expense ratio for the quarter is 30.1, compared to 30.4 in the fourth quarter of 2008. Turning to capital management, we were very active with our share buyback program during the fourth quarter. We repurchased $9.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $489 million. This completed the $20 million share repurchase program we announced in December 2008. Last month, we announced a new $25 million share repurchase program, and we began in December to buy back shares under the new authorization. Our intention is to complete this new repurchase program by the end of the year. The average cost of our repurchases in 2009 was $47.09 per share. And now, I'll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. You all know 2009 was another challenging year for the economy in general. In this environment, Chubb performed extremely well in both the fourth quarter and the full year. Here are the highlights. For the fourth quarter, we had operating income per share of $1.66. For the full year, we had operating income per share of $6.14 and operating ROE of 15.4% even after five years of soft market conditions. These results were achieved through disciplined underwriting and a focus on bottom line profitability rather than premium growth. We also enjoyed a substantial fourth quarter net realized capital gain bringing net income for the year to $2.2 billion, a 21% increase over 2008. Premium renewal rates of CCI and CSI continued to be positive in the fourth quarter as they have been all year. Our conservative investment portfolio continued to perform well and remains a major contributor to the strength and stability of our balance sheet. Book value per share increased 4% in the three months ended December 31, and was up 23% for the full year. We continue to manage our capital for share repurchases and dividends, while still leaving us sufficient capital to maintain our ratings and take advantage of any significant upturn in insurance market conditions. We have developed our 2010 guidance within the following framework, we are assuming that the industry will continue to experience a decline in net written premiums, that capital losses will revert to more historical average, and that interest rates in the US dollar will remain at 2009 year-end levels. On that basis, we expect operating income per share to be in the range of $5.15 to $5.55. This guidance is based on our expectation that net written premiums will be flat to down 2%, including about a 2% point positive impact of currency based on current exchange rates. We'll have a combined ratio of 90 to 92 for the year based on a combined ratio of 90 to 93 for CPI, 92 to 95 for CCI, and 84 to 87 for CSI. Property and casualty investment income will be flat. Finally, we will have $328 million average diluted shares outstanding for the year. The guidance assumes 3% points of catastrophe losses in line with our historical average. This compares to the unusually benign 0.8 points of CATs we had in 2009. In terms of sensitivity, the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe loss in 2010 operating income per share is approximately $0.22. At the mid-point of the guidance range, our projected operating income per share for 2010 is down $0.79 from our actual operating income in 2009. About $0.50 of this anticipated year-over-year decline relates to the higher assumed level of CATs in 2010 versus the unusually low level in 2009. The balance largely reflects the negative impact of the continued soft market on both the margins and lower earn premium, which more than offsets the positive effect of our stock buyback program. In summary, Chubb posted terrific results in 2009 in a difficult industry environment. Going forward, we expect 2010 to continue to present major for the industry related to both the economy and the likelihood that CATs will increase this year to levels more aligned with historical experience. Accordingly, we expect earnings to decline in 2010, but to levels that will still be attractive by historical standards especially that – given that we're on the sixth year of a soft market. Moreover, we believe that excellent capital position, conservative investment portfolio, and strong credit ratings will allow us to leverage our demonstrated underwriting talent to generate solid returns in an uncertain economic environment, capital on market opportunities and rate increases as they materialize. And with that, I'll open up the call the line to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll pause for one moment. We will take our first question from Dan Johnson with Citadel Investment Group.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Thank you very much. I'm still trying to digest the two numbers, so bear with me if we're making any mistakes here. But can we talk a little bit about the outlook for CSI please? I guess I have two questions. When looking on an accident year basis, I'm coming up with something a high 90% number for this year, 2009. And we're going with that GAAP number in the mid-80s. Can you help us walk from – walk us through the accident year starting point of '09 getting us to your GAAP reported estimates for 2010 please? And then I got a follow up on the fourth quarter.
John Finnegan: Why don't we start with '09. There're a lot of questions there. '09, I guess our accident year ex-CAT number for '09 was – in CSI was 97.9. So we reported for the year – we reported in CSI in 2009 total favorable development of $390 million.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Okay. Great. That's exactly what I was coming up with. And then starting with the accident year number of 97-something, getting a stack down to the mid-80s, can you walk us through the key variables that get us there?
John Finnegan: For the year, we had 13 points of – 14 points of favorable development.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: No, I'm sorry. I meant for next year. So do we – effectively, do we – we're accounting on a similar level of prior period development or is there something we think is going to happen with the accident year numbers, mainly within liability? I'm assuming the loss ratio I'm sure is not going to go much further down than whatever the three points were this year.
John Finnegan: I think to start off with – our projected guidance in CSI for 2010 looks pretty much like our reported for 2009. It's up about 1.5 point, I think. We don't break out favorable development versus accident year. We develop guidance under a number of scenarios, with a number of ranges. Our guidance does comprehend any development that does occur, but it is not specifically identified that could come in a variety of ways. I would say that if the loss – if the favorable loss trends we've had over the last few years continue, we'll expect to see some favorable development again in professional liability in 2009. Also, with respect to the 2010 accident year, we don't even establish yet (inaudible) your number until we get into the first quarter. But as John indicated, we believe that the credit crisis appears to be subsiding. I think that this is reinforced by the data indicating that security transaction litigation was down significantly in the last half of 2009. Of course, I certainly have a reason to believe that 2010 could be a better accident year than 2009. And it's just a projection at this point, but we’ll update our assessment as we get into the first quarter.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Then maybe the last question on the fourth quarter was the accident year number and ESI poked its head over a little bit of 103 based on my calculation, up a good maybe seven or eight points. Anything unique there or anything we want to not extrapolate into the next year?
John Finnegan: Definitely nothing to extrapolate, but I would say that we did have a couple of unusual – with had a conflict of – a couple of large unusual losses in the fourth quarter, which brought our combined ratios over 108 in the fourth quarter on an accident year basis. And they were basically at Fidelity and crime losses arising out of none made of Ponzi schemes, and in fact, one case in outright embezzlement.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Great. Thank you for answering the questions.
Operator: And moving on to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Good evening, everyone. Two questions, the first one involved the reinvestment rate that you are thinking about when you contemplate net investment income for 2010. We see a guidance going of – going flat, that seems to me to imply that you’re expecting a new money yields to continue to decline for some time. I just want to understand your thought process on how you forecast that?
Ricky Spiro: Sure. As you just mentioned, our projection is that investment income is going to be flat. Again, remember that we don't include any raw alternatives in that number. For the fourth quarter we earned an after tax yield on our TNC invested assets of about 3.34%. In 2010, we actually expect our after tax yields are going to be lower. As a result, lower investment yields on some of our maturing investments. So we actually have the re-investment rate going down in 2010.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: And in terms of the makeup of that portfolio, would you be – continue to shorten duration of – as about as lowering the yield?
Ricky Spiro: At this point, our intention is to continue with the investment strategy that we have today. So it’s possible that the ratio may drift down a little bit if we don't see investment opportunities. But it's certainly not a conscious decision to dramatically lower the duration.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. And the second question involves the up-tick in personal auto combined. I’m wondering if you just have some thoughts in that.
John Finnegan: Remember that’s a very small line for us. It’s not a big line if the small auto books, results aren't stable from quarter-to-quarter. We had a few more accidents. But for the full year of 2009, a combined with 90.4, a pretty good result versus 87.6 in 2008. And we have more favorable development in the fourth quarter of 2008. So I mean there's been – I don't think there is anything significant there. That’s moved around every quarter. It doesn’t take much to move it around.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Thanks, and good afternoon. Could you give us a sense on trends in new business pricing in CCI?
John Degnan: Our new business is highly competitive across the three SPUs and CCI. If it’s an account that’s out for new business, weak price to exposures as Jay. So we generally will get a little price on a new – a little less rate on a new account than we will on a renewal account. We’re seeing some fairly aggressive pricings still in the market. It’s episodic. It varies by geography. It varies by carrier. But it’s not unusual for a new piece of business to be seeing a quote that’s as high as 25% to 30% lower than the expiring. Not from us generally, but from our competitors. So pricing is still fairly aggressive and the marketplace is very competitive in new business for CCI. That said, we’re seeing about a 5% up-tick in submissions. We write about 15% to 20% of submissions we normally get. So we’re seeing a nice flow of new business, but because we priced to exposure and we’re selective about how we do it. And because generally, on a historical basis, we only write about 20% of the new submissions we see. We’re benefiting from it, but modestly.
John Finnegan: Jay, you should note that given our new to loss business, our percentage of our total business, which is new business in CCI, has dropped significantly over the last few years because of that competitive situation. We tried to retain our pricing discipline. It’s very difficult to win new business with such a discipline. You get some, but we – our new to loss is 0.9 to 1 this quarter. The percentage of our total business probably dropped with the low teens from maybe high teens, 20% only a few years back.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Right. The separate issue – the prim to surplus is now down to 0.76. It's the lowest it's been in at least a couple of years. I’m wondering why you might not choose to buy back stock faster than the current pace you've outlined.
John Finnegan: Jay, I guess to answer that question, obviously as active capital management is one of our core operating principals. Since the end of ’05, we’ve repurchased $6 billion of our common stock. In deciding how much stock to buy back, we’ve taken into account a number of factors, including the size of our excess capital position, which we believe is substantial, other investment opportunities, the rating agencies, our stock price, the market environment, the divided paying capacity of our subs, and the needs of our holding company. And we believe that our current $25 million share repurchase program appropriately down to these considerations and reflects our continued commitment to returning capital to our shareholders. So at this point, we don't see – we have no expectation to change the size of our buyback program
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Thanks for the answer.
Operator: Moving on to Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Hi, good evening. On the loss cost trends for the nonprofessional liability business, could you give us a sense for that and how they're trending?
John Degnan: Yes. We’re generally seeing a decrease in frequency, although that’s only one of the many factors that we use in assessing how loss costs are developing. Their debt new rise are down about 2% overall. They're up in some classes of business and down and others. We’re seeing only a very modest increase in loss costs themselves. It varies by line of business. And we generally assume some place between the 3% and 5% inflation pressure. That's offset by other things that we take into consideration, like inflation adjusted pricing for some lines of business where we price according to anticipated sales or the amount of payroll. So frequency and severity combined are generally benign. We haven't seen any dramatic change in the trends that would cause us to react dramatically. And there are two packets of that – several that we look upon to judge how the market is –how these costs are going to play out over the future.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s great. The follow up for that would be, it seems that you are getting a small amount of rate increase, at least you actually did get a small amount, 1% to 2% in the fourth quarter. Just curious, since the frequency trends are very favorable and the profitability is very good, are you surprised that the competition is not more than it is right now?
John Degnan: The competition is as strong as we would like to see it. I’m not surprised that it isn’t any stronger. You got to remember, our book is more niche focused. We’re less of a commodity player than some of our competitors. So as you said correctly, we got a point rate in CSI in the fourth quarter, and two points in CCI. Overall for the year ,we have three points in CSI and two points for CCI. We're able to do that because of the way we position ourselves in selling our products. We’re niche providers on a value-added proposition basis. We sell our claim service and our support service. So we’re able to get, on a relative basis to our competitors, a little more rate out of it. That’s not a commentary on the level of competition in the market lately. It’s very significant.
John Finnegan: Place in perspective, the industry ran one-on-one this year with a very benign CAT environment. So they start off with – at a normal CAT environment, 103 to 104 next year. The industry isn’t getting one and two point rate increase. If the industry is still getting negative rates, cost is still – increase is still positive. So you want to speculate that you’re going to get a 105 to 110 combined ratio in 2010 for the industry and moving up until rates turn around. So I don't think that there’s a lot of room for sensibly cutting rates in this industry
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s it. Thanks for your answers.
Operator: And Cliff Gallant with KBW Wealth Management has our next question.
Cliff Gallant – KBW Wealth Management: Good evening. In the answer to Jay’s question about excess capital, I didn’t hear acquisitions among that list of uses. I'm curious with – I presume it'd still be a pretty significant excess capital position and a lot of T&T companies now trading at or below book value. Why aren’t acquisitions on that list of uses?
John Finnegan: We’re one of them, unfortunately. We’re really at book value ourselves or a little bit over. Acquisitions are obviously always (inaudible) and the past. I suggested it’s not a priority of Chubb. I don't think the history of acquisition from this industry has been a successful one. And I don't – never say never, but I don't think acquisitions are really one of our major priorities.
Cliff Gallant – KBW Wealth Management: Okay.
Operator: Brian Meredith of UBS is next.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Yes. Thanks. Good evening, everybody. Two quick questions, the first one, John, can you talk a little bit about your expectations on what pricing is going to look like going to Tier 4 for the professional liability business particularly since it seems like losses have turned out much better than expected? And you've seen some reports from some of the brokers saying that they expect competition to increase in that line of business, particularly for some side A coverage.
John Degnan: Well, we’re still expecting to pursue a rate where it's appropriate in those kinds of coverages. We’ve seen though – to be honest, Brian, in financial institutions, we’re now in the third year of getting significant double digit rating pieces. So it might abate somewhat with respect to financial institutions next year. But I don't think that the loss scenario, especially for many of our competitors, is sufficiently played out at this point that there’ll be reduced pressure on the need to get additional rate through to 2010. It may not be dramatic, but I think people will be pushing for it and we will as well. In selling our products and where we're willing to play and what our specialized knowledge in value added is – our outlook is that we’ll get a some rate through to 2010, hopefully, more towards the end of the year than in the beginning.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Okay. Great. And then, the next question on the CCI business, I'm just curious, if you look back to’98, ’99, your retention rates on that business were low 70s where you’re low 80s today. Do you think we need to get back to those types of retention rates before we’re getting material movement in pricing?
John Degnan: In the late ‘90s and early 2000s, we were running well in excess of 100 in combined ratio in CCI. We had a major problem there. We said, when we announced it, there are rate initiatives in ’99 that we were prepared to lose $300 million to $400 million worth of premium in order to get rates up and get pricing right. So we were prepared in inflecting that to let the retentions drift down into the mid even to the low 70s in some quarters. But historically over the last five years, CCI has run at about an 84 retention. And over the last 10 years, I think 181. So we’re pretty happy with the 84 we’re running at now. We think that’s probably where we ought to be. It’s a balance. We’re not going to push rate so much that we're non-renewing good business that’s performing well. On the other hand, so we are very conscious of our retention rate. There’s no perceived need on our part to let it go down as far as you’re suggesting.
Brian Meredith – UBS: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And moving on to Jay Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Two questions, first, on the statutory surplus. It looks like your surplus went up about $850 million in the quarter, but your net income for the whole company was only $700 million. I’m wondering where the rest come from. Was there some accounting changes?
Ricky Spiro: Yes. There was one accounting change related to the NAIC treatment of deferred tax assets under statutory accounting that resulted in an increase of north of $200 million to our surplus. So that’s probably a big piece of that. There were a couple of other adjustments in and out that had an impact as well, but that was a major one.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, Ricky. And I guess the next question, a follow-up on the share repurchase, looking back at 2007 and your – it went back about 40 million shares that year at higher valuation. It's quite higher valuation than you’re trading now. Your premium to surplus ratio then was 1 to 1. Now it’s 0.76 to 1. I don't understand why you wouldn't to be – should refer to that kind of pace given the dramatic amount of excess capital you have to purchase then and a lower valuation? What’s changed since 2007?
John Finnegan: Well I think there’s been a far more, far greater uncertainty in the industry and the economy to 2007 for one. I mean there are not too many companies buying back stock at this point in time, of course. Secondly, we don't think, premium to surplus, we did have a big run up in surplus at ESPRN, which reduces that ratio a little bit perhaps more than expected. But if premium to the surplus and at lagging – in a declining economic environment tends to overstate to some degree, the excess capital is going to impact in reserves and premiums. We delayed for a little while early this year doing the buy-back. We then accelerated to finish one buy-back program and we’ve announced another, which is kind of in line with our past programs. we continue to revisit it. There’s a lot of factors that go into it. Maybe you get it right, maybe you don't but we will continue to revisit. If what we think we’re – we feel that where we are refer now.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It seems that the phase you’re talking about you’re still going to be at the end of the year at about the same – I know it’s not the best measure to use, but it is a pretty simplistic one I know. Same premiums to surplus ratio you’re at now. You’re not going to really use that much excess capital till it look like?
John Finnegan: Well, yes hopefully. But I would think the industry – what, if you look at an average in the industry when it comes out this year, it was like the industry premium to surplus will be 0.8, 0.85. I mean, we’re not going to be particularly low on premium to surplus.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And moving on to Michael Menessy with Oppenheimer
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer: Thank you. Just a question in CSI. Can you talk about what years generated most of that development and maybe discuss a little bit about development in ENO and TNO separately?
John Degnan: Sure. In CSI – is that what you asked that?
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer: Yes.
John Degnan: And the vast majority of the stable development in the quarter was in professional liability. It was driven principally by the accident in years 2004 to 2006. And there was also some favorable development in our surety book as well.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer: Okay. And if we look back at the developed loss ratios for maybe the last couple of years ’07. ’08, can you talk about where those are today?
John Finnegan: I just say that in the fourth quarter even if – I don't have the history here, but in the fourth quarter, probably an offset, I think are – development was unfavorable in 2008. So we got a 1.5 and it was favorable in 2007 by more than 1.5.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer: Okay. And then if I could one follow up on that share repurchase – you mentioned the economy, if top line is sensitive to the economy. So if the economy contracts and demand for insurance receipts, wouldn't that arrive more opportunity to potentially buy back stocks and so it’ll need less capital than you anticipate today?
John Finnegan: Yes. Our projection is it that the premium growth will recede to get more negative than it is today. We’re suggesting at 2010 the first half will look a little bit like 2009 and hopefully will pick up towards the second half, given it a little bit that year in 2009. I would say that the premiums continue with the current level. We’ll obviously have to reassess our capital position on our stock buy-back program for sure.
Michael Nannizzi – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan is next.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good evening. A numbers question here just – do you have the estimated liquidity at the holding company as of yearend.
John Finnegan: Yes. Total invested assets for holding company is $2.5 billion, of which a billion is in short term investments.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Okay. And what would you normally say your – the kind of required amount of liquidity is at the hold go?
John Finnegan: Yes. We tried to maintain at least $1 billion at the holding company, which is the level that the rating agencies consider as the appropriate as well.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Okay. So most of the buy backs are effectively will be funded by the statutory – by divided of statutory income for ’09, not anything necessarily incremental from the old go? So is that a fair way to think about it?
John Finnegan: Well, I think a fair way to think about it will be that the buyback will be done out of the holding company with our excess cash position. Some of which will be replaced by dividend from the operating companies or in the course of the year.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: I’m just saying, I guess, there isn’t any reason to believe you want to take your full divided this year though?
John Finnegan: No.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Okay. The last other last –other question I had just had more to do with other personal lines – product line and TPI. And just, you’ve seen some pretty market improvement margins in that product over the last four or five quarters in particular. I guess, are there any specific trends that are driving that that you could share with us?
John Finnegan: Yes. I guess two, I mean, one, is we have a paying some rate increases, which is always positive. And second, we got some modest favorable development in that line. So the trends in that line had been very good. They were bad for a long time. They’ve been very good lately.
Matthew Heimermann – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Perfect. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And Ian Guttermann with Adage Capital has the next question.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi guys. I have some professional library questions. The first is – the difference in your back class actions having picked and strength to the client. I’ve seen that data as well. But the other data I’ve seen, I guess, on the other side is that other classes like (inaudible) claims, judiciary things like that or – are near record high. So can you talk about what you’re seeing in a non-class action side of – do ?
John Finnegan: Yes. We’re actually seeing a – something of a decline in overall securities class action cases as well in Chubb’s book, which is not inconsistent with what we’re seeing in the credit prices claims. There was a theory originally that the credit crisis claims were being brought in sufficient numbers with the pent up demand by the plaintiffs’ bard to bring additional cases. That’s not being materialized in the flow of some various class action cases that we’re seeing.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I guess, I’d asked a little bit tip in there . So my understanding is that the plaintiff’s bard is now not filing in this cause actions of filing them to other methods. Big claims or judiciary or fraud, other types of filings?
John Finnegan: Yes. There is an increase in the tenancy to use either state courts or to try to bring claims under either state courses of action or non-security class action cases. They generally, we don't think will drive the same severities as security class actions themselves have driven. We’re not noticing a significant up-tick in activity in those kinds of claims in our book although, it is a phenomenon that people are commenting about.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. That’s (inaudible) –
John Degnan: This fiduciary for example ended was up 2% for the quarter and down 5% for the year. So new rise ups . I mean, it’s jumped back and forth but it’s hard to tell.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. I just want to make sure that you guys warn this as ethics first to some others to that trend. My other one is a defense cost. I’m hearing a lot of noise by defense cost stirring external problem. First layer is being completely born on defense, defense reaching into the lower access layers. What chance are you guys seeing in defense cost in your book?
John Finnegan: It’s pretty much more the same. I mean, there is an inflationary increase in defense cost that occurs annually. We take some fairly aggressive steps to manage those cost off with respect to tunnel counsel where we appoint the insured for the defense – we appoint the defense counsel for our insured, because that’s the duty to defend under the policy. And also in managing our lawyers that are appointed in the CSI defense where the insured has the right to pick their counsel. So we’re seeing some modest inflationary pressure on defense cost, but nothing unusual over the last several years. And frankly, we were managing more effectively going forward the half of the last (inaudible).
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And on the credit crisis claim as well, I mean, I guess I’ve heard a couple of brokers kind of tell me who the correct credit crisis claim because it’s pretty the same; however as the primary has to full on a loss even if they know once it gets passed motion to dismiss, we’re going to have a full on the loss just for defense cost no matter what the verdict is.
John Finnegan: You know that’s a generalization that I can understand people saying. I think you need to know more about the nature of the claim. If it is securities class action, credit crisis claim, the defense cost will be significant and we’ve always said that being the primary carrier exposes you much more heavily to defense cost. As , we reconstituted our book over the last several years and are playing while we – by no means, we’re still a primary carrier. We’re playing much more frequently at a higher attachment level on the net cost basis. And we did that precisely to reduce our exposure to the defense cost.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. I guess that’s what I was wondering. And now I’m hearing talk about Clipper defense more often and to the first access and to the extent that – I don't know how well a job you guys have done or you think you’re kind of first have done. That the first excess is really priced for the risk of defense cost. Or could that be a surprise to the industry?
John Degnan: When this surprise does I will speak to the (inaudible).
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And after that, I guess this is my last one is – side A, and then I – this give me a lot of fact over the last years about – since the last psycho fact to move to side A being more conservative and not being sure to good and the kid are under (inaudible) quality. And again, it almost sounds like that I’m discerning the back part a little bit maybe that more of plain to just try and go for the – to rev these cases. And that side A (inaudible) to be more than just a typical bankruptcy cases and we’re getting more into side A than usual. Again, are you seeing some surprise there, or you hearing cases where work industry dumped an issue?
John Finnegan: Yes. Just for the sake of every one listening, side A gets triggered when the entity can't or won’t indemnify the director and officer who are the – usually the defense costs involved. We did see a significant up-tick in side A being implicated when derivative actions were brought heavily in connection with stock option back-gating where a lot of those claims came in not as securities class actions but as derivatives or as both, but wound up settling fairly early as derivative cases. And side A took a hit there overall. We’ve not seen the same thing developing with respect to credit crisis class actions. There are much more heavily oriented toward the traditional securities class action liability than derivative. And they’re heavily oriented toward E&O as well (inaudible).
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: All right. Great. Very thorough I got answers. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And now we’ll move on to a follow up questions from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Ricky, I know this will probably by in the 10-K. What would the impact be on book value for 1% or 100-bit parallel shift in interest rates?
Ricky Spiro: Sure. As I mentioned, the duration of our bond portfolio is a little north of four years caught somewhere between four, four-and-a-half years. The total amount of our bond portfolio is in the $34 billion, $35 billion range, so 100 basis point move would be equal to around $1.5 billion on a pre-tax basis. I would caution you though that more than half of our bond portfolio is in municipal securities. And you need 10 to move differently than Treasury at a – not on a one-to-one basis. So I will think that it will be lower than that amount, somewhere in the $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion range pre-tax. Bear in mind though, that’s an instantaneous shift all at the same time. And there would be some other mitigating factors should the interest rates start to move, including higher reinvestment rates and other things. But that the impact is what I just said.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Right, tighter spread as well probably.
John Finnegan: Correct. And an improving economy, which could impact other parts of the business as well.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: That’s a helpful point of reference. Thanks.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Good evening. One small question. I just wanted to go down a little bit into the guidance related to the premium growth. You start by assuming a couple of points of positive from currency. And you also add that you had – expect the couple of point of positive rate in both PL and CCI. When I weigh those things together with an economy that is likely to be at least modestly growing, I guess the only conclusion I reached is that you must be assuming a fairly significant amount of new to loss businesses. You may be a 0.8 or 0.7 new to loss business ratio in order to square all of those factors and come out to that level of guidance.
John Finnegan: I think that a – no, I don’t think that at all. But I can see where you can get that, went up the big fact to your – you're putting as exposure of course and the lower insurable assets due to the economy. First, we didn’t say – I don't know, we don't have any – that explicit rate forecast in the premium growth. We're thinking flat to a couple of points. But I mean, I don't – we’d like to get a couple of points. We’ll see. I think in this past year we saw a rate of a couple of points. We also saw our ex-currency – currency adjusted growth of negative 4% for the year and 5% for the quarter. What we’re suggesting for the upcoming year would be ex-net adjusted for currency growth of negative 2% to 4%, which shall – that assumes probably the first half of 2010, a little bit like the – all of 2009. And at the second half improves somewhat so that we end the year a little bit better off than 2009, and more importantly, hopefully, on an up swing.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time, gentlemen. I'll turn the conference back to you for closing remarks.
John Finnegan: Thank you very much. Have a good evening.
Operator: This does conclude our conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Richard G. Spiro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital David Small - JPMorgan Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Chubb Corporation's Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statement within the meaning of our Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's Management Team might may today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appear in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's third quarter 2009 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release with the financial supplement for the third quarter 2009, which are available on the investor section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replay of this webcast will be available through November 20, 2009. Those listening after October 22, 2009 should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Finnegan, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you. Chubb turned in another excellent quarter with outstanding underwriting results, a strong return on equity and substantial increase in book value. The weak economy reduced the volume of available business and resulted in a decline in net written premiums but renewal rates continued to be positive. Consistent with our commitments to managing the company for the bottom-line and building shareholder value we continue to adhere to the three pillars of our operating strategy. Disciplined underwriting, conservative investing and active capital management. Successful execution of this strategy is reflected in this quarter's terrific results. Operating income per share increased 68% to $1.56. Compared to the third quarter of 2008 the combined ratio improved 12.7 points to 85.4. We had 0.8 points of tax compared to the 13.6 points in last year's quarter, which included Hurricane Ike. While improvement in the combined ratio was driven by low CATs, our ex-CAT operating margins held up extremely well in a difficult environment. For the first nine months operating income per share was $4.49. The annualized nine month operating ROE was 15.3%. For the third quarter net written premiums declined 7%, or about 5% ex-currency, reflecting in large part reduced demand due to global recession. We had after tax net realized capital gains of 0.13 per share, primarily due to an increase in the value of our alternative investments. At September 30, the net unrealized depreciation before tax of all our investments stood at $1.8 billion, which is an increase of $1.3 billion over June 30. These investments and operating results produced a GAAP book value per share $45.43 at September 30. That's a 10% increase since June 30 and a 19% increase since year-end 2008. Our capital position is excellent and Ricky will talk about the progress we have made in our share buyback program. As you'll recall, in July we increased 2009 operating income per share guidance to a range of $5.20 to $5.50 per share. In light of third quarter results, we are again increasing guidance for 2009 to a range a $5.90 to $6 per share. I'll elaborate on the revised guidance in my closing remarks. And now John and Ricky will discuss our performance in more detail. John?
John J. Degnan: Thanks, John. I am going to begin this afternoon with a review of the individual business units for the third quarter. Chubb Personnel Insurance net written premiums declined 5% and currency accounted for about two of those points. CPI produced a combined ratio of 81.6 compared to the 100.7 last year. The impact of CAT losses in the third quarter of 2009 actually improved the combined ratio by about a point as modest CAT activity in the quarter was more than offset by subrogation recoveries for the California wild fires of 2007. By comparison CPI had 16.3 points of CATs in last year's third quarter due largely to Hurricane Ike. So excluding CAT, CPI's third quarter combined ratio was 82.6 this year, still almost 2 points better than last year's 84.4. Homeowners' premiums were down 4%. The combined ratio was 77.3. Personal Auto premiums declined 3% with a combined ratio of 87.2. In other Personal lines premiums declined 10% and the combined ratio with 90.9. At Chubb Commercial Insurance premiums were down 8% with about two points of that decline relating to currency. The combined ratio was 90.5 compared to last year's 106. CCI's third quarter included CAT losses of only 2.6 points compared with 19.9 points in 2008. So excluding CAT, CCI's third quarter combined ratio was 87.9 in 2009 and 86.1 in 2008. CCI achieved an overall three point U.S. renewal increase, a point better than the second quarter. And two points better than the first quarter. In the U.S. retention was 82% and the ratio of new to lost business 0.8 to 1. In the commercial market we're encouraged that we have not yet observed any general loosening of term and conditions. We have occasionally seen a couple of competitors gaining higher CAT sub-limits for earthquake or flood, without commensurate premium charges. But these cases have so far been isolated to some large commercial risks. At Chubb's Specialty Insurance, net written premiums were down 6%, about 4% excluding currency and the combined ratio was 83.6 compared to 82.3 in the third quarter of 2008. Premiums for professional liability were down five points, about two of which were attributable to currency and the combined ratio for professional liability was 90 compared to 84.3 in last year's third quarter, due mostly to lower favorable development. Average U.S. renewal rates for professional liability were up 3% over last year's third quarter. And that's the third consecutive quarter this year with positive rate change, although competitive pressures do appear to be increasing. Renewal retention in the U.S. was 84% and the ratio of new to lost business was 0.9 to 1. For Surety net return premiums were down 12% and the combined ratio was 32.5. Now let me put some color around these excellent results in the context of how we see the current insurance market environment. Excluding the effect of currency the run off of the reinsurance assumed business, our premiums were down in the quarter by 4.6%, driven primarily by exposure declines. As would be expected in this challenging economic environment there are increasing numbers of failed business, reduced payrolls, higher instances of audit returned premiums for prior period in lines such as workers comps, fewer new plans and additions, reduced M&A and IPO activity, higher deductibles and reduced levels of new valuable articles coverage. Reported results for the first six months of the year indicated that the economic environment had a similar impact on the industry as a whole. The decline in premium growth was about the same for the industry as for Chubb when adjusted for currency. Based on our experience it appears that the negative impact of the economy on the insurance marketing increased in the third quarter. Accordingly, while we cannot yet speak authoritatively to competitors third quarter results we expect that Chubb's third quarter decline in net written premiums will be generally consistent with overall industry results. Going forward, while certain indicators, such as stock market valuations suggest an economic recovery may be under way it is likely to be a slow incremental and fiscal process. The industry has a way to go before economic conditions are sufficiently robust to fund premium growth. As a result levels of premium growth for the industry are likely the lag any economic recovery. While top-line growth or the lack thereof is on every body is mind these day, I want to take this opportunity to remind you of Chubb's heritage as a disciplined underwriting company. We are committed to making an underwriting profit and will not chase the market for growth, where underlying margins are unacceptable. We will look at it every way to grow the business profitably. But will accept lower growth if adequate returns are not available. This focus on underwriting profitability has served Chubb well in the past and will continue to be the foundation of our operating velocity going forward. On the rate side, Chubb continued to obtain positive rates on renewals with year-over-year increases in the third quarter of about 3% on our overall commercial specialty book, consistent with the second quarter. This is a significant improvement from where we were only 12 to 18 months ago. We were also please that retention is running fairly close to historical levels. As we've said before the key ingredients for further rate increases are here, mainly an industry at a 100% combined ratio, cost escalation still in excess of rates and low investment yields. On the other hand there is an increasing number of tempering forces including the benign North American hurricane season, improved carrier balance sheets, decreased customer demand, increased customer price sensitivity and the fact that some of our competitors are benefiting from the government bailout. All of this suggests that progress on rate increases will be measured and implemental, at least well into 2010. Finally in previous calls I've discussed in detail our view of the credit crises claim environment, our diversified underwriting portfolio, our reaction to some of the market share based exposure estimates we've seen, and our confidence that we are prudently deserving to this category of rises. I won't (ph) repeat those views now, no doubt to the liking of most of you, but I do want to note that our experience since then does support their validity. So with that I will turn it over to Ricky.
Richard G. Spiro: Thanks, John. As you've already heard we are obviously very pleased with our financial performance in the third quarter. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income continued to be strong amounting to $423 million in the quarter. Property and casualty investment income after-tax declined by 3% in the quarter to $317 million. As in the past several quarters this decline was due primarily to lower yields on our short term investments and currency fluctuations on our international investment. Net income was higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $69 million or 0.13 per share after tax. Our net realized investment gains before tax included $65 million of gains on our alternative investments portfolio, impairment charges of $20 million and $24 million of realized gains from the sales of securities. For comparative purposes we should keep in mind that we have consistently included our share of the change in the net equity of our alternative investments and net realized investment gains and losses. Some of our competitors included their alternative investment gains and losses in investment income. Unrealized depreciation before tax at September 30 rose to $1.8 billion from $512 million at the end of the second quarter. The substantial increase was due to the overall improvement in the global capital market during the quarter which led to strong performance across all of our asset classes. Turning to our investment portfolio, the total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio increased to $42 billion as of September 30, 2009 from $40.3 billion at the end of the second quarter. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of fixed maturity portfolio is 4.2 years and the average credit rating is AA2. We also continue to have excellent liquidity as a holding company. At September 30 our holding company portfolio included $2.7 billion of investments, including $1.2 billion of short term investments. Book value per share under GAAP at September 30 was $45.43 compared to $38.13 at year-end 2008 and $38.25 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized cost was $42.31 compared to $38.38 at 2008 year-end and $39.14 a year ago. As for reserves we estimate that we had favorable development in the third quarter of 2009 on prior reserve by SBU as follows: In CPI we had about 65 million; CCI has 13 million; CSI had 100 million; and reinsurance assumed had about 10 million, bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $205 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the third quarter combined ratio of about seven points overall. For comparison in the third quarter of 2008, we had about $210 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about 15 million in CPI; 60 million in CCI; 125 million in CSI and 10 million reinsurance assumed. During the third quarter, our loss reserves increased by $322 million. Reserves in our reinsurance assumed business, which is now in runoff declined by 38 million. Reserves in the insurance business increased by $360 million during the quarter. The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $185 million. The expense ratio for the third quarter was 31.2 compared to last year's 30.2. Actual expenses in dollars were down but the ratio increased, due primarily to the effect of lower net written premium. Finally, I want to give you an update on capital management. During the third quarter, we repurchased 8.7 million shares at an aggregate cost of $412 million. The average cost of our purchases this year through September 30 was $45.11 per share. As of September 30, there were 7 million shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization. And as we said during our last earnings call, our intention is to complete the repurchase of all of these remaining shares by the end of the year. As you heard earlier and as we have demonstrated over time, active capital management is one of the pillars of our core operating strategy. Till the end of 2005, we have repurchased approximately $5.5 billion of our common stock. We will review our 2010 share repurchase plans with our Board in December. John will discuss our updated guidance in his closing remarks. John?
John D. Finnegan: Chubb has performance extremely well in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2009. Here are some highlights. For the third quarter net operating income per share was $1.56 and annualized operating ROE of 15.5%, even on the heels of five years of soft market conditions. For the first nine months we had operating income per share of $4.49 and annualized operating ROE of 15.3%. These results were achieved through disciplined underwriting and a focus on bottom-line profitability rather than premium growth. Premium renewal rates at CCI and CSI continue to be positive as they have been all year. Our investment portfolio continued to perform well, with unrealized appreciation before tax of $1.8 billion as of September 30, reflecting substantial increases in the value of all components of our holdings. Book value per share increased 10% in a three months ended September 30 and is up 19% since year end 2008. We maintained a strong capital position which will enable us to complete our current share repurchase program by year-end while still leaving us sufficient capital to take advantage of any significant upturn in the insurance market conditions. Let me conclude with a few comments on the revised guidance we announced in today's press release. Based on our excellent third quarter results and our outlook for a strong fourth quarter, we are updating our 2009 calendar year operating income per share guidance from the $5.20 to $5.50 we provided in July to a new range of $5.19 to $6 per share. This revised 2009 operating income per share guidance is based on an assumption of 354 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year, the same as in our July guidance. Our revised guidance also assumed two percentage points of CAT for the fourth quarter, which would result in 1.3 points of CAT for the calendar year. This compares for the full year CAT assumption of three points included in our July guidance. The impact on operating income per share of each point of CAT in the fourth quarter is about $0.05. As you work on your models for next year please note that we expect our guidance for 2010 which we usually issue at the time we report fourth quarter results in January will incorporate a more normalized long term CAT assumption, probably in the three to four point CAT range. We believe it will not be prudent to expect a repeat at this year's extremely mild weather. For perspective, based on the current share count, the difference between 3.5 point CAT assumption and this year's 1.3 point CAT assumption on a standalone basis, an adverse impact on operating income per share of about $0.45. And with that we will open it to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll go first to Matthew Heimermann.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Hi, gentlemen. That was real quick. Couple of questions if I may. I guess first in can you just give us a color on the work comp line. And in particular, I'm just trying to get a sense of how actually your margins are comparing year-on-year given that on a calendar year basis obviously there is a pretty dramatic bump up.
John Finnegan: Yeah. There work comp Matt is negative 9% this quarter. So premiums for worker's comp though on an industry wide basis have declined about 15% over the last over two years 2006 to 2008 while our premiums were down only about 5%. The book is still profitable, both year-to-date and in the third quarter. Little less so in the third quarter this year due primarily to two things, one large loss and some less favorable development this year.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay. But there is still you're seeing still favorable development there? Or there is absence of favorable versus favorable last year?
John Finnegan: It's actually about flat this quarter.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay. And then it -- that large loss, I mean is that because you had kind of elevated last ration's in that line now, I think the first three quarters of this year, is that something that's been affecting every quarter or is there just a trend that's been affecting a particular portion of the book every quarter? I am just...
John Finnegan: I think, Matt that our combined ratio this year is 91.5. Third quarter was 95.7. That reflected the effect of the one large loss. Now but certainly to be fair, worker's comp has had some margin compression over the last year or two, given what's happened to rates. 91.5 though is terrific by historical trends, I think you'd agree and probably 15 points better than the industry as a whole.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: No, that's fair, I just don't want to make the mistake of assuming the type of deterioration we've seen on year-on-year. So I would just -- but the color is helpful there. Two other; just kind of clean up questions I guess. One just on the reassurance assumed; what's the unearned premium reserve loss there,
John Finnegan: Fairly insignificant, Matt. Not much at all.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just with respect to auto, it looks like you kind hit an inflection point with respect to some of the growth weakness you've seen in the first half of the year. And I just wondered if it's anything you need to yet point out there or is that just random mess at this point in the numbers?
Richard Spiro: You are talking about growth?
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Yeah, would the decline really moderated versus first half?
Richard Spiro: We had some more robust growth outside the U.S. in auto in the third quarter this year which affected those numbers.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll move onto KBW's Cliff Gallant.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good afternoon.
John Finnegan: Hi.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Firstly; give a little bit more color in terms of your new business. But you talked about 2% up on your renewals. Is there any color you could give on how your how pricing on new business might compare to what the expiring rates were on business you win or even business that you lost with respect to how much competitors were cutting by at all because of where in recent weeks if there's been any change in direction of pricing. Thank you.
John Finnegan: Couple of points, submissions were up a bit this year on the commercial line side, probably about four points. We write about 20% submissions that we get. To your specific question about how they performed, the renewal business, is more surprising is more seasoned and tends to perform better than the new business. But the probability is driven more by the renewal business where commercial and specialty retentions run low to mid 80s. In this softer market though we're deliberately adding less new business then in prior years, which is giving us a very stable book overall. Pricing tends to be a little lower on new business then it does on renewal business, particularly in the marketplace where they think that we're adding it very judiciously and cautiously.
John Degnan: I think, if we could, Cliff by historical standards, that percentage of new business to total business is well down from previous year. So it's a small percentage probably about 13, 14%.
John Finnegan: Yeah. Round about five.
John Degnan: Down 5.6.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Vinay Misquith from Credit Swiss.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi good evening. In terms of pricing and rate increases, could you help us understand how rate increases compared with loss cost trends right now?
John Degnan: Well, loss cost trends differ by line of business. In the commercial lines we generally plan to about a four point increase in loss costs driven mostly by netable and so they will be higher in some one than others. So rate across the board in commercial is up three points this quarter. It varies on line to line. Property tend to lead casualty a little more in our ability to take rate.
John Finnegan: I wouldn't think that we have much margin compression in commercial at today's pricing. It's generally applying the four points to the loss ratio which is be more like 60% of the total. So I don't think we see much market -- I think we gotten to the point we are getting close to a an equal equilibrium point. But we are not certainly generating higher ex-EBITDA margin at this month.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sounds fair enough. And Infinity reported such good results and you had another competitor also report great results this quarter. What you think is going to happen with pricing over the next six to nine months?
John Finnegan: Well, as I said in the introductory remarks there is every reason to believe that pricing and rates order will be going up in the industry. And I won't repeat the reasons why. On the other hand there are a lot of contravening impacts as well on the economy and price sensitively of customers and the need for risk managers to reduce their insurance buying and insurance premiums being a likely target of cost reduction. We do think that premiums will eventually begin to be more robust and reflecting rate but it's going to be an incremental process and a bit lumpy and play out overtime. And as I said we think it' going to lag economic development. I can't put a precise economic -- return to economic robustness. I can't put a specific time line on it.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. And one last question on the professional liability lines. I believe you mentioned that the competition was increasing if you could elaborate on that please?
John Finnegan: Yeah, there is some new entrants. There are also some players who have been in the business for a while who decided that this is an opportune time to move down from high access levels to primary levels and do it on the basis, take the business on the basis of price. Eventually we have a lot more experience. We're sure that they'll pay the price with their decision and rue. We'll write it. We may move up in order to get our price. We'll write it if we can get our price. And then we'll it bide our time until we can come back at levels where we traditionally played.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Next from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, Jay Cohen.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thank you. It looks like in your commercial business that the actual year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe losses improved from the first half of the year. And I'm wondering if there is anything behind that. And then maybe related to that, did you report any current year favorable development? Any favorable development from the first half of the year, that wouldn't be prior year but maybe prior period?
John Finnegan: No. Let me go through the for the third quarter overall our CAT combined ratio was 91.4. We had the third quarter favorable development was only dead-on third quarter 2008. So you were pretty much then looking at the ex-CAT comparison and it was less than a one point increase in CPI, about a one point increase in CCI. 1.5 point decrease in CSI. There has been no significant change, Jay in CCI. It actually is running reasonably well, right on what we expected. I don't think that third quarter was in any way significantly different. In answer to your question, I know one of our competitors does follow that convention of reporting entry year, accident year development. We don't, I don't think most companies do. It doesn't in the end obviously affect the bottom line at the end of the year. But we don't make that adjustment during the year.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move onto Terry Shu with Pioneer Investments.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: You've commented quite a bit on the impact of the economy on the top line. Can you also comment on the impact of the economy, weak economy on losses? Has that helped on a net-net basis loss frequency. So as we see the top line improve with economy improving, well, do you think from a qualitative standpoint would also impact loss frequency?
Richard Spiro: Well, it's hard to establish a direct correlation between the economy and frequency of the book. But along the lines of your question, frequency is generally down in most of our lines in the mid low single digits from six to 8% except in ex-CAT number in property where it's up a little bit. But overall the newer rights count year-to-date is down 6%, is down 9% overall in this quarter. So clearly the frequency trends are to our liking. While renewal writing accounts are down 6% in the third quarter, we think that's partially due to reduced mileage being driven and the high cost of gasoline. So I am not sure I can establish a direct correlation but we're pleased with the way frequency has been going. And this has been a trend over the last several quarters.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: So is the number you cited is the cost, not just personal lines, personal auto but also commercial line, this mid single digit decline in frequency.
Richard Spiro: That's correct. Auto's down 8% year-to-date, both in auto liability and auto physical damage. I can give me more breakdown if you want.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: Thanks. So again from a net basis the weak economy could have in fact helped profit. That is pressure on the top line but the bottom line of the underwriting came in better is that it.
John Finnegan: I don't think that we could say that. We could say that our loss trends continue to be quite favorable. But probably lots of reasons out there which the economy might suggest, the economy might be one but seven points in the top line will be tough to offset and loss trends of the economy.
John Degnan: I'd like to think some of it has to do with good underwriting.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: And the other question is that you've been experiencing, you and one of your major competitors modest rate increases but steady rate increases. We haven't quite seen that in prior cycles, that carrier or insurers are able to achieve rate phases even though there hasn't been sort of a collapse in profitability. So this is some what unusual, is it not that the industry is over a 100, not yourself than the other for sure players in the industry in aggregate. And you are still able to achieve modest rate increase even in a tough economic environment. So it's somewhat unusual?
John Finnegan: Well, your description is correct. I mean a little bit lumpiness in the ability of carriers to get rate. Some carriers can get it, some can't. But even those carriers like us that are getting it are getting it more in some lines than we are in others. But if you look back at the last, the end of the last soft market, prior to September 11 in 2001, the rate taking was also a bit lumpy. It wasn't consistent across the board among carriers or among lines of business. So it was the catastrophic event of that attack that turned the market hard in a broad based way and began to ride the tide and what the boats were driven.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: Right, so results were a lot worse back then compared to now. Results overall are okay. And you're doing very, very well and the industry is still kind of hanging in there.
John Finnegan: Absolutely. I won't agree with you that results are okay. We're doing very well, I agree with that part. We think the industry is running at least a hundred and may be very well running on an accident year higher than a hundred combined ratio. They just don't know it yet.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: Fair enough. So that the gap has widened yourself and certain other carriers versus the industry average.
John Finnegan: Actually, we've been saying for three quarters of the year so that there are going to be certain companies that win in this environment and certain companies that don't. And I think that's beginning to show.
Terry Shu - Pioneer Investments: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next we will from Jay Gelb, Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: On the capital management front, it looks like through the nine and based on the guidance for the rest of the year, it could generate operating earnings in access of $2 billion and that looks like share buybacks would be less than $1 billion. Can you talk about why you are looking to deploy the difference in capital?
Richard Spiro: Sure, Jay, how are you doing. It's Ricky. We continue to believe that we have a substantial excess capital position. We're going to use that capital to fund our buyback program. As John mention in his remarks, should there be a turn in the market place in terms of the insurance rate environment, we think we have enough capital to fund that as well. And then we're going to rework at our buyback program as we always do in December, discuss it with our Board based on our outlook and decide what we are going to do. But part of our strategy is always to focus on capital management. And if we don't have better uses for capital, return excess capital to the shareholders.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay.
John Finnegan: Jay, I think you have add in the -- when you look at that comparison you have to throw in the dividend in terms of use of capital. Then any premium paid on share buyback which fortunately hasn't been that great so far this year but any premium would go to reduce capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: That's a fair point. And than on the separate issue would be on our professional liability. One of your competitors last quarter disclosed their net policy, when it's exposed to banks so far in 2009, I don't know if Chubb has gone through that exercise and if you have, if you might be willing to disclose what that would be. And then if you can also touch on the recent trend of increased industry losses from derivative claims on five days if you can provide some thoughts on that, that will be helpful. Thank you.
John Finnegan: As you know, we've never disclose net line limits for a particular category of business. I don't think it's a relevant number in terms of what true exposure is. We are pretty happy with way the community banks are developing. They have been about a 110 billions over the last 18 months or so. We are not on 10%. We're on significantly less than 10%. And at relatively low average limits, well to give you a net line total without discussing coverage issues and liability potential and the like would be more misleading that it would be accurate. I am sorry; I missed the second part of the question, what was that?
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Second part was on the derivative claim exposure on side AD no coverage?
John Finnegan: In the stock option back dating we saw a lot more side A being attacked because there was a preponderance of derivative claims rather than securities class action plans. I would say with respectable credit crisis and the non credit crisis actions have been filed in the third quarter. They are predominantly either securities class actions or other forms of actions at State and Federal Court, bur primarily not derivative. Unless bankruptcy increase significantly, because as you know side A only triggered where the company is unable to indemnify its board or its officers. I don't think that side A is going to be under the same attack now that it was with respect to the derivative coverages that were dominated in investment. Stock option, I'm sorry, in stock option back dating.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, if I can seek one more in. What was the trend on new rising claims and do you know in 3Q?
John Finnegan: It was actually DNO for the third quarter, new count was down 5%. It's down 17% to date. ENO was up in the third quarter. But that reflects what I described last time is that likelihood, the credit card disclaims are going to attach more to ENO coverage's written by carriers. Overall, our total specialty book is up a point in third quarter and down two points year-to-date in terms of newer rise counts.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Ian Gunnerman with Aegis Capital (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, couple of numbers here, one I guess on CPI the pipe is higher than it's been in a while. Was that over reached or something, it may be a one time?
John Finnegan: Yes. that we -- we had broadly favorable prior year development across all three lines in CPI, including a significant benefit from some prior year catastrophes and we did have a fairly sizeable recovery from the California wild fires.
Unidentified Analyst: Got okay. Thank you. In CCI the annuity loss was below one that's the first time in at least a while, I came in how long but could you just talk a little bit about that? And has that increased competition? Is that resistance to your price increases what do you think is driving that?
John Finnegan: Yeah, I think it's reflects the underwriting discipline that we have had the Marshall to deal with this kind of marketplace, but I talked earlier our renewal business tends to perform better than our new business in this marketplace with the level of competition we're being fairly judicious in our willingness to put new business on the line. We've priced to the exposure. If we can't get the adequate price we're not going to put it under the book. But basically I'd say disciplined underwriting is the primary explanation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And out of four lines at CCI or they are below one rate now or there a couple of other various things and loss ratio gat worse than the others? I don't need the exact numbers. But the trend wise.
John Finnegan: Yes I don't have it by line but I'd say generally all of them are around 0.9 to 1, among the line to get in CCI.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, then if I could just ask one on the economic impact. I understand the economy will cover that. It to some extent should create more momentum to be able to get pricing there as prices recover and so forth. But I guess I am a little concerned, I am wondering your point of view on this, that when someone's gone hungry for a while and you give them the opportunity to eat, they tend to overeat, right? And I guess my concern is, if we start to see exposure come back, those people who have wanted to grow, but couldn't they're maybe going to get over aggressive for whatever new growth is out there. And maybe we actually pressing averse when the economy recovers?
John Finnegan: Well, we don't tell just price though. I don't disagree with that statement. Historically, you can prove it to me many times, but Chubb is a company that sales a value added proposition. Particularly, in this climate, even if the economy does recover, I think we're more likely to be able to sell our financial strength and ratings today than we nave been. We've navigated those markets before. Many of those companies that you indicate might do that no longer are around to compete with us. In the end, some of that's is about winning economic system that we're still in it and in the end those who do it will pay their fears in price and those of who are strong enough to navigate the shows while it's going on will prosper.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). David Small, JPMorgan has next question.
David Small - JPMorgan: Yeah, just a few questions. You mentioned that frequency was down 9% in the quarter that seems to have improved sequentially based on your comments. Can you just help us understand, is that the level of frequency that you're assuming in your pricing?
John Finnegan: No. I don't think. That would actually occur. Obviously, we take, we don't adjust it every month. So what's going on in the market we take a little bit longer time view.
David Small - JPMorgan: So could you help us to understand may be the implied frequency trend that's in your pricing?
John Finnegan: Got to have differ by every line.
Richard Spiro: To be honest, it's not a large factor in our underwriting criteria. It's very difficult to predict, we do estimate what costs and right the business that add but don't factor in the minority, single criterion for frequency.
David Small - JPMorgan: Well you must have some assumption for and severity that goes into your pricing I would imagine?
John Finnegan: Yeah, we tried a loss -- projected loss course that some on historical basis with the help of the actuaries and how we performed. And we projected out based on what our expected guidance is.
David Small - JPMorgan: So I guess the question is though, it seems loss costs are coming in lower than you projected, so are you lowering your projected loss costs in the future when your pricing now?
Richard Spiro: Our loss costs -- usually the actuaries and we take a little but longer term view of loss costs. So and as we talk about people often asked about inflation and the impact on our pricing and reserving. We take a longer term view, the view is somewhat higher in loss costs and inflation would run today. But, because that we don't adjust to every point change in actual in lost costs changes. Again a lot of these lines are long, long-term lines, where severity can change over a period of time and that pay out for a longer period. So we have to take a little bit longer term view.
David Small - JPMorgan: And then could you just maybe -- have you seen any change in the rate environment since as the capital markets are covered in the third quarter and I guess is there as some of the trouble players I guess received cover from the governments and then they've been -- and then other players have benefited from kind of credit spreads coming in. Does that change the rate environments at all?
Richard Spiro: I think the third quarter rates was about positive three for us overall commercial specialty which was precisely what it was at the second, but I don't think the rate environment can easier out there.
David Small - JPMorgan: I guess that I am asking you as if you thought about it month by month within the third quarter was better than the first half of the third quarter than in the latter half?
Richard Spiro: That's tough. We had a -- I think it's fair to say we had an upward trend for negative five, then plus three over a number of quarters. And we didn't see it improve in the third quarter, we're stable in the third quarter and I suspect that we don't expect to see any big improvement as John talked about in the near term. I don't know whether we expect to see anything deterioration either.
David Small - JPMorgan: And then you mentioned that obviously pricing varies by line and you said you're getting rate in some lines and not in others. Could you maybe just give us a little bit more color on that comment?
Richard Spiro: Okay. John if you want to take profession liability, its obvious that through a little obviously you're getting far better raise than most other parts of profession liability but of course there are reasons for that, right.
John Finnegan: Yeah. Professional liability rates have went up 3% and the third quarter they were up 4 in the second quarter. So steering up what John said. It's FI that continues to see the most significant upward trends; they're got 22% rate increases during the third quarter compared to 7% rate increases in the third quarter of '08 and 14% for the whole year of '08. We're getting more modest levels of rates and publicly rates went up overall in U.S. professional liability lines 3% during the third quarter which compares to a minus 2 in the second quarter of last year or a minus 2 for the full year last year. We continue to see improved rate movements in the third quarter for all the major professional liability classes except publicly which was flat, but not negative.
John Degnan: And on CCI I think all CMP casualty and property overran by at around a 3 point net increased mark. That are pretty constant, there wasn't huge changes except that our DFI got a deal.
David Small - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
John Finnegan: Welcome.
Operator: And from Sandler O'Neill & Partners, Paul Newsome.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Good afternoon and thanks for the call. I wanted to home in a little bit on the economic sensitive topic. My recollection please correct if I am wrong, was that historically some lines benefits, some lines didn't from a claims perspective. And it seems like this time around the economic sensitive lines like the surety that would ordinarily get bad or worse in the recession to be almost gotten better. And, do you think that recollection is correct and why would lines like surety in particular do so well when you would anticipate normally deteriorating results and obviously there is some underwriting going on, it looks like it's a broader trend because you're not alone.
John Finnegan: Maybe some lines of business are more sensitive to economic conditions. But the payroll driven part for example would be one property and commercial lines whether a fewer plans in addition towards the another. Let me talk to surety for a moment, surety did slowdown its growth in the U.S. and Canada in the third quarter. We have modest growth outside the U.S. through September year-to-date. But overall surety is a line of business that looks better on the numbers, but it's lumpy and it's highly volatile. We had a very large loss in the third quarter of last year. That didn't replicated so this year we have combine and enviable combined ratio here income 35.2, I think which is just modestly above our expense ratio. So we essentially have now losses but it's a lumpy business. It is economically sensitive in many ways and increases the burden on the underwriters to be more intensely involved in monitoring the business plans of the companies for whom we write surety. We generally been a very conservative, but significant surety player. And we're watching developments now as people who have been stressed by the economic conditions this year, beginning to bid on jobs next year. We get involved in those bids if it will involve a certain dollar threshold they have latitude to write, if they are is sustaining the account for us bids below a certain threshold by $5 million. Above that we get involved in the actual bids we underwrite them above a certain level we actually get involved in review and contracts and assessing a right way to profitability. We're watching very closely their position of credit burdens on them. The GAAP financing is prevalent in the marketplace today; a lot of surety insurers are not capable of sustaining that kind of balance sheet debt. And we're working and it will affect our willingness to surety going forward. So our surety is much better in the third quarter, and I wouldn't necessarily agree that it tends to do better in a poor economy.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: So, I would imagine so there is actually there is worse in the poor economy, yet it usually don't?
John Finnegan: Yeah, that would be the normal expectation we haven't seen it yet and I think that really is a function of the way which we underwrite is accounts; surety is one of those lines of business which is particularly sensitive to the credit ratings of their carriers. And frankly carriers have a lot more leverage in selling surety then they do in selling standard property and casualty premiums and we're leveraging that very well today in our relationship. We added more accounts when we dropped in 2009 but we have dropped several accounts because we were no longer satisfied with the credit ratings as of the rest.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: So do you think it may be that you squeezed out some of these. And I can imagine that for example the surety line that we haven't see bankrupt construction companies that can't finish buildings. They can get a few outside like window.
John Finnegan: Well they're not our surety accounts, we haven't seen it.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay.
John Finnegan: But we very well may. And we're underwriting for that possibility maybe even as you suggest probably.
John Finnegan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Matthew Heimermann from JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Just to quick follow up was, can you just with respect to lost cost trends embedded in pricing. Are weight increases that you're seeing across your segments big enough now that they're actually keeping pace with loss cost trend or do we need more to actually get ahead of that?
John Finnegan: Let me go back. Each individual line is different of course, but just as a rule of sum, if you think of maybe last question is running from three to six points depending on what line you end. And again as I say that's a pretty conservative approach in a world when CPI is zero; but take that into account if somebody's paid for a longer period of time and you have to look at longer term trends. If you look at that and you took pricing of three points then I'd say you probably about covering, because again loss costs are based on your loss ratio, not your full premium. So obviously four or five points of loss escalation is equivalent to about three points of price or rate I should say. So, for the last two quarters, I'd say that for the first time we've seen probably almost no margin compression, but its two quarters, I mean that before that of course for two or three years we did see margin compression.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to you for the additional or closing comments.
John Finnegan: Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer  John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer  Richard G. Spiro - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital  Joshua Shanker - Citi  Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan  Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse  Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cohen - BAS-ML  Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray  
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Chubb Corporation’s Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Before we begin Chubb has asked me to make the following statements: In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results may differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb’s management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb’s filings with the SEC.  In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today’s presentation of Chubb’s second quarter 2009 financial results, Chubb’s management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the second quarter 2009 which are available on the Investor section of Chubb’s website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this web cast will be available through August 21, 2009. Those listening after July 23, 2009 should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I would like to turn the program over to Mr. Finnegan.
John Finnegan:  Good afternoon. Chubb turned into an outstanding quarter in every respect, despite the recessionary conditions in the US and around the world. We had terrific underwriting results and our investment portfolio performed extremely well. Operating income per share increased 6% to $1.49. On the underwriting side our combined ratio improved 2.6 points to 85.9. We have 1.5 of cats compared to 5.4 points in last years quarter. P&C investment income after tax was adversely affected by foreign currency translation as well as lower yields, but declined only 5% to a solid $312 million.  For the first six months operating income per share was $2.92 which translates into an annualized operating ROE of 15.2%. For the second quarter net written premiums declined 7%, or about 3% ex-currency, reflecting in large part reduced demand due to global recession.  We are very pleased that our investment portfolio produced a net realized capital gain before tax of $27 million. At June 30 our net unrealized depreciation before tax stood at $512 million which is an increase of $229 million over March 31.  The upshot of these investments and operating results was a $2.25 increase in our reported book value per share to $41.44 per share at June 30, 2009 compared to March 31, 2009. Our capital position is excellent and Ricky Spiro will talk about our decision to accelerate our currently authorized share buy back and complete it by year-end. As you will recall, last January we provided 2009 operating income guidance of $4.80 to $5.20 per share. Based on our performance in the first six months and our outlook for the second half, we are increasing guidance to a range of $5.20 to $5.50 per share. I will elaborate on the revised guidance in my closing remarks. Now John Degnan and Ricky Spiro will discuss our performance in more detail.
John Degnan:  Thanks, John. Let me begin tonight with a review of the individual business units for the second quarter. We are very pleased by their results and by the inherent underwriting talent and discipline that produced them.  Currency again, had a large impact on the quarter. I am going to highlight it where appropriate as I did three months ago. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums declined 5%, but currency accounted for about four of those points. CPI produced a combined ratio of 84.2 compared to 81.9 last year. Cat losses were 3.2 points in the second quarter of 2009 compared to 4.5 points a year earlier.  Homeowner’s premiums were down 5% and the combined ratio was a strong 80.7 including 4.7 points of tax. Personal Auto premiums declined 9% with a combined ratio of 90.5 and in Other Personal Lines premiums declined 2% and the combined ratio was 90.7. CCI’s performance in a difficult economic environment is a tribute, we think, to the franchise value of our brand, which is holding up nicely in a competitive market. At Chubb Commercial Insurance premiums were down 7%, but about 3 points of that decline related to currency. The combined ratio was 89.2 compared to last years 93.7. CCI’s second quarter included cat losses of 1.2 points compared to 9.2 in 2008. The real story in CCI is its determined and consistent drive to secure rate increases as reflected in its overall 2.0 US renewal rate increase which improved a point over the first quarter and continued a trend of improving rates in each of the last four quarters. The progress has been gradual and incremental, but it has also been steady and disciplined and it has been accomplished with a pretty good retention rate of 83 and a ratio of new to lost business in the US of 1:1. At Chubb’s Specialty Insurance net written premiums were down 6%, but only about 2% excluding currency and the combined ratio was 83.9 or 5.4 points better than 2008’s second quarter combined ratio of 89.3. Premiums for Professional Liability were down 7%, about 4 points of which were attributable to currency. The combined ratio for Professional Liability was 90.1 compared to 84 in last years second quarter, due primarily to a lower amount of favorable development. Here again, the story is one of even more significant rate taking. Average US renewal rates for professional liability were up 4% over last years second quarter. This is the third successive quarter of positive rate change and an improving trend in rate over the past seven quarters.  While renewal retention in the US was down a bit to 83% and the ratio of new to lost business was 0.9 to 1.0, we believe this is an acceptable trade off for such substantial rate improvement., most noticeable in public B&O and financial institutions D&O, but also in most other professional lines. For surety net written premiums were flat, profitability was strong, it had a virtually loss free combined ratio of 38.5 for the quarter.  As we indicated three months ago, there are four major developments which we thought would continue to have an impact through 2009, currency, market dislocation, the weakening economy and rating trends. About 24% of our premiums in the first half of 2009 came from outside the US. As a result, our net written premium growth in dollars was affected by the movement in exchange rates of the major currencies in which we conduct our business.  In the first six months of this year the exchange rates to the dollar were volatile with the dollar generally stronger than it was in the first half of 2008. The effect of the year-over-year strengthening of the dollar was to reduce our overall premium growth in the first half of 2009 by about 4 points. That is of our 7.0 decline in net written premium growth in the first half of 2009 about 4 points were attributable to currency. Assuming exchange rates remain constant for the remainder of the year we expect the impact of currency to moderate in the third quarter and to be insignificant in the fourth quarter. The second major factor affecting 2009 markets are business opportunities arising from insurance market dislocation. Our experience in the second quarter reflects a continued, but somewhat more modest and certainly uneven flow of business opportunities being presented to us as a result of the weakened financial condition of some of our competitors. There are several factors at work here. Many customers remain in a wait and see mode about the consequences of insuring with government supported insurers and the movement of business has slowed somewhat. However, where accounts are credit sensitive, such as REITS or real estate investment trusts, professional liability, [long tail] liability lines such as SS Casualty, and high network personal lines and surety, there is often a flight to quality. In short, where the insured requires or cannot afford the higher security that flows from our ratings, we are seeing business move.  How market dislocation potential plays out for the balance of the year is hard to predict. There are some fundamental unanswered questions. Will severely distressed carriers propped up by government funding and with reduced accountability to shareholders elevate the market share over responsible underwriting and disrupt the normal marketplace constraints of supply and demand? Will the Federal government, which distressingly seems to be settling in as a long-term shareholder act like one and demand adequate returns, or will it elevate social policy agendas over normal business driven return expectations? Ultimately will government control influence buyers to move toward or away from such companies? Rhetorically one might ask if consumers are unlikely to buy a car built by the government why on earth would they want to buy an insurance policy underwritten and adjusted by folks who act more like bureaucrats than business people?  As for us, we will be opportunistic and responsible, but not reliant on large amounts of market-dislocated business to achieve our guidance, and we will compete vigorously against companies which are unsustainable, but for government bailouts. The third factor, a significantly weaker economy continues to have a negative impact on the business opportunities we otherwise would have seen in the second quarter. The recessionary shrinkage of sales and payroll and investments in insurable assets all mean lower insurance exposures in such CCI businesses as Workers Comp, general liability, or marine, and in commercial oil as well as in CSI as a result of lower limits and higher deductibles. As a result quantifiable, renewable exposure, that is the level of coverage on contract renewals, is down 3 points from CCI and 1 point from CSI in the second quarter.  The industry is also experiencing many loss business opportunities from depressed economic activity which are not picked up in this exposure metric since they don’t strictly relate to coverage decreases on contract renewals. For example, a drop off in construction activity has resulted in a decline in premium written in our Surety business and in CCI’s Builders Risk business. IN CPI the slow down in the construction of high-end homes and declining housing prices have affected our ability to grow our Homeowners business. In addition we have experienced higher deductibles, lowered limits, fewer endorsements for jewelry and fine arts.  In the case of CSI our professionally growth has been hurt by fewer IPO’s and reduced M&A transactions in areas of meaningful premium contributions in the past. These opportunity costs from the weaker economy are hard to quantify, but probably had a greater adverse affect on second quarter growth than the more readily quantifiable declines in renewal exposure. Going forward, the weaker economy is likely to continue to adversely impact premium growth potential throughout 2009 due to both lower exposure and less business opportunity, despite what we see as a continued positive rate environment.  That leads me to the fourth factor affecting the market; that is the trend in rates. We have seen our US renewal rate changes in both CCI and CSI continue to improve incrementally over the last several quarters. The commercial lines year-over-year rate change improved consistently from -6% in the second quarter last year to +2% in the second quarter of this year, a very encouraging 8 point swing. In our Professional Liability lines year-over-year rates in the US moved from a 3% in the second quarter of last year to +4% in the second quarter of this year, a 7.0 swing. While we continue to believe we are at an early stage of an incipient market turn, we have to acknowledge that events in the second quarter make us slightly less sanguine about the pace and steadiness of that improvement. Improving capital markets, additional government intervention, a distressed economy, and carriers who seem to be holding their rates on renewal, but drastically reducing new business rates, all have slowed the process down. We remain committed to pricing our products to their exposure and we will continue to responsibly take rate where it is warranting, but it does look like the process of real market hardening might take longer to play out. Bear in mind that forecasts in this area are notoriously fraught with uncertainty given the unpredictability of events such as major cats and their effects on market hardening.  Turning to credit crisis claims experience. I want to note that many of the points I have been making during our last several calls seem to be being confirmed, at least for now, in both industry trends and in our own experience. For example, that predicted wave of D&O litigation does not seem to be materializing yet and we are now about two years into this developing claims scenario in an arena which has been traditionally characterized by a rush to the courthouse on the part of plaintiff’s lawyers.  In fact, as reflected in the Stanford Cornerstone 2009 mid-year assessment that was issued just this week, new shareholder securities Class Action filings were down significantly in the first half of 2009 when 87 Securities Class Actions were filed compared to 112 in the first half of 2008, a decline of over 20%. Only 35 of those actions were filed in the second quarter of 2009, that is the lowest quarterly filing since the first quarter of 2007 and a 43% decline from the fourth quarter of 2008. That report concluded that the recent decline in market volatility raises the possibility of a return to the subdued levels of filing activity that were observed from the third quarter of 2005 until the second quarter of 2007. Similarly in another publication, the D&O Diary, which differs somewhat in that the claims it counts and how it counts them are calculated somewhat differently, reports 94 Securities Class Actions filed in the first half of 2009, also a low 35 in the second quarter, 59 in the first quarter, compared to 113 in the first half of 2008. Moreover, because D&O policies have aggregate limits, which can be exhausted, it is important to look beyond just the number of Securities Class Action filings and focus on the number of publicly traded companies that are sued because obviously multiple claims against one company in the same policy year expose only one limit of liability. Most of the reports you see cited don’t do this, but the Stanford Cornerstone report I have been talking about has begun to do it. So, while the total number of filings in all of 2009, if the trend were to continue consistent with the first half, would be down by 22.3%. The total number of issuers sued would actually decline year-over-year by 39.3%. In fact, if the number of publicly traded issuers sued in the first half of 2009 were annualized it would be the lowest number of publicly traded issuers sued since 1997. In addition, as we expected, the same report confirms that the litigation remains disproportionately focused on financial institutions. In fact 67% of all the actions filed in 2009. That is a sector where we believe the underwriting strategies I have previously described will serve us particularly well. Finally, the disclosure loss dollar index that is maintained by Stanford Cornerstone, which is an attempt to monitor the magnitude of losses claimed in Securities Class Action litigations, was down 63% from the second half of 2008 and is 30% lower than the historical average. These trends are largely consistent with our own experience at Chubb. We have said that our exposure will arise from three types of policies, D&O, E&O, and fiduciary. That hasn’t changed. With respect to D&O credit crisis claims we noted in January that Chubb’s new claims activity was down in the second half of 2008 from the first half of that year. While there were a few more claims in the first half of 2009 relative to the second half of 2008, the number is still below the first half of 2008. Moreover, the beneficial impact of our underwriting strategies reflected in my characterization last July of our D&O claims had more than 1/3 saw A only, more than 80% excess and almost 90% with limits of $15 million or less has played out with remarkable consistency. A year later, at the end of June 2009, our D&O claims remain 31% side A only, 75% excess and 94% with limits of $15 million or under.  I will not repeat to you all, all of the reasons we believe Securities Class Actions and credit crisis claims need to be assessed in the context of higher pleading standards, more benign factual under pinnings, often in absence in fraud, and the attended reduced likelihood of a payday complaint firm. The bottom line is that everything we are seeing bolsters our confidence that we are setting prudent reserves for this category of losses.  With respect to E&O claims I noted in January that the flow of new claims had been steady, but not overwhelming. In the first half of 2009 there were an increased number of new claims, but 80% of them were repeat claims against previously identified insured’s. The actual number of new insured’s sued in each of the last six quarters has remained steady and at a relatively low level.  A significant amount of our more recent E&O claim activity involves investor claims including Class Action investor claims that target the offerings of credit derivative securities such as mortgage-backed securities or asset backed securities, collateralized debt obligations too. These actions typically are brought against multiple defendants, the issuers, the underwriters and the rating agencies involved in the offerings, and allege that the nature and risk of the complex financial securities were misrepresented in their offering materials.  Not surprisingly many of the same entities, in particular rating agencies and investment banking firms appear as defendants in a number of these actions. We are going to continue to watch the development of these claims closely, but we currently see this evolving claim dynamic is subject to several mitigating factors for our potential E&O exposure. First, the big players in many of these offerings both as issuers and lead underwriters are the major US investment banks and as I have mentioned repeatedly during these calls shall for the most part cease writing US E&O insurance for the major US investment banks before the credit crisis.  Although we do write E&O insurance for some other financial institutions that participated in these offerings their participations in these offerings tended to be very small, thereby limiting their potential exposure. The programs of insurance that they have, have very high per claim deductibles, typically between $25 and $100 million and our participations in those programs tend to be at high excess levels with typical limits of $15 million or less. Moreover, those defendants have significant defenses to liability and may be contractually entitled to indemnification from the user. Finally, with respect to the third line we thought was exposed, the fiduciary line, there were no additional credit crisis claims in the first half of 2009 and obviously our outlook here remains the same regarding the relatively low potential for significant losses. In determining the adequacy of our reserves we relied primarily on our own perspective of our ultimate loss exposure which is based on actual claims and limits exposed, reflects coverage issues, is sensitive to the unique composition of our book as determined by our underwriting appetite in strategies, and is informed by our substantial experience in managing such losses. We believe that such an exposure analysis offers the best potential for establishing prudent reserves; however we certainly follow and understand the few attempts that have been made to estimate ultimate industry credit crisis losses which are based upon a projected total industry exposure.  At this stage of the emerging losses I would simply comment that such estimates are highly speculative and often do not sufficiently reflect company specific variables when they attempt to allocate that loss estimate to particular companies. For example, one recent report assigned to Chubb a 20% market share allocation of the revise in estimate of credit crisis losses. However, that revise in estimate, which is at the high end of any published external estimates that we’ve seen, breaks that projection down into $3.7 billion of E&O losses and $5.9 billion of D&O losses. Of the later, 90% were estimated by advising to come from financial institutions claims. That assumption finds some corroboration in that Stanford Cornerstone report I cited earlier, which observes that 67% of the Securities Class actions filed in 2009 were in fact against financial institutions. At the same time Advison estimated that Chubb had only about a 10% market share of financial institutions D&O and a 9% share of their E&O. The bottom line is that even if the projected total industry loss is reasonable, allocating a 20% share of that to Chubb is unreasonable. If it was based on a market share theory relating to Chubb’s total reported Professional Liability premium it would ignore the fact that Chubb’s 2008 Professional Lines premiums were only 25% public D&O and DFI D&O. Reflecting the diversity of those premiums, 14% of them were for private and not for profit D&O, 47% were for ETO, fiduciary and E&O and 14% were for crime and financial fidelity. As a further important point, an issue exists only to the extent to the level of overall losses exceeds the reserves we have already established. In actuality our accident year 2007, 2008, and 2009 reserving targets already contemplate our best assessment of the impact of these events and we believe those targets are prudent. We are running accident year combined ratios for the three years affected by the credit crisis that make provision for total Professional Liability incurred losses of well over $4 billion over this period, which comprehends a substantial amount of covered credit crisis claims. An alternative approach to estimate potential exposure which has been used by some involves extrapolations based on the corporate abuse scandal that impacted our 1998, 2002 Professional Liability results. However, in reference to Chubb’s experience during those years as a basis for projecting its exposure to credit crisis claims overlooks several mitigating factors. We have virtually transformed our Professional Liability books since 2001 and 2002 for the explicit purpose of minimizing the impact of this type of systemic event. These adjustments included a dramatic reduction in our policy limits profile. The reduction of multi-year deals; a significant shift away from primary coverage to excess positions and a substantial in side A only policies especially on large Fortune 200 accounts.  In 2000 and 2008 our in force written premium for US public D&O grew by 40% while limits in force on policies with traditional D&O coverage dropped by 37%. We grew our side A book over those years quite substantially and after including those limits our in force limits are still down, 18%. The number of accounts with limits of $25 million is down 62% over the same time period and it is also important to note that the earned rate level in 2008 is almost 40% higher in public D&O and more than 70% higher in financial institutions D&O than it was in 2002. So those sweeping changes to our book of business render any simplistic comparison to the situation in 2002 invalid. Finally, concerns that there could be a roll back of torte reform with a Democratic led administration in congress have been used to suggest increased losses. While torte reform is indeed probable, even if it migrated to the Security Class Action arena, which is not at all certain, the process would take several years to be enacted, rolled out, and interpreted by the courts. Torte reform is quite distinct from Class Action Securities litigation where reforms already enacted, like the PLSRA would have to be undone and where over the last few years there have been significant favorable legal rulings such as Dora Pharmaceuticals and Stoneridge and [Pel Lab], that have made it much more difficult to successfully prosecute a Securities Class Action when compared to the legal environment that prevailed back in 2001 and 2002. In other words, the legal standards on which credit crisis claims will be adjudicated are already largely baked in, and any erosion of those standards will not govern this category of claims. While the trends we have cited all helped put the emerging credit crisis losses into a balanced perspective we certainly acknowledge that they will be substantial. However, we are following our customary practice of establishing prudent RB&I loss reserves for immature accident years as warranted by our continuing evaluation of these exposures.  With that I will turn it over to Ricky Spiro.
Ricky Spiro: Thanks, John. As you heard from John Finnegan and John Degnan we are very pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter. Our underwriting results were strong, our conservative investment portfolio performed well in these challenging markets and we continue to have excellent capital and liquidity positions. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income continued to be solid amounting to $396 million in the quarter; Property and Casualty investment income after tax declined by 5% in the quarter to $312 million. This decline was due primarily to currency fluctuations on our international investments and lower yields on our short-term investments. Net income was slightly higher than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment gains before tax of $27 million or $0.05 per share after tax. Our net realized investment gains before tax included $78 million of realized gains from the sale of securities partially offset by impairment charges of $19 million and a $32 million loss on our Alternative Investments portfolio.  As a reminder, we account for our Alternative Investments on a quarter lag because the time required to receive updated valuations from the limited partnerships investment managers. There for, this quarter’s loss, which was lower than we estimated it to be on our last earnings call, was largely due to first quarter mark-to-market losses on the underlying assets held by the limited partnerships. During the second quarter we also adopted the new FASB staff positions related to the recognition and presentation of other than temporary impairment in determining the fair value of assets. The adoption of the new guidance had an insignificant effect on our financial position and earnings during the quarter. Unrealized depreciation before tax at June 30, 2009 was $512 million compared to unrealized appreciation of $283 million at the end of the first quarter. This positive change was due largely to credit spread improvements in our Fixed Maturity portfolio. Turning to our Investment portfolio, the total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio increased to $40.3 billion as of June 30, 2009 from $39.1 billion at the end of the first quarter. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from the prior quarter. The average duration of our Fixed Maturity portfolio is 4.4 years and the average credit rating is AA2.  We also continue to have excellent liquidity as a holding company. At June 30, 2009 our holding company had $2.6 billion of investments including $1 billion of fixed maturity investments and $1.4 billion of short-term investments. In addition, we further enhanced our liquidity position during the quarter by selling our common stock holdings in Allied World. Allied World was an excellent long-term investment for us and we recognized a significant gain on the sale. Book value per share under GAAP at June 30, 2009 was $41.45 compared to $38.13 at year-end 2008 and $39.19 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized costs, was $40.41 compared to $38.38 at 2008 year-end and $39.29 a year ago. As for reserves we estimate that we had favorable development in the second quarter of 2009 on prior year reserves by SBU as follows: In CPI we had about $20 million. CCI had about $90 million. CSI had about $85 million. Reinsurance assumed had about $15 million, bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $210 million for the quarter. This represents a favorable impact on the second quarter combined ratio of about 7.5 points overall. For comparison, in the second quarter of 2008 we had about $235 million of favorable development for the company overall including about $25 million in CPI, $85 million in CCI, $110 million in CSI, and $15 million in reinsurance assumed.  During the second quarter our loss reserves increased by $366 million to $20.4 billion. Reserves in our Reinsurance Assumed business, which is now in run offs, declined by $48 million. Reserves in the insurance business increased by $414 million during the quarter.  The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the quarter resulted in an increase in reserves of about $300 million. The expense ratio for the second quarter was $30.2 compared to last years $29.8. Finally, I want to give you an update on our capital management plan. As you recall we announced a new 20 million share repurchase program in December 2008. At the time we recognized our strong financial position, but decided that it would be prudent to proceed cautiously with the pace of our buy back given the prevailing volatile market environment. Accordingly, in our January guidance, we estimated that we would repurchase $250 million worth of our shares which equated to about 5 million shares at the time, but that we would continue to evaluate how to best utilize our excess capital as the year progresses. In the second quarter we repurchased 2.3 million shares at an aggregate cost of $90 million and as of June 30, 2009 there were 15.7 million shares remaining under our current repurchase authorization. Given the recent improvements in the economic and financial environment, and our strong capital position, we now intend to complete the repurchase of all of these shares by the end of this year. The completion of the repurchase would account for approximately $0.04 per share of our revised 2009 operating income guidance, which John Finnegan will discuss in more detail. Now I will turn it back to John.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Chubb performed extremely well in the first six months. The highlights of our second quarter results were as follows: Operating income per share of $1.49 and an operating ROE of 15.3%. This is excellent performance as we continue to emerge from five years of a soft market. The strong performance of our investment portfolio in terms of both net realized capital gains and growth of net unrealized capital appreciation. An increase of book value per share of 6% in the three months ended June 30 and 9% since year-end. This is a strong capital position enabling us to complete our share repurchase program by year-end while still leaving us sufficient capital to take advantage of any significant upturn in the insurance market, and a continued improvement in premium rates at CCI and CSI. Based on our results for the first half and our outlook for the rest of the year we are increasing our guidance for operating income per share from a range of $4.80 to $5.20 for the full year to a range of $5.20 to $5.50. The updated components of this guidance are as follows: We expect net written premiums for the insurance business to be down 5% to 6% for the full year, down only 2% to 3% excluding currency. With net written premiums down 7% for the first six months or 3% excluding currency our revised guidance assumes a decrease of 4% to 5% or 3% to 4% excluding currency for the second half of 2009. Looking back our January 2009 guidance assumed a 1% to 4% decline in net written premiums including a 3% or 4% negative impact from currency. Based on actual catastrophe losses of 1.2 points in the first half we are revising our cat assumptions for the full year from the 3 to 4 points that we used in January to 3 points which implies about 5 points of cat losses in the second half. The expected higher level of cat losses in the second half reflects the fact that we are now entering the hurricane season. For those who would like to make a higher or lower cat assumption the impact of each percentage point of calendar year catastrophe losses on operating income per share for the full year is approximately $0.21. For our 2009 combined ratio we expect a range of 88:90 compared to the January 2009 guidance assumption of 90:92. The revised guidance is based on a combined ratio range of 89:91 for CPI, 91:93 for CCI and 85:87 for CSI.  We expect 2009 property and casualty investment income to decline 4% to 6%. This assumption is unchanged from our January guidance.  Finally our operating income per share guidance is based on an assumption of 354 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year. Compared to the $358 million shares assumed at our earlier guidance. The new guidance assumes the completion of our currently authorized repurchase program by year-end. Chubb has succeeded by managing a company for our shareholders and the way we achieve shareholder value is by underwriting prudently, by investing conservatively, by actively managing our capital and by providing superior products and services to our customers and producers that are unmatched in the marketplace. It is a simple formula, but the hard part of course is the execution. We are confident we have the team in place to execute now and well into the future.  On that note, as we announced in our press release, John Degnan has deferred his expected retirement date until the end of next year. As you know John plays a large role with many responsibilities. Since assuming the job of COO last year John has had direct responsibility for the operating activities of our SBU and field organizations while retaining oversight of the claims and public policy functions and several of the staff and activities. John is performing functions superbly and the board and I are very pleased that he has agreed to stay on another year. Fortunately we have a strong bench of insurance executives that Chubb will have the necessary skills and experience to assume John’s responsibilities at the end of next year. In the interim we will benefit from John’s management of our daily operations and the leadership role he plays in the industry on the legislative and the regulatory fronts. With that we will open it to your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital. 
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital : On the directors and officers liability can you give us the accident year combined ratios for, I believe it was, D&O and E&O for 2007 through 2009?
John Finnegan:  We would give you the professional for liability which I think is 2009 it was running the first half about the same as it did the first half of 2008 which is 102 and a little bit less than 2007. It is overall for the three years probably 100 or so on average. 
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital :  Okay, you also mentioned something on the pricing front. Was that 2000 versus 2008?
John Finnegan: It was a comparison of 2008 versus 2002 earned premium 40% higher in public D&O and 40% higher in DFI.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital :  Okay so it is earned premium and not pricing.
John Finnegan: No, it is earned rate. But, earned rate is really with the comparison of loss, would be the most relevant factor for the comparison of the loss ratio.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital : One of the questions I have with the loss ratio analysis is if [Aon’s] data is correct and D&O pricing rates are 50% lower in 2008 than they were in 2002 how do you feel comfortable that you have the right loss picks?
John Finnegan: I think what we are saying in terms of looking at loss picks you have to look at earned premium rather than written premium. Our written premium doesn’t suggest anywhere near that kind of decline in our business from 2002 to 2008. More significantly our earned premium shows a significant increase because if you remember there were huge increases between 2000 and 2002 and those premiums only earned in over time. There was a lag affect on that, plus it was a multi-year deal. So, really the impact lagged in terms of earned premiums so earned premiums was up significantly over that point in time.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital :  Okay thanks and then John, thanks for outlining the D&O side. What do you think the risks are to not having adequate reserves, given everything that has happened in the credit crisis?
John Degnan: I guess I would have hoped that we would have proven over the last several years that we do reserve prudently. We haven’t hit you with many surprises. We are very confident based on our perspective of, and we have a lot of it, so we do have a broad perspective of these kinds of losses, that we got the reserves right in booking immature accident years. I don’t think we have a high risk of getting it wrong. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Shanker with Citi. 
Joshua Shanker - Citi : I was interested I listening to your commentary on pricing. It is something that I have been skeptical of. I guess it will be hard for me to come around on that one, but I am wondering if you can break out what is happening in terms of volume from clients who are perhaps disappearing from clients who are who are saying we would like to buy less and from rate. Is it possible to do some quantitative written down of what’s embedded in those improving rate numbers in terms of both policy and terms of actual price. 
John Finnegan: I don’t know, we are talking about rate being up 2 in CCI and 4 in CFI. That is pure rate without exposure. In pure exposure as measured at contract renewals were down 3 in 1 in CCI and CSI, so that gives you an idea of what’s happening in renewals. In addition, there are a lot of lost opportunities in the business that don’t get measured in closure. Let’s take a simple example. Surety construction business is down. There is no reduction in contract renewals; there is just no new business out there. There are fewer million-dollar houses fewer new million-dollar houses. So, I think the exposure, the broad term of the impact of the economy on our business is probably somewhere between 2% and 5% negative, that would just be a guess. Against that we are getting some price, but I am not sure that answers your precise question.
Joshua Shanker - Citi : It is not precise; I am trying to learn more. In terms of terms and conditions, not speaking for the industry or speaking for yourself, are you seeing any changes going on at this point?
John Degnan: Yes we are not seeing much pressure in either CCI or CSI in terms and conditions. Where we see it a little bit in CCILB in things like flood exposure or cat. If we can’t get our price to exposure we walk away from the business, but frankly it’s not the broad deterioration in terms of conditions that have characterized the end of the last soft market. 
John Finnegan: I think it makes sense in that today with the economy being what it is the customer is focused on prices. They are not spending a lot of time expanding terms and conditions what they want is lower book.
Joshua Shanker - Citi :   I understand. You made the comment before that that surprised me, that one of your preemptive competitors in high net worth individual homeowners was successfully cutting price and taking business from you. Do you have any developments to discuss in terms of that?
John Degnan: I think what we said was that one company that plays largely in that business was cutting its renewal prices substantially in an effort to hold onto business, but was not taking business away from us by and large. Frankly, that latter statement continues to be true.
Joshua Shanker - Citi : Okay and do you have any thoughts on Chinese drywall?
John Degnan: Yes, we are feeling fairly good about it. We only have a couple of claims. We have coverage exclusions in personal lines that will probably insulate us from a large amount of it. While we see it as an emerging torte, at the moment based on what we can see we don’t believe we have a significant exposure to it.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann with J.P. Morgan. 
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan : The work comp dropped off pretty significantly sequentially. I was just curious is that all exposure or are there any specific underwriting actions somewhere?
John Finnegan: I think it is largely exposure and there has been some mandated rate decreases in some states, plus exposure. Obviously what’s happening with employer payrolls. In the order of things there is a little bit of a lag effect in that business so it is hard to do a sequential assessment, but yes, I mean Workers Comp is not going to be growing at any company, I’m sure.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan : How is the renewal retention ratio in the Homeowners business? Outside of some of the things you mentioned with respect to endorsements and floaters and things like that are you seeing any impact on renewal ratio because of cost sensitivity?
John Finnegan: I think our renewal rate in that business is only down a point or two from very high rates. Obviously new business is very hard to come by. I mean there is not much new business out there. Sure the customers are price resistant. It is tougher sledding out there than it was before, as you might expect. But our renewal rate is still up in the high 80s, down a couple of points maybe.
John Degnan: One of the things that is affecting our growth there is the inflation guard that we generally assess to a renewing policy. It is a formulaic amount that is affected by commodity pricing and labor costs. As they have finally begun to go down over the last year or so the inflation guard increases that would normally roll onto our books have gotten to be lower single digit percentage increases and that affects the premium.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan : This is not directed at John, but with respect to John’s transition when should we expect to hear more about that process? Would it likely be internal or external and how much overlap would there be? I guess that would depend on whether it’s internal or external, but just any thoughts on timing and any other issues around that?
John Finnegan: The second half of next year would certainly be the good timing. I think as I said in my remarks we have a terrific bunch of insurance executives around here, so we have every reason to believe it will be internal.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse. 
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse : On the D&O business how has the time taking for the settlement of Class Action losses changed? Just looking at the Schedule P it seems like it is taking a particularly long time for you to settle a claim. So what are the drivers behind that and what are the implications for the final losses on that business?
John Finnegan: I would say a couple of things. First, what you see in Schedule P and it doesn’t necessarily reflect settlements, but reserving for cases where we come up with an assessment. I mean I think that you have some big lawsuits against a myriad of defendants. They are going to take a long time in terms of how they play out if they are not settled. There are such dollar amounts at stake that they will be difficult to settle in the early stages. Most of them haven’t gone to motions to dismiss yet, so you will probably see them go there before you get settlements of any of the big ones I would think. What you are seeing is that, I don’t think you should look at the reported as in Schedule P as in indicative of the ultimate loss ratios we have for these years. The reporting you see in Schedule P is relatively low and compares sort of favorably with years we had very low ultimate like 2004, 2005 and 2006, 20 points lower ultimate. Now we are significantly higher than that in our ultimate pick in terms of what we’re targeting as our combined ratio this year. The reason is independent of Schedule P we take into account a number of factors such as paid losses, such as the overall systematic risk and we come up with in the IV&R an assessment of what we think at this point in time our overall obligation might be.  So the 102 combined are 75 ultimate you see in that 75 to 80 ultimate you see and in 2008 is significantly higher than would be implied by the reported numbers in Schedule P. 
John Degnan: I might add a little color to that, a couple of dynamics that are working. Certain categories of claims settle more quickly than others. For example some of the stock option back dating claims generally materialized in derivative actions rather than shareholder Class Actions and they tended to settle earlier.  The credit crisis claims are being evaluated in a climate where the laws changed substantially, as I pointed out. With heightened pleading standards more cases are getting dismissed. There is about a 50% dismissal rate of credit crisis securities Class Actions relative to 35% to 40% previously. When more cases get dismissed they don’t settle as quickly and it is harder to get your arms around what the ultimate liability will be, because that often gets assessed realistically from the first time after a dismissal motion. By and large we are not seeing it anecdotally. I am not seeing a significant change in timing in credit crisis claims versus general securities Class Action claims.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse : How long do you think the payments would be from the accident year for you to get a sense that you have made a significant amount of (inaudible). Would it be three or four years from the date of (interposing).
John Finnegan: Statistics show that we make about half of the claimant payments in about four to five years. That has statistically been the pattern in this business.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse : My second question is on pricing. You seem to be optimistic that pricing is moving in the right direction. Those are only about 2% against CCI. I am just curious as to what your loss cost translates. If it is in the mid-to-high single digits shouldn’t we see margins decline slightly going forward?
John Finnegan: I don’t think that our loss - I mean we have inflation around the world now of 1% on the last report. I think insurance inflation is higher than that. It ranges from all sorts of classes, medical classes like Workers Comp it is a little bit higher, and property is a little bit lower. But, certainly no one has high end single digit cost escalation trends, that would be very high. In an inflation environment of 0 mid-single digits would be a reasonably conservative approach I think. But, it is all over the lot depending on which class you are talking about. To your point, we have seen some accident year deterioration. That is what you see in some of the CCI numbers today, given the rate declines over the last few years. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS: John, I was wondering if you could break down in your CCI, when you talk about the rate, maybe property versus casualty and kind of how rate is in each of those classes; packages, CMP, property, marine, and then casualty into comp.
John Degnan: I can’t break it down that finely for you. I can tell you that comp, for example, growth is 5% in the quarter. That is a unique line of business. Some of that is driven by reduced loss costs due to legislative reforms.  We are seeing positive rate in almost all the lines in CCI with the possible exception of a section of comp. It is modest, but it is pretty consistent across the board. It is more dramatic in certain classes of business like hospitals and where we have been driving rate for some period of time.
John Finnegan: REITs too, we certainly have gained an advantage with the financial deterioration of some competitors and we have talked about that we are doing well there in terms of market dislocation. So, that ends up to be somewhat property, but Workers Comp is the negative one and the rest are pretty good.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay and then on the Professional Liability business, how much of that 4% rate is driven by financial line of D&O going up?
John Degnan: We are seeing the greatest increases in financial institutions D&O and E&O, but we’re seeing solid increases as well in public D&O. Frankly, virtually every one of the professional liability classes had improved rate movement in the second quarter. Most prominently I guess public D&O rates show an improvement up about 3 points. 
Brian Meredith - UBS: Looking at your retention ratio there, is something going on here where maybe you are pushing for rate and it’s not always being accepted? Is that why the retention rates are going down? So maybe your rate that you’re getting is going to be better than some of the competition?
John Finnegan:  I think that is true, yes. I think it is a good trade off though. We need rate in this business. Some of these lines of business like financial institutions, you need rate or you shouldn’t be writing them, so we are happy with that trade off. We are going to monitor it though.
John Degnan: A lot of times we are moving up in the program when somebody who hasn’t traditionally played in the primary layer comes down with an irresponsible price, we’ll stay in the program, take our rate at the higher level and come back when they need us at our price.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jay Cohen with BAS-ML. 
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML : The economic impact on your business, do you sense a difference with that impact on the US business versus the non-US business?
John Finnegan:  I think the developed countries overseas at about the same growth rates and under the same sort of pricing pressure as here. In fact they may even have a little less price. Now the sort of growth countries overseas, or course, they are growing faster. If you look at it in local currency overseas is still growing a little bit faster than the US. But I would say in the countries you’d think of the common wealth countries the pricing growth pressure is comparable. 
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML : Secondly, I think in the past you have given us some indication of the trend in newly arising claims. I am wondering if you have any data on that?
John Degnan: Generally the new arising accounts are down significantly in order, where we are seeing a decline in frequency. They are down significantly in comp by about 12% points. The non-marine property area is a single positive area. We have seen a little bit of growth in new arise accounts in commercial general liability, down overall in specialty. So, year-to-date new arise account overall total ex-cat are down 2%. Total including cats are down 5%.
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML : Okay. The surety area, clearly that was an area of fairly significant concern given the economic environment. It doesn’t appear, just based on the results, that you have had any real issues in that line of business. Can you just talk maybe qualitatively of what you are seeing from a claims standpoint relative to the economy and surety claims?
John Finnegan: This isn’t an area where you would see a lot of claims consistently. So, we have had a great first half, but it is a lumpy area. John you might want to talk about the environment these days out there.
John Degnan: We are seeing a significant flow of submissions, but our customers are not hitting as often-on jobs, so they don’t translate into written premium until our customers win. Their position of competition they’re facing there frankly is playing out the way we thought. We are not looking at surety to grow a substantial amount this year. We want them to maintain their discipline, take advantage of the opportunities they do get on a financial security basis because of our ratings.  So, we are maintaining our discipline. We are prepared not to take a significant premium growth. We just don’t want to do anything foolish and that’s pretty much reflected in the roughly 38 point combined ratio we had in the second quarter. It was lumpy. It is a lumpy business though, as John said. Last year in the second quarter we had one significant loss which was a huge amount of money, but in the end we ran the combined ratio at the year-end at 70. This year we are looking to do better. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Clifford Gallant with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. 
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods : I wanted to develop Jay’s question a little bit more in terms of the US versus the international books. Are you seeing anything different in terms of client behavior? The flight to quality trends that you talked about, or the credit sensitivities, is there much difference? I don’t know if you can generalize that.  My second question is you have talked a lot about one major competitor cutting price per share and you are still holding a line. How about other parties, third parties, other competitors, are they reacting to rate cuts by that one?
John Degnan: Well let me say first to your first question, I think since the beginning the market dislocation impact of the first carrier to go would be affected by that has been less than Asia and in Europe than it has been in the United States. The companies are viewed differently there. Those operations aren’t as dramatically impacted, at least in the perception of the consumer, or the customer, as they were in the US. So while there were some opportunities there was never a significant flow there and we haven’t been projecting it that we would have much for the balance of the year either. We are seeing some unusual market place behavior by other companies. There are a couple of otherwise respected companies that seem to be holding the line on renewal rates and pricing, but seem to be taking new business at surprisingly low levels. Some companies might do that on the strategy that the market turns next year, they’ll get that price back. That is not a marketing strategy we have ever thought played well. 
 :
Operator:  Your final question comes from Michael Grasher from Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray : I have a follow up on the inflation question from earlier. What assumptions, or do your assumptions carry over in your guidance around foreign exchange and the impact on your guidance?
John Finnegan: All we do for foreign exchange is that we take the current rate and compare it to the year ago quarter to third and fourth quarter. We are not projecting anything more than just making the assessment based on current rate levels. So, what happens is that the third quarter you see still a negative comparison, but by the fourth quarter it’s pretty much flat, it’s even slightly positive, if the dollar continues at exactly the same level it was today or last week. 
Operator: Gentlemen there are no further questions.
John Finnegan:  Thank you. Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good night.  
Operator:  That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan –President & Chief Executive Officer John J. Degnan – Chief Operating Officer– Chief Financial Officer Richard G. Spiro – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray Paul Newsome – Sander O'Neal, and Partners Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan Brian Meredith – UBS Jay Cohen - Bank of America Sean Timonen – Advantus Capital Management Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse [Mark Duwell] – RBC Capital Markets Mark Serafin – Citadel [Yuron Kinar] - Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to the Chubb Corporation's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today's presentation of Chubb's first quarter 2009 financial results, Chubb's management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and in the financial supplement for the first quarter 2009, which are available on the investors section of Chubb's website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through May 22, 2009. Those listening after April 23, 2009 should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: As you all know, in the first quarter we continued to operate in an extremely difficult global economic and market environment. Accordingly, we are very pleased with our underwriting results and investment portfolio performance. Just as important, we are encouraged by the continuing firming of our premium rates. The first quarter was not without its challenges. Given our significant international operations, the stronger dollar continued to adversely affect us accounting for five of the seven point decline in net written premiums, compared with the year ago quarter. In addition, we were impacted by reduced insurance demand due to the effect of the worldwide economic downturn. Consistent with the calendar year guidance we provided you in January, operating earnings also declined in the first quarter. On the underwriting side, combined ratios increased due to margin compression from the cumulative effect of rate decline over the 2004 to 2008 period. Investment income continued to be adversely affected by currency, as well as lower yields, especially on short-term investments. Notwithstanding these headwinds, Chubb produced solid operating income of $1.43 per share, which translated into an excellent annualized operating ROE of 15%. In addition, our investment portfolio continued to weather the storm with realized losses largely limited to the impact of fourth quarter 2008 market movements on our alternative investment portfolio. During the quarter, our investment portfolio experienced an unrealized gain before tax of over $500 million compared to year end. The upshot of these investment and operating results was a $1.07 increase in our book value per share to $39.20 per share at the end of the first quarter compared to December 31, 2008. And now John Degnan and Ricky Spiro will discuss our performance in more detail.
John J. Degnan: I'm going to begin with a review of individual business unit results for the first quarter. While we don't normally break out currency impact by SBU, since it has an unusually large impact this quarter, I'm going to highlight it where appropriate. Chubb Personal Insurance debt-written premiums declined 4%. Excluding currency, CPI premiums actually grew 1%. CPI produced a combined ratio of 90 compared to 84.8 last year, and CAT had a similar impact on CPI's results in each period, 1.5 in the first quarter this year compared to 1.7 points a year earlier. It should also be noted that last year's combined ratio benefited from two points of favorable development, while this year's had none. Homeowner's premiums were down 5% almost entirely due to currency, and the combined ratio was 88.2, including 2.4 points at CATs. Homeowner's results were affected by significantly higher losses in the quarter, due in large measure to losses from winter freezes in the U.S. and Canada and the U.K., which were not classified as CATs. Personal auto premiums declined 8% with a combined ratio of 89.8, and in other personal lines premiums increased 1%, and the combined ratio was 97.4. As expected, CPI benefited in the first quarter from additional opportunities in the high end homeowners business resulting from market dislocation, but that benefit was probably more than offset by the impact of the economic downturn, which has resulted in, among other things, fewer housing starts and fewer endorsements for jewelry and fine arts. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, premiums were down 6%, or down 2% excluding currency, and the combined ratio was 90.2 compared to last year's 87.2. The first quarter this year included CAT losses of 1 point, compared with 3 points in 2008, and last year's first quarter combined ratio benefited from 5 points of favorable development compared to 3 points this year. CPI's ratio of new-to-lost business in the U.S. was 1:1 in the first quarter. Its retention rate remained steady at 85%, and it had an average renewal rate increase of 1%. That was the first rate increase in 18 quarters, confirmation we think that the market is turning. Since the second quarter last year, CCI rate change percentages have improved each quarter, actually moving into positive territory in February and again improving in March. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums were down 10%, or down 7% excluding currency. The combined ratio was 85.1 compared to 78.1 in the first quarter of 2008. Professional Liability Premiums declined 8%, about half of which was attributable to currency, and Professional Liability's growth in the first quarter was adversely affected by reduced levels of IPO and M&A, or Merger and Acquisition activity. The combined ratio was 91.3 compared to 83.7 in last year's first quarter, due substantially to a lower amount of favorable development. In the U.S., first quarter renewal retention was 85% and the ratio of new-to-lost business was 1.2:1. Average U.S. renewal rates for Professional Liability were up 1%. This was the first quarter in five years in which Professional Liability rates increased. As you probably know, we are seeing large rate increases in financial institutions, but the important takeaway this quarter is that we are beginning to see improved rate movement in nearly all of the U.S. Professional Liability classes. The retention rate was down about 4 points from the first quarter last year, as we gave up some accounts where we just couldn't get the appropriate rate for exposure. For surety, net written premiums were down 22% reflecting weaker economic conditions. It's probably safe to assume that growth in the surety business will continue to be hurt this year by the impact of the weaker economy on the construction business. However, we are seeing a migration to Chubb of good accounts, based on our financial strength. Profitability was strong with a healthy combined ratio of 38.3 for the quarter. As we indicated in our year end call in January, there were four major developments which affected the markets in the fourth quarter and which we thought would continue to have an impact through 2009. They were currency, market dislocation, the weakening economy, and rate trend. Let me start with currency. About 25% of our premiums in the first quarter of 2009 came from outside the U.S. As a result, our net written premium growth in dollars is significantly affected by the movement in exchange rates. For a number of years during the middle of this decade, the dollar was weakening against most major currencies resulting in a positive currency benefit on our net written premiums, investment income, and earnings. However, this situation started to reverse itself in the latter part of 2008 and the dollar has strengthened considerably since then. This has resulted in a negative effect on our growth and profitability in the last two quarters. As an example, in the first quarter this year, the dollar was stronger than it was in the first quarter last year by 13% against the euro, 27% against the pound, and 20% against the Canadian dollar. The affect of the year-over-year strengthening of the U.S. dollar was to reduce our overall premium growth by 5 points that is of our 7 point decline in net written premium growth in the first quarter of 2009, 5 points were attributable to currency. Assuming exchange rates remain constant, we would expect the negative currency impact to continue at roughly comparable levels over the next two quarters. By the fourth quarter, however, this year-over-year negative currency effect will be considerably less since the dollar strengthened significantly in the fourth quarter 2008. And as a reminder the guidance for the year that we provided in January assumed that currency would adversely affect premium growth for all of 2009 by 3 to 4 points. The second major factor affecting 2009 markets are business opportunities resulting from insurance market dislocations. Our experience in the first quarter has been similar to that in the fourth quarter last year, in that, we are seeing a steady but not yet overwhelming flow of business opportunities being presented to Chubb as a result of the weakened financial condition of several of our competitors. This is particularly true in lines such as high net worth, personal line, professional liability, REITs excess umbrella and surety. The amount of business that we see varies with changes in the perception of problems of our competitors and is therefore influenced by rating agency actions and other negative news. We continue to take advantage of those opportunities when the business can be priced appropriately and when it fits within our underwriting parameters. We expect these additional business opportunities to continue through the year. On the other side the coin, the third factor, a significantly weaker economy has had an offsetting and negative impact on the business opportunities we otherwise would have seen in the first quarter. In some cases this has reflected in lower exposure, a metric which compares the relative exposure we are undertaking on contract renewals. We're seeing customers experience slower growth in sales and in payroll and in investments and insurable assets. While lower economic activity and higher unemployment affect most lines their influence is most evident in such CCI businesses as worker's comp, general liability, marine, commercial auto as well as in CSI as a result of lower limits and higher deductibles. As a result, renewal exposure is down about one point in both CCI and CSI. The same phenomenon is efferent in CPI in the form of fewer endorsements for jewelry and fine art, and this economic downturn will likely put continuing downward pressure on the exposure rating basis this year. Depressed economic activity reduces the potential insurance opportunities in other ways which aren't characterized as renewal exposure deceases because they are not strictly related to lower levels of coverage on contract renewals. For example, a drop in construction activity has resulted in the decline in premium written in the surety business and in CCIs Builders' Risk business. And in CPI the slowdown in construction of high net worth homes and declining housing prices has affected our ability to grow our homeowners business. In the case of CSI our professional liability growth has been hurt by fewer ITOs and reduced M&A transactions, areas of meaningful premium contributions for us in the past. All of these lost business opportunities result from a significantly weaker economy. But they are over and above exposure decreases on contract renewals. These opportunity costs are harder to quantify, but probably had a greater adverse effect on first quarter growth than the more readily quantifiable declines in renewal exposures. Going forward the weaker economy is likely to continue to adversely impact premium growth potential throughout 2009 due to both lower exposures and less business opportunities, despite what we see as a continued positive rate environment. This segues nicely to the fourth and most positive factor affecting the market the trend in rates. Simply stated we have seen our rates in both CCI and CSI continue to incrementally improve over the last several quarters. The commercial lines year-over-year rate declines improved consistently from negative 6 in the second quarter last year to negative 3 in the fourth quarter. But as I mentioned earlier, in the first quarter of this year commercial lines' rates in the U.S. turned positive by 1%, the first year-over-year rate increase since 2004. In our professional liability line year-over-year rates in the U.S. moved from a negative 5 for all of 2007 to flat in the fourth quarter of 2008, and a positive 1% in the first quarter this year. The current market dynamics and our own aggressiveness in seeking rate increases, suggests strongly that we will continue to see improvement in professional liability pricing through 2009. In summary, we believe the firming market that we began anticipating last year's third quarter conference call is underway. It is more incremental than we might have hoped. But so far, it is a steadily improving trend. We believe that rates will continue to improve as we move forward and suspect that incremental improvements will be replaced by a more significant change in market tone at some point. However, such an inflection point is difficult to predict so for now we will limit our forecast to an overall improving rate trend over the balance of the year. Finally, let me comment briefly on credit crisis and Madoff related claims. I spent a fair amount of time during our last call sharing our perspective on credit crisis claims suggesting that the unique aspect of such claims in the context of the current legal environment make it particularly difficult to project a total industry insured loss and even more difficult to allocate shares of such losses to particular carriers. I was gratified to read that both Cornerstone and Nera have agreed with our view over the past several weeks that the broad-based market cap declined may make the plaintiffs cases more difficult to plead and to win. Our perspective has changed very little since the January call. While we continued to see new claims in the first quarter, most of the related to insured's and policies for which we had already received prior claims, most of them also continue to be ENO rather than DNO claims based on the mix of credit crisis ENO claims, in particular the predominance of individual claims, which tend to be less severe, our limits and our attachment profiles and the underwriting strategy in these lines that I've mentioned in past calls, we continue to believe that we have less potential exposure in the ENO line than in the DNO arena. So in sum we continue to monitor the situation closely and are prudently booking professional liability reserves for accident years 2007 and 20098 and now 2009 to reflect our exposure. As for claims arising out of the Madoff situation, we told you last quarter that we expected the impact of our homeowner's exposure to Madoff would be minimal and we're even more convinced of that now. In the aggregate we don’t think it will exceed $2.5 million. With respect to specialty lines, I'd have to characterize the current situation as something of a holding pattern. A number of insured's have sought to preserve rights to coverage by providing notice of potential claims but we are relatively few actual claims to date. At this point, however, we're still unable to predict the ultimate shape or scope of Madoff litigation or the coverage exposure it will present. From our perspective it appears that the initial focus of the investigation and litigation to date, after Madoff himself of course, has been on the so called Madoff feeder funds. That is those fund that had a direct investment relationship with Madoff and this is an area in which we have limited potential exposure. With that, I'll turn it over to Ricky.
Richard G. Spiro: Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income continues to be strong amounting to $376 million in the quarter. This was a result of both solid current accident year performance and favorable development from prior accident year reserves. Property and casualty investment income after tax in the first quarter declined by 6% to $306 million compared to the first quarter of 2008. This decline was due primarily to currency fluctuations on our international investments and lower yields on short-term investments. Net income was lower than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment losses before tax of $266 million or $0.40 per share after tax, sorry $0.48 per share after tax. Our net realized investment losses before tax included a $248 million loss on our alternative investment portfolio and impairment charges of $59 million almost exclusively from write-downs in our equity portfolio, partially offset by $41 million of realized gains from the sale of securities. As a reminder, we account for our alternative investment on a quarter lag because of the time required to receive updated evaluations from the partnerships investment managers. Therefore, this quarter's loss, which was lower than we previously estimated, was largely due to fourth quarter mark-to-market losses on the underlying assets held by the limited partnerships and reflected the dramatic decline in equities and spread widening that occurred late last year. Because of this reporting lag, our results for the second quarter of 2009 will reflect valuations from our alternative investments at the end of the first quarter. Since we haven't received all of our first quarter 2009 partnership valuations, we do not know at this time what the actual losses for the alternative investments will be. However, based on the limited information that we currently have and what happened in the capital markets in the first quarter, we believe our net realized loss from alternative investments in the second quarter is not likely to be more than $50 million before tax. This would be a significant improvement over the previous two quarters. Our unrealized position also improved substantially in the first quarter. Unrealized appreciation before tax at March 31, 2009 was $283 million compared to unrealized depreciation of $220 million at year end, a positive change of $503 million. This was due largely to credit spread improvements in our fixed maturity portfolio. We should point out that we have not yet adopted the two recent FASB staff positions on fair value measurement and other than temporary impairments. We will implement these changes in the second quarter. However, we do not expect their adoption to have a material effect on our financial position. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio increased to $39.1 billion as of March 31, 2009 from $38.7 billion at year end 2008. The composition of our portfolio remains largely unchanged from year end with 7% of the portfolio in short-term investments, 85% in fixed maturity securities, 3% in equities, and 5% in alternative investment. Our fixed maturity portfolio consists of a well diversified high quality portfolio of tax-exempt securities, treasuries, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and international fixed income investments. The average duration of the fixed maturity portfolio is 4.5 years and the average credit rating is double 8 2. We also continue to have excellent liquidity at the holding company and March 31, 2009 our $2.8 billion holding company portfolio included $1.3 billion of short-term investment. Book value per share under GAAP at March 31, 2009 was $39.20 a share compared to $38.13 at year end 2008 and $39.25 a year ago. Adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized costs, was $38.43 a share compared to $38.38 at 2008 year end and $38.47 a year ago. As for reserves, we estimate that favorable development in the first quarter of 2009 on prior year reserves by SBU was approximately as follows. CPI had none, CCI had $35 million, CSI had $80 million, and reinsurance assumed had $15 million bringing our total favorable development to about $130 million for the quarter. For comparison, in the first quarter of 2008, we had an estimated $215 million of favorable development for the company overall, including $20 million in CPI, $65 million in CCI, $120 million in CSI, and $10 million in reinsurance assumed. In summary, the impact of favorable development on the first quarter combined ratio was about 4.5 points overall compared to approximately 7 points in the first quarter of 2008. During the first quarter, our loss reserves decreased by $83 million, reserves in our reinsurance assumed business, which is in runoff, declined by $50 million, reserves in the insurance business decreased by $33 million during the quarter. Excluding the $189 million impact of currency fluctuation, our reserves would have increased by $106 million during the quarter. The expense ratio for the first quarter was 30.8 compared to last year's 30.5. Turning to capital management, during the first quarter of 2009, we repurchased 1.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $74 million or an average cost of $40.87 per share. In February, our board raised the quarterly common stock dividend by 6% to $0.35 per share. This was Chubb's 27 consecutive annual dividend increase, and as a further indication of our financial strength in the face of a difficult environment. Finally, let me say a few words about our reinsurance program. On April 1 we renewed our major property treaties, including our North American CAT treaty, our non-U.S. CAT treaty, and our commercial property per risk treaty. All of these programs provide coverage similar to 2008 although we made changes in some of the layers to help us better manage our exposures and costs. For example, we modestly increased our retention in the first layer of both our North American and our non-U.S. CAT treaties and we converted the fourth layer of our North American CAT treaty from northeast only to a layer that covers all states and all perils. In addition, we successfully completed our third catastrophe bond in March. Under this arrangement, we purchased $150 million of fully collateralized three-year coverage in place of traditional reinsurance to supplement the coverage of our Florida homeowners business for hurricane losses. Similar to our previous CAT bonds, our right to collect is based on our actual incurred losses as opposed to industry or index-based losses. The CAT bond offering was very well received in the marketplace. We like the diversification that these CAT bond arrangements bring to our overall reinsurance program. Importantly, they provide us with a cost effective alternative to traditional reinsurance with pricing locked in for three years and we have fully collateralized protection. In summary, we are very pleased with our financial results in the first quarter. Each of our businesses continues to operate very profitably, resulting in over $500 million of operating income. In addition, our investment portfolio performed well in a very difficult market environment. During the quarter, we also successfully renewed our major property reinsurance treaty and helped to reopen the CAT bond market with the successful completion of our third catastrophe bond. Finally, in the current industry environment, we believe that our strong capital position and financial rating differentiate us more than ever. And now, I'll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: Two thousand nine is off to a good start in a very challenging environment. The highlights of our first quarter results were as follows, operating income per share of $1.43 and an operating ROE of 15%, excellent performance after the five years of a soft market, strong performance of our investment portfolio despite continued weakness in the value of assets worldwide, an increase in book value per share of $1.07 since the end of 2008, the 27th consecutive annual increase in our dividend and the continued improvement of premium rates as evidenced by CCI and CSI, first positive year-over-year rate comparisons in five years. Going forward, we expect the overall economic and investment environment to remain challenging. Major headwinds include the strength of the dollar, lower investment yields, and a global economic downturn. However, we remain committed to exercising underwriting discipline expect to be able to produce solid financial results in a difficult market. Longer term, we believe that the rate environment will continue to improve and that financially strong insurers will increasingly benefit from our fight to quality. Our excellent capital position, conservative investment portfolio, and strong credit ratings should allow us to capitalize on market opportunities and rate increases as they materialize. And with that, we'll open it up to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: John, on the guidance you provided on the call three months ago, are you not updating that or affirming it or no change?
John D. Finnegan: Jay, we're going to follow our usual practice of waiting to revisit guidance until after second quarter results are in. I'm happy we're off to a good start but it's still early in the year, so we'll follow the traditional pattern and we'll do an update at the second quarter end.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Can you talk a bit about the 103% combined ratio in casualty for the quarter, what was driving that?
John D. Finnegan: We had one big loss in casualty that actually drove that number.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: And then, with the news reports that Hartford may look at opportunities to sell its property casualty insurance business, in light of that, can you talk about your view on M&A?
John D. Finnegan: I think you ought to hold those questions on Hartford until next week at this time, but we said in the past that we're more look at organic growth than M&A and I think we'll at this point stick to that view.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Any particular reason why you say to hold off on waiting to hear?
John D. Finnegan: Because Hartford's call is next week, so I'm not going to comment on whatever they're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray. : A couple of questions, just to follow up on the retention, excluding those insured's that dropped coverage altogether, does the change in coverage levels on those that continued to be in your book lead you to believe that you had a more profitable book of business or can you really assess that at this point?
John D. Finnegan: You mean from economic activity or economic downturn?
Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Yes.
John D. Finnegan: No, I don't think we could say that. You've got a variety of things that are happening. You're not getting as much surety business because construction's down. Homeowner sales are down at the top end. So I mean we don't view it as a positive. I mean, the economic downturn is affecting our ability to write premium and that hurts growth. So I think the economic downturn is a negative to the industry as a whole.
John J. Degnan: Yes, I'd just add that generally renewable performs a little better than new business performs. It's more mature and we understand the accounts better. We have a better fix on it. But other than that, I agree with John's observation.
Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Okay, but it sounds like then on the renewal book though, from a risk adjusted basis, it very well may perform better.
John Finnegan: I don't know that that is true. I mean, I think sometimes in places like financial institutions and CSI, if we're not getting the rate increases we think we're warranted in that business, we're walking away from that business and that may help profitability. But the fact that high end home starts have decreased and we therefore are writing less top end homeowners insurance certainly isn't a positive, or the fact that people aren’t rolling over endorsements on jewelry isn't a positive. I think you'd have to view that as a negative to growth and somewhat of a negative to profitability.
Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Can you clarify the impact or what's your outlook in terms of the administration's tax policy from the international business, how it may impact that one way or the other?
John D. Finnegan: I don't think we've done an assessment. I don't know what the exact proposal is now so I really can't quantify it. Come back and take a look at it by the time the second quarter call if there's some sort of stressed specifics.
Richard G. Spiro : We would be delighted to see them eliminate the Bermuda and offshore tax advantages for those insurers onshore who reinsured with affiliates offshore. We believe that would create a level playing field and create some opportunities for us.
Mike Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Can you clarify then just to follow this, do you actually defer your taxes internationally or in terms of repatriating that money at opportunistic times or does it flow regularly?
John D. Finnegan: Well, I mean, it's a function of capital requirements and on oversea subsidiaries, growth potential overseas growth potential here. But remember, it's a complicated issue because you could be talking about earnings or you could be talking about taxes. Taxes are paid internationally locally on profitability. You get a credit, I guess, your U.S. taxes for taxes paid to local jurisdictions. The companies that will have the greatest cost from these kind of proposals are companies that are in very low-taxed, overseas jurisdictions and therefore don't have a credit that offsets their U.S. income taxes. So the idea that people are not paying 34% or are getting away with a 34% benefit by not repatriating income is just not true. People that are repatriating come get a significant benefit against their U.S. taxes the benefit related to how much they pay local jurisdiction. How much that offset is depends on where they make the money. So it's a pretty complicated area and you need the specifics of the proposal.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Paul Newsome – Sander O'Neal, and Partners.
Paul Newsome – Sander O'Neal and Partners: Could you give me a little color on where the reserve releases were coming from, from an accident year perspective? Are they sooner or later from most recent years?
John D. Finnegan: Big reserve releases were in professional liability, which was in the 2004 to 2006 accident years.
Paul Newsome – Sander O'Neal and Partners: If you could talk a little bit about the flight to quality and why it may or may not be coming as quickly as some would have thought. We've had actually a lot of downgrades and it doesn't seem to be having that much of an effect broadly, although it's certainly having something of an affect. Is there something specific behind it or is it ratings just not that important anymore? Do you have any thoughts?
John J. Degnan: I think the reality is that the economic downturn is affecting decisions that would otherwise be made in our direction with respect to credit quality. As long as some companies in the marketplace continue to dramatically reduce their prices on renewals, as we believe continues to be the case, the insured is faced with a dilemma. Do they go to a higher quality, better rated insurer who's asking for a little more premium and if it's shoved is willing to walk away if it can't get that premium, or do they stay with an insurer who's not as highly rated who has been downgraded but who is offering a 20% to 30% decline? Well, in short-tail liability business the answer I think more generally is to stay with the weaker competitor. In the long-tail liability business or where credit ratings are important like DNO and REITs, that's where we're seeing, and high net worth homeowners where sophisticated people realize the risk they're taking by a lower rated insurer, that's where we're seeing the flow. If it were normal economic times, it would be a flood. In this economy, it's a flow. That can improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: I was just wondering if you could run through kind of the limits in retention on your reinsurance programs but I was going to caveat that with, if you're planning on putting it in the queue, I would withdraw the question and wait for it then.
Richard G. Spiro : Yes, we'll update that sort of information in the queue. So if you don't mind waiting that would be preferable.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: And then I guess, with respect to the professional lines business, I mean you're seeing some increases in not just the FI anymore more broadly spread I guess. In your mind, how much more do you want to see prices go up before more, how much would you have to see prices go before more business starts to hit your screen. And I guess I'm asking new business because obviously you still feel pretty good about your renewal book.
John J. Degnan: Well, we're not putting a cap on how much we'd like to see prices go up. In our book, as you know, in the first quarter, we moved into positive territory for the first time year-over-year in about five years. But that's modest at one point. It's important to us though because it's migrating outside financial institutions where we're seeing an upward trend of 15%. In U.S. public DNO rates we saw a significant improvement with a plus 4%. But let's recognize, we're a leader in the marketplace, we believe, in an effort to get price. We'd be gratified if, not only some of the market, but the rest of the market realized that they have losses that justify getting prices, but that's up to them obviously to follow. We're going to do what's smart for us and price through exposure and walk away from those risks where we can't get the price that we think we require, and we're going to continue to do that aggressively. We have something to sell at this point, which is higher quality credit ratings than almost any other carrier in this marketplace, and we're prepared to sell it.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: So, I guess if I'm hearing you right, your view with respect to pricing is still one where you'd be more than happy to write expand your exposure, if people are willing to take your price?
John J. Degnan: Absolutely. We've got the capacity and we've got the credit ratings and we've got the skill level in this line of business that no one can match, certainly no one exceeds, and yes, we want to sell it.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: That's fair, I just wanted to clarify because there are some who while it's turning want x% more before their appetite really expands and I realize you could be coming from completely different places. The other question was just sequentially the loss ratio looked like an improvement from fourth quarter and I guess, you said you didn't really see a change in flow. Should we read anything into that or is just if you look at the last two quarters of last year, which seem to be elevated relative to the first two, should we just chalk that up to kind of the height of the economic pressure?
John D. Finnegan: Define that. What are you comparing?
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: I'm looking at your professional liability, loss ratio ex-development.
John D. Finnegan: Our professional liability loss ratio ex-development in the first quarter of 2009…
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: Versus the last, versus kind of the second half of '08.
John D. Finnegan: Our accident year professional liability in the first quarter of 2009 is about 102. In the last two quarters of 2008 it was higher than that. It ended the year at 103 so it was somewhat higher than that, I'm sorry, combined ratio.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: I was just curious if, I didn't know if there was anything unusual because it looked like it was particularly the fourth quarter that that increased vis-à-vis prior quarters in '08, so I just was curious if there was anything you could point to on the loss ratio side, not necessarily the combined ratio side?
John D. Finnegan: In this line of business, we're talking about a business that has very little loss experience in its first accident year in the first year. So we're really talking about projecting losses on very limited data. As the year 2008 went on, I think that, while we believe the credit crisis claims were manageable, they did deteriorate. We had Madoff in the fourth quarter. So we're just projecting and over the course of a year we increased our reserves. We thought that was prudent. We started the year at about 100 in the first quarter, ended the year at 103 for the year, probably about 104 in the fourth quarter and, again, that's combined ratio. We started this year, we believe this year will be a better year in the Professional Liability arena, but at the same time, clearly it's a good size economic downturn out there. We wanted to be conservative, and we're picking 102 at this point in time. Now, there's no data, there's no loss experience. It's simply the best guesstimate we can come up with and we're trying to be conservative. So there's no real, there's certainly no loss trends out there, no data that support much of that movement.
Matthew Heimermann – JP Morgan: Okay. No, that's fair. I guess if I spread the 4Q over the full year, then actually it's not as dramatic and your comments make sense.
John D. Finnegan: It's 103 for the year versus 102.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Meredith - UBS.
Brian Meredith – UBS: A couple quick questions here for you. The first one, another one of the hot button lines out there right now is political risk, and I was wondering, John, if you kind of characterized and that the size of your political risks business, what are the exposures there? And what are the outlook for losses there given the economic downturn that we're seeing right now globally?
John J. Degnan: Political risk is a line of business where the rates are firming pretty dramatically, because it's so credit-sensitive. We have a relatively small book of political risk business that's combined of both traditional and political risk, which would cover expropriation and nationalization and confiscation. And we have some trade credit, roughly 50% of one and 50% of the other. They're performing pretty well for us at a very low loss ratio. We have significant quota share reinsurance support for the political risk portfolio. We just went out and renewed it, and we have more reinsured capability and capacity than we needed or wanted. But I don't know that we disclosed the total amount of gross written premium in that particular line. It's fairly modest, but running at a very good loss ratio. But we're getting more business inquiries than we're willing to write at the moment, given the increased risk profile out there.
Brian Meredith – UBS: And then the second question. I wonder if you could give us your thoughts on the rate lift we're seeing in commercial lines? How much of that do you think is actually due to just a lower interest rate environment right now?
John D. Finnegan: Well, I think that what we know is that we've gotten some rate lift in commercial lines, and that we've moved from negative 6 in the second quarter of last year to positive 1 in the first quarter of this year. I haven't seen industry data. I don't know what the rates are in the industry. One would think that, given lower interest rates, that people would be looking at the return on their capital and would be increasing rates. We certainly are attempting to do that, and so far reasonably successfully, although incrementally. I haven't seen any industry data. We're about one of the first big companies to go, haven't seen any reports from the other guys, so don't really know. They should be doing it. Whether or not they're doing it and successfully achieving it, that's another question. Don't know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen - Bank of America.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Yes, several questions. I guess the first is on capital management. It seems that the assets out of the balance sheet showing more stability. The premiums are shrinking, albeit some of that is currency, but still you're seeing a net shrinkage. One would suspect you've got to feel a little bit better about your balance sheet and the excess capital. What do you think about from a capital management standpoint for the balance of the year?
Richard G. Spiro: Look, I mean, obviously everything you said is true and we did earn $341 million after tax in the first quarter. Our capital position is strong and should remain that way, but what the capital market turmoil has done is it continues to make us just a little bit more conservative in terms of what we do with our excess capital. In the current environment, greater asset volatility and the limited access that we perceive to be in the marketplace to financing and capital just tell us that we want to continue to ensure that we retain our robust capital position. So we are going to continue to be prudent. We did say when we issued our calendar year guidance that you guys should assume about a $250 million buyback for the year. We bought back $74 million worth of stock in the first quarter, and at this point in time we think it's still prudent to proceed cautiously.
John D. Finnegan: I think capital is king in this environment, Jay, so I think we're still taking that very conservative position here.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: And I guess the next question, related to the economy, I think you did a really good job of laying out how it's affecting your top line and it's all pretty clear. I guess what's less clear, looking forward, is how the economy is affecting the claims environment, whether it's frequency or severity? And I'm wondering if you are seeing any evidence of the economy impacting the claims environment at this point?
John J. Degnan: We're not, Jay. This is John Degnan. We're actually seeing a fairly consistent decline in new arise counts across most lines of the book. We're seeing a mix in average paids but no trend upward. We're not seeing much different. Our book is not as medically cost-driven as some companies books are, but we're not seeing a significant change in the inflationary loss cost trend that we've seen in the last year or two.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sean Timonen - Advantus.
Sean Timonen – Advantus Capital Management: I'm just curious, has Chubb ever considered buying back any of its hybrid debt, especially given it's rating well below par, along with most hybrids out there? I guess, to me, it seems like it would be a better value proposition than share buybacks at this point.
Richard G. Spiro: Obviously, as you might imagine, we do get a few phone calls from time to time suggesting that that is the thing we should do. But getting back to the comments we made earlier that we think capital is king, we do get $1 billion of equity capital credit for that security from the rating agencies. We think that is important. And while there may be an economic benefit to buying it back at its current levels, coming back to the importance of capital, we think it's in our best interest at this time to continue the way we're going and leave it out. Does that answer your question?
Sean Timonen – Advantus Capital Management: Yes, thanks.
John D. Finnegan: Any other calls, Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Could you help me with the top line growth in the personal lines segment? Are you seeing clients shopping around or has the top line declined, mostly due to Forex and the non-endorsement of jewelry and fine art?
John D. Finnegan: Well, we can define the first part that the top line is 1% positive ex-currency. That's the starting point. And about flat in homeowner's ex-currency, so that gets it on a ex-currency basis. And I'll let John answer the second.
John J. Degnan : We're not seeing a dramatic change in our in-force counts. Homeowners are down about 2% and in-force, personal access liability down 3%. What we're seeing in the marketplace is an increased level of interest by high net worth policyholders in Chubb's secure credit rating. We've got a healthy flow of submissions, we're quoting a fair amount of business, but we're turning down business from some of our troubled competitors, which is heavily CAT-constrained, which is priced at a level where we don't think it's an appropriate use of our CAT exposure. So we're not taking business where we can't get the price we require. The competitive landscape is pretty much what it's been over the last couple of years. Just more interest, I think, in moving based on credit than has existed in the past.
John D. Finnegan: Fewer endorsements on jewelry, for example, there are not many housing starts, as you might imagine, in the $1 million and up market. There are not many houses moving up in that market by inflation. So the denominator, the opportunity is less in an economic downturn than it is in good times.
John J. Degnan: One final thing we should point out for you is our premiums generally adjust on renewal for inflation guard, so if there is increased cost of replacement attributable to labor or commodities, there is an inflation guard factor that goes into it. Obviously, as I pointed out in the last call, that factor has gone down somewhat as the economy has finally decreased commodity prices in most of the markets in which we do business and lowered labor costs.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Did I hear you correctly that the in-force business was down 2% year-over-year?
John J. Degnan: Yes, in the first quarter of this year over the first quarter of last year.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: For some of us who expected you to gain market share because of the AIG issue, just curious why that has not been faster than we would have thought?
John J. Degnan: Well, the marketplace is still pretty intense out there and one carrier, which I haven't named, is routinely cutting it's renewal pricing by 30% or 40%, so even personal lines customers who are high net worth are interested in saving money and more of them are staying with their current carrier, because they view these policies as relatively short-tail and they'll take another look depending on their perception of the current carrier at renewal. So, while we haven't seen as dramatic a flow of business in from those weakened competitors, depending on how the outlook is for them in the future, it may happen yet.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: My second question was on the DNO liability, I recall last quarter you mentioned that the dismissal rates on the claims would likely be higher because of high updating standards. Have you seen anything different this quarter versus last quarter?
John J. Degnan: This dismissal rate is still running about 10 points higher on average than the normal dismissal rates in previous clustered claims. It's still relatively early. It's a trend I would hope for the reasons I explained last quarter to see sustainable over a period of time, but it's still higher on a relative basis.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Would it also be fair to assume that you're also not reserving to the higher level that you might have done maybe in the last down cycle because of the higher dismissal rates?
John D. Finnegan: That hasn't been a factor in our reserve rate, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Mark Duwell] – RBC Capital Markets.
[Mark Duwell] – RBC Capital Markets: You commented on your treaty renewal at 401 and I was wondering despite you obviously changed the program around a little bit, but could you characterize whether you paid much more for that program than the prior or whether the change in limits reduced your cost?
Richard G. Spiro: I guess in summary, we did pay more this year upon the renewal of our two major CAT treaties and our commercial per risk property treaty, but the cost increases were in line with our expectations. Why don't I try to give you some sense of what we saw and what that translates into? I guess consistent with recent market reports, property reinsurance pricing is increasing in some areas, but it varies widely by geography and structure. So for example, in terms of a pure rate increase, our April 1 market pricing for our North American property CAT program was up somewhere in the mid-teens area, however, we did not see any pure rate increases in our other two treaties. We have a stable long-term trading history with our reinsurers and that helps to mitigate price increases in a year like 2009. As you pointed out, we did make some changes this year to our retentions to some of the layers to better manage or costs and exposures, as I mentioned earlier, and we did issue a new CAT bond. So to try to put all of that in a box for you, if we take all of those changes into account, the total cost of our major treaties dollars we're actually spending this year, including our CAT bonds, will be only about 5% more than we paid last year. So hopefully that gives you some idea of the trends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Serafin – Citadel
Mark Serafin – Citadel: Could you guys talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the workers comp claims environment and the competitive environment, and maybe talk about what was driving the increase in loss ratio in the quarter looking back over last year whether that was some prior year reserve development or just your current year pick.
John D. Finnegan : I think the answer to the latter question is we had a fabulous workers comp experience, I mean you're not going to run 83 in workers comp forever it's just not possible given regulated rates, so I just think that workers comp has gravitated to a more long-term level. It's pretty damn profitable. I'll ask John to talk about what you see on the claims experience.
John D. Degnan: Well, not much deterioration in the claims experience on the comp side. The book continues to perform pretty well. Comp new arising counts are down 15% quarter-over-quarter so we're pleased with that. Comp is a relatively unique book of business for us and what we tend to write and where we select to play in the market, but we're pretty pleased with the results.
John D. Finnegan: Just to answer further your question, there was no adverse development in the first quarter of 2009, and very small favorable in the first quarter of 2008 mostly due to accident year and due to rate and due to rate. Rates have been coming down, the rate declines have lagged al little bit some of the tremendous performance improvements in a place like California and now they're coming down. I just think 83.7 is an awfully good combined ratio and very tough to sustain over time.
John D. Degnan: One further thing, obviously, this is a line of business affected by the economy, so with payrolls being down and some companies actually diminishing or going out of business you would expect to see some decline in the premium base, but its not out of line with what we would expect or want.
Operator: Your final question comes from [Yuron Kinar] – Citigroup.
Josh Shanker for [Yuron Kinar] - Citigroup: This is Josh Shanker. A couple of questions, first of all I want to find out whether you had any thoughts on positioning the investment portfolio in arising interest rate environment and how that might affect the muni situation in terms of mark-to-markets and whatnot.
John D. Finnegan: I'll let Ricky take that. Are you predicting a rising interest rate environment or is this a long-term concern?
Josh Shanker for [Yuron Kinar] - Citigroup: Maybe 18 months.
John D. Finnegan: Oh, okay. Well, given the rates on cash, we may not put it all in cash in the meantime.
Richard G. Spiro: Obviously, you're question is an important one and one we do consider. I guess what we'd say is one of the key drivers of our core investment strategy is our asset liability analysis, and as you know we deploy an intermediate maturity strategy on the asset side based on the knowledge that we have an intermediate term duration liability. So as rates start to rise, we'd be investing the coupon and the maturity cash flow of our portfolio, as well as cash flow from operations at higher rates. Likewise, we also get some of the benefit and the value of liabilities as discount rates rises. So in a rising interest rate environment, we think that would most likely be indicative of an improving economy. And should that happen, we would expect yield spreads in the taxable market to tighten significantly and ratios in the tax-exempt bond market to compress, as well. We think our portfolios actually dramatically outperform Treasury securities and fall in value much less than potentially other assets. So, we're comfortable with where our portfolio is structured today. We think we've got our arms around our exposure to interest rate risk, and we don't expect to make any material changes in our strategy or the composition of our portfolio in the near-term.
Josh Shanker for [Yuron Kinar] - Citigroup: Any interest in the PPIP?
Richard G. Spiro: We continue to review all of those government plans, but we have not made any decision to participate yet and we have not participated to date.
Josh Shanker for [Yuron Kinar] - Citigroup: Okay, and unrelated, [inaudible] the business from the high net worth individuals hasn't moved as quickly as maybe you thought or even I thought. I'm wondering longer term as that starts to move, is there any aggregation risk in Long Island, Florida or whatnot if you took share in that market that you couldn't write as much business as might flow to you?
John D. Finnegan: Sure, I think that you have to watch your aggregation exposures closely. I think it's fair to say that the competitor to whom you probably refer that's having a difficult time gained market share by writing in difficult CAT environments because we had certain limits and that a lot of the business that could potentially flow to us has CAT exposure to it so, unless you're able to get rate and some states you're not able to get rate, we have to turn that down. Now, in other states you can get rate that's acceptable, but you've got to still work within your aggregate. So, aggregation and CAT exposure is definitely an issue and it's one of the, I wouldn't say price cuts by competitors is one issue, the economy is the second issue. The third is we have to be very prudent and we just can't take on new aggregations unless it falls within our limits and whether it is price justified.
Operator: Mr. Finnegan, there are no other questions remaining in the queue. I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
John D. Finnegan: Okay, thank you very much for calling in.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference, everyone. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan –President & Chief Executive Officer John J. Degnan – Chief Operating Officer Richard G. Spiro – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan David Small - J.P. Morgan Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital
Operator: Welcome to The Chubb Corporation’s fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry, and its results members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb’s management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today’s presentation of Chubb’s fourth quarter 2008 financial results, Chubb’s management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with the GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the fourth quarter 2008 which are available on the Investor Section of Chubb’s website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through February 27, 2009. Those listening after January 29, 2009, should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter operating results as all three business units contributed to strong performance by maintaining underwriting discipline in a competitive market. These solid results also benefited from continued favorable loss development and benign cat activity which offset margin compression and current accident year results and lower investment income. For all of 2008 operating income per share was the third best in Chubb’s history despite unusually high cat activity, primarily hurricane Ike, and the cumulative soft market rate deterioration over the past four years. On a relative basis we significantly outperformed the industry in the first nine months and expect that our full-year results will continue this trend. Our investment portfolio remains in excellent shape despite unprecedented turmoil in capital markets. The modest level of our first quarter net investment losses, despite the massive decline in worldwide asset values, reflects the successful execution of our conservative investment philosophy. There were also some important developments in the fourth quarter which may affect results in 2009. Perhaps most important we saw some signs that the insurance rate environment is improving and that the long awaited end to the soft market is in sight. We believe this trend should continue into 2009, especially when higher reinsurance costs are factored into the primary carrier’s pricing. As we anticipated our third quarter conference remarks, we were also able to capitalize on significant new business opportunity resulting from insurance market dislocation. This was partially offset by a negative impact on the insurance business of the continued deterioration in the economy. We expect these trends to continue in 2009 as well. Finally, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar adversely affected our fourth quarter results with currency having a negative 2% to 3% impact on net written premium and investment income growth. Assuming the dollar remains at current levels, currency will continue to negatively impact premium growth and investment income in 2009. I would briefly summarize the net effect of these moving parts on our 2009 outlook as follows: until rates increase significantly and are reflected in earned premiums, combined rations will continue to deteriorate as a result of the impact of cumulative rate reductions experienced over the last four years; in addition, premium growth will be limited by the economic environment; investment income growth will be adversely affected by lower yields; and both will be negatively impacted by the strength of the U.S. dollar. Accordingly we are forecasting a decline in operating income per share in 2009 to a range of $4.80 to $5.20 per share. I will have more to say on guidance in my closing remarks and John Degnan and Ricky Spiro will talk more about our underlying assumptions. Longer term, we expect a firming of the market as capital constraints, underwriting results and reinsurance costs lead to rate increases. In addition, market dislocation will provide opportunities to financially strong insurers. And we are well positioned to capitalize on these rate market developments. And now John Degnan will discuss our operating performance.
John J. Degnan: I’m going to begin with a review of individual business unit results for the fourth quarter. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums grew 2% and CPI produced a combined ratio of 80.9%, which was 10.3% better than last year. CPI had negative 1.2% of cats in the fourth quarter of 2008 due to a downward revision of our estimates for losses from hurricane Ike. Excluding cats, CPI’s fourth quarter combined ratio was 82.1% this year and 80.8% last year. Homeowners premiums were flat with a combined ratio of 77.1%, including a negative 1.8% of cats. Excluding those cats homeowners produced a 78.9% combined ratio in the 2008 fourth quarter compared to 73% in 2007. Personal auto premiums declined 3% with a combined ratio of 84.8%. In other personal lines premiums increased 16% and the combined ratio was 89.3%. As expected, CPI benefitted in the fourth quarter from additional opportunities in the high end homeowners business resulting from market dislocation. This was partially offset by a decline in new housing starts; fewer endorsements covering jewelry, fine arts and other valuable articles; and reduced inflation guard adjustments. We expect all those trends to continue into 2009. All in all, growth in CPI net written premiums, ex currency, for the fourth quarter ws 5%. However, given the substantial strengthening in the U.S. dollar, the impact of currency was approximately 3% reducing fourth quarter growth to 2%. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, premiums were down 7% and the combined ratio for the quarter was 88.8% compared to last year’s 85.3%. the fourth quarter included neglible cat losses in 2008 compared with 1.2% in 2007. CPI’s ratio of new to lost business in the U.S. was 1.0-to-1.0 in the fourth quarter and CPI’s retention rate was 84% with an average renewal rate decrease of 3%. It might be worth digressing here to describe specifically how we measure retention at Chubbs since we have heard that there are questions about how carriers are doing so and our aim is to be transparent. Generally speaking, we believe that measuring retention only by policy count or by customer is not as meaningful as by premium, so our primary retention metric focuses on expiring premium dollars measured on a policy-by-policy basis and not including changes in rates or renewal exposure. In other words, our retention ratio captures the percentage of the expiring policy premiums that were actually renewed. We do it this way because a dollar retention measure more directly correlates to written premium growth than does a policy or customer retention measure. And using expiring premiums allows us to track separately the renewal effects of any rate and exposure changes without conflating them with retention itself. The 7% decline in CCI net written premiums was driven by a 2% negative impact of currency in the quarter, a 3% decline in average renewal rates compared to the fourth quarter of 2007, and the impact of the economic downturn.  Since our underwriting appetite does not overlap with our financially troubled competitors in most of our CCI business, the fourth quarter impact of the market dislocation was primarily attributable to the real estate investment trust segment, where customer demand for carriers with stable, high credit ratings presented us with some very good opportunities. As Chubb’s Special Insurance net written premiums were down 2% and the combined ratio was 83.8% compared to 74.6% in the fourth quarter last year.  Professional liability premiums declined 2%, all of which was attributable to currency, and it had a combined ratio of 88.4% compared to 78.3% in last year’s fourth quarter. In the U.S. fourth quarter renewal retention was 87%, the ratio of new to lost business was 1.3-to-1.0 and average renewal rates were essentially flat. CSI benefited in the fourth quarter from additional opportunities in the profession liability business resulting from market dislocations but rates also firmed, with the year-over-year quarterly rate movement turning slightly positive at the end of the quarter and that’s the first quarter in four-and-a-half years in which rates did not decline. The economic downturn had only a minimal impact on professional liability growth. For surety net written premiums were down 6% and growth in that business was adversely affected in the fourth quarter, and will continue to be hurt in 2009, by the impact of the weaker economy on the construction business. However, profitability was strong with a combined ratio of 52% for the quarter and 70% for the year. As you can see, there were a number of major developments which affected the market in the fourth quarter. Let me summarize them and provide you with our market outlook for 2009.  Let’s start with rate. At the time of our third quarter call in October we indicated that there were a number of reasons to suggest that pricing should begin to firm. These included industry-wide trends toward higher combined ratios, reduced levels of excess capital, higher cost of capital, and lower investment returns. At the same time, we recognized that the P&C industry doesn’t always act rationally so we avoided any definitive predictions on the timing or pace of a market turn. Three months later, there is additional evidence that rates will increase and that selective parts of the market will harden during 2009. But the precise timing and magnitude of those changes are still difficult to predict with certainty. All of the underlying factors we cited remain in place and have actually made the need for rate more compelling. In addition, the market dislocation opportunities which we saw in the last quarter, and which we expect will play out even more positively for us in 2009. Also our confidence in a market turn in that year. We already see evidence of that in our fourth quarter results.  For example, in our professional liability lines fourth quarter renewal rates were flat, a significant improvement over the negative 2% in the third quarter of 2008, and the negative 5% for all of 2007. They also reflect an improved rate trend throughout 2008 as we began to see the hoped-for migration of rapidly improving financial institution D&O and E&O rates into other segments of the book. The current market dynamics, and our own insistent on overall rate increases, suggests strongly that we will continue to see improvement in professional liability pricing through 2009. Also, in CCI, the evidence of improving rates is consistent with our expectations although somewhat less robust. So while commercial rates continued to decline in the fourth quarter, down 3%, that’s the best result in the last several quarters and a continuing improvement over the negative 6% and negative 4% in the second and third quarters respectively. An encouraging trend. For that reason and others we expect commercial rates to continue to improve slowly, especially as the reported higher cost of reinsurance plays out in primary insurance prices. Another area we discussed at length in our third quarter conference call was the business opportunities arising from insurance market dislocation. There is a steady, but not yet overwhelming, flow of business opportunities being presented to us as a result of the market dislocations triggered by the weakened financial condition of several of our competitors, particularly in lines such as high net worth personal lines, profession liability, the REITS, and excess umbrella.  The amount of such business we see is a direct function of the perception of the problems with our competitors and as such, is influenced by rating agency action and various other factors. We continue to take advantage of the opportunities and have already benefitted from them. That said, we are not so hungry for market share that we will compete against irresponsible pricing. We are content to await developments and benefit from the heightened flight to quality which we believe will build a momentum through 2009. On the other side of the coin, turmoil in the overall economy did begin to reduce business opportunities we might otherwise have seen in the fourth quarter. For example, our homeowners growth has been hurt by the slowdown in construction of high-end homes and by reduced inflation guard adjustments and fewer endorsements for jewelry and fine arts. In CCI higher unemployment and lower economic activity is beginning to affect our workers comp, marine, and builders risk businesses. And in the case of CSI the impact of professional liability premium growth from the downturn has been limited but our surety business is clearly being affected by the reduced level of construction activity. The final area which bears discussion is currency, since it had a major effect on our fourth quarter results and will continue to impact our results in 2009. About 20% to 25% of our premiums come from outside the U.S. and the dramatic strengthening of the U.S. dollar has adversely affected our net written premium growth and our investment income. Looking out at 2009 we expect many of these trends to continue although their magnitude is difficult to project but for guidance purposes we have assumed rates to be flat. While many indications would suggest that rates should increase during 2009, and there are reasons to believe they will, we did not think it prudent to incorporate potential perspective rate increases into our guidance. That should not be misconstrued to conclude that we will not be as aggressive in seeking rate in 2009. Just the opposite is true. We are pushing commercial rate increases across our portfolio and across the globe. While our combined ratios are superior to the industry we still recognize the importance of rate adequacy in the underwriting process and to the long-term stability we offer our clients, producers, and shareholders.  In order to be judicious in our rating tactics, we regularly dissect and track commercial rate change by customer segment and size, by geography, producer, policy type, and most importantly, by individual customer experience and risk exposures. Recent examples of areas we pushed hardest for rate increase are risk management customers, hospital property accounts, and financial institutions professional liability. Our overall retention is lower in these areas, yet it is a trade-off that we are willing to make. Until these rate increases materialize, net written premium growth, ex currency, is projected to be flat to low-single-digit in 2009. However, assuming the U.S. dollar remains at current levels, premium growth would be adversely affected by 3% to 4% from currency this year. This would bring overall net premium growth to the negative 1% to the negative 4% range that is incorporated in our guidance. Switching subjects, we’ve been following with some skepticism the predictions of ultimate insured losses from the credit crisis as well as speculation about our specific share of that number. It is clear that the full dimension of this systemic event is extremely difficult to assess but we acknowledge that it will generate substantial insured and non-insured losses.  So I would like to spend a few minutes on three important points about potential credit crisis losses. First, because of enhanced pleading standards in the D&O arena, the nature of credit crisis E&O claims, and the general volatility of the stock market, credit crisis claims may be quite different from prior events, and as such, present unique difficulties in quantifying an ultimate industry insured loss. Second, if even one could reasonably estimate an industry loss number, a simple market share allocation of a portion of that loss to Chubb would ignore unique characteristics of our book of business and be potentially misleading. Third, based on our assessment of the implications of this event for Chubb we are convinced that we are prudently booking appropriate professional liability reserves for accident years 2007 and 2008 in consideration of the exposure. Now as to that first point, securities class action litigation in 2008 was dominated by litigation against financial services firms, the vast majority of which arose out of the credit crisis. A recent Cornerstone report commented on the lack of increased security class action litigation in the second half of 2008 despite a dramatic drop in stock market value and an unprecedented spike in market volatility, both of which have historically directly correlated to increased litigation. The report suggested a “new dynamic” may be at work here. That observation conforms to our own thinking and finds support in our experience to date.  I have observed in the past that there is an economic lens through which the plaintiff’s securities action bar largely determines whether an action will be brought. It entails an assessment of whether the probability of success and the economic return, usually in the form of a settlement value, warrants a significant investment of time and resources required to pursue a particular action. It’s panamount really to an internal rate of return on investment analysis and I believe the plaintiffs bar triages its opportunities on that basis. In the context of such an analysis, credit crisis claims have some concerning characteristics for the plaintiffs bar. They are the first group of claims to be filed under both the heightened pleadings standard of [tellout] and the heightened loss causation standards of the [doer] case. On that note by the way, just this month the second and ninth circuit courts of appeals, which are the two bellwether jurisdictions because most securities actions are filed there, affirmed the dismissal with prejudice of two cases, which while they didn’t arise from the credit crisis, they did allow the court to evaluate the pleadings under the heightened [tellout] standards. These decisions do not bode well for plaintiffs in credit crisis litigation. In fact, we’re already seeing a higher rate of credit crisis security class actions complaints being dismissed on motion that has historically been the case. That is encouraging, of course, although I should that some of the dismissals were without prejudice, the plaintiff’s ability to replead and attempt to meet the [tellout] standards. Aside from those heightened pleading standards that are applicable to credit crisis D&O claims, there are also factors in the potential E&O claims arising from the credit crisis that mitigate the [egon acupsae] for the plaintiffs bar. It is important to point out in this area, the majority of the claims continue to be individual investor claims although there also some regulatory claims and some attempts to pursue claims on a class basis.  But from a practical standpoint single plaintiff claims often are subject to mandatory arbitration, which tends to reduce settlement values significantly so that they don’t warrant the investment of time and litigation resources made in class action cases. And moreover, individual cases often trigger multiple deductibles, thus reducing an insuror’s exposure to defense expenses and indemnity payments. In addition, numerous institutions have avoided claims altogether by voluntarily reaching business accommodations with clients. For example, by buying back auction rate securities. And as you may know, several of the largest financial services firms, particularly investment banks, did not or could not even procure E&O insurance over the last several years, as a result of which insurance programs may be small, non-existent, and at the same time the deep pockets of large financial institutions may not be so deep. In the context of the above observations, E&O claims arising from the credit crisis are less likely to present the economic return desired by the plaintiffs bar. There is a third reason why it’s difficult to project industry insured losses. We have often stated that there is a correlation between the volatility of the stock market and the frequency of securities class action litigation. I see no reason to alter that observation but the correlation may not hold in this case. Historically, precipitous market cap decline that the magnitude we saw in many sectors of the market in 2008 would have drawn the attention of the plaintiffs bar and quickly spawned the typical class action allegations that management of the effective companies misrepresented or omitted material information that they knew or recklessly disregarded. However, while we have certainly seen historic market cap declines, in this instance they are so wide-spread and at times so seemingly indiscriminate that they appear to be the function of, or at coincidental with, generic factors driving the entire market rather than the result of company-specific information or developments. It seems to us that this dynamic should make it more difficult for plaintiffs to overcome the elevated pleading standards that I’ve referred to or to establish loss causation. If so, then frequency may be very well less than expected. In that context the normal expectations were increased claim activity and the estimates of exposure from those cases that are filed may be overstated. Another danger in projecting frequency would be to assume that a bankruptcy will automatically trigger a securities class action case. We do anticipate that 2009 will see more bankruptcies to both private and listed companies, but not all of those will precipitate D&O claims. We found over the years that sudden bankruptcies generally precipitate immediate claims.  That has been less true of slow deterioration leading to eventual bankruptcy because the general weakened financial condition of such a company would likely be known by the markets and factored into the pricing obviously making it more difficult to sustain an allegation that a failure to make appropriate disclosure caused the loss. All of those factors may explain why the filing of securities class actions arising out of the credit crisis began to increase in the second half of 2007 but then trailed off dramatically in the second half of 2008, notwithstanding the remarkable stock market volatility during that period. At least one analyst has suggested that that phenomenon is attributable to an interest on the part of the plaintiffs bar to focus on larger financial institutions with deep pockets. My second point about the credit crisis is that even if it were possible to project an industry loss, there are unique aspects of Chubb’s book, notwithstanding its market share, which would make it particularly difficult to simply allocate on a mathematical formula and accurate portion of that loss to Chubb. In fact, our loss exposure may be very well be considerably less than its simplistic application of market share to estimated loss it would produce. As I’ve pointed out in the past, Chubb’s exposure is generally in the D&O, E&O, and fiduciary lines and claim activity in each has progressed pretty much as expected. I would point out that on the D&O side, our new arised claims activity was down in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter and in the second half of 2008 relative to the first half. The activity we did see in the last six months mostly involved claims against insureds that already have been sued but were subject to additional or amended law suits based on a worsening condition. In addition, as would be expected, the claims activity we have had to date has tended to focus on the large financial institutions for which, as I have told you in the past, we provide limited coverage. As I have noted in previous calls, we are much better positioned on those financial institutions’ exposures than we were during past events, like the 2002 and prior corporate-abuse scandal, due to a number of D&O underwriting strategies implemented over the past several years, which include moving the focus of our underwriting away from larger to smaller and mid-size financial institutions, managing our limits down, and shifting the larger accounts that we do right more to excess and Side-A-only coverages. There has been considerable speculation by commentators that D&O credit crisis claims activity will eventually filter down to smaller financial institutions like community banks and that Chubb will be impacted heavily by that. I should note that to date we have not seen any significant level of credit crisis claims activity in that space.  Although we do write this segment, our underwriting criteria inherently restrict our appetite and Chubb has only about a 10% market share of community banks. In that regard we believe that our underwriting strategies over the past few years have effectively reduced our exposure. We have reduced limits and restricted writings in states where the real estate markets have been most dramatically impacted. So for example, of the 23 community banks that failed in 2008, we insured only one of the, with a $1.0 million limit. Moreover, many of our insured institutions simply do not participate in the types of products and transactions that gave rise to the credit crisis and wrecked such havoc on some of the bigger firms. And given their ownership, they are generally lower market capitalization and the heightened standards for pleadings, many of these institutions may not be viewed as attractive targets for the labor-intensive and expensive class action litigation. On the E&O front of the credit crisis claims, the number of new claims involving our insureds has remained fairly consistent. Steady but not overwhelming. I have already noted the general observation, which also pertains to the Chubb book, but these are by and large single plaintiff cases with all the hurdles that creates for their pursuit by the plaintiffs bar. And given our underwriting decisions to move away from writing E&O insurance for major investment banking firms, the largest commercial banks, and mortgage brokers, we have already avoided some of the most significant potential exposures and are in a far better position than we were during the corporate fraud scandal. Based on all those factors, we continue to perceive less potential exposure for Chubb on the E&O side than the D&O side. Finally, on the fiduciary side of the credit crisis there are no real developments to report. We saw few new claims in the second half of 2008 and the majority of claims we have are the follow-on variety. That’s where a stop-drop case under ERISA mimics the allegations of its sister’s securities-type action. From an underwriting perspective over the past few years, we have a much more limited appetite for dual exposure of D&O and fiduciary. When we have accepted them we have often tied the limits of a fiduciary policy to those of the D&O policy in order to avoid the effective stacking of those limits. As a result, we don’t foresee substantial fiduciary exposure. To sum up, the securities class action litigation environment, as well as the nature of potential E&O claims, suggests that credit crisis events may present a new dynamic which makes it more difficult to project an industry insured loss number. Beyond that, based primarily on our underwriting strategies over the past several years, we believe that although Chubb will have significant losses, we will have less exposure than a pure market share allocation might suggest. And finally, based on our actual claims experience, our underwriting strategies, our understanding of the exposed lines of business, and our assessment of coverage potential and litigation developments, we have done our best to ensure that we are reserving the effective lines in prudent fashion during 2007 and 2008.  This is reflected in the fact that we are reserving the overall professional liability business, which is diversified well beyond just the financial institution segment and the specific coverages that so far are most implicated. So an estimated combined ratio of 103% perhaps in year 2008. Before concluding I also want to share with you some preliminary observations about the insurance claims which may arise from the widely publicized Bernard Madoff Ponzi scheme. While there will be some D&O, fiduciary, and fidelity allegations, we believe that the bulk of the allegations will be directed at the errors and omissions of the so-called feeder funds, funds of funds, investment advisors, family offices and wealth managers. On this front I would make just three points. First, it’s likely that many of these firms will have relatively small programs of E&O insurance, making them less appealing targets and making this less of an insurance issue than some may think. We have written some business for such entities, for example, but it has generally been at low limits and we tended to stay away from those catering to high net worth individuals. Second, these types of investor losses often do not lend themselves to class action litigation and pursuing them individually will be more costly for plaintiffs and will invoke more insurance deductibles and retentions. Third, there are certain to be significant additional issues concerning coverage and applicable exclusions as well as the appropriate measure of damages, the true extent of which may be much less than hypothetical amounts calculated based on what investors thought their investments had grown to. Turning last to a first party perspective, we do expect to pay some Masterpiece homeowners claims related to this scandal. While our policy does not cover investment losses it does cover theft that will apply in some situations that involve direct transactions with Mr. Madoff. This coverage is generally subject to very low limits, however, typically up to $2,000 for cash and $5,000 for securities. Under those circumstances we don’t the aggregate personal lines paid losses for Chubb to be particularly significant. At this point I will turn it over to Ricky Spiro.
Richard G. Spiro: As you know, this is my first conference call since I assumed the CFO position. I look forward to working with all of you. Looking first at our operating results, underwriting income was strong amounting to $443.0 million in the fourth quarter and $1.4 billion for the full year. This was the third best underwriting performance in the company’s history despite the high level of catastrophe losses. Property and casualty investment income after tax declined by 5% in the quarter to $316.0 million but increase by 2% for the full year to $1.3 billion. Approximately half the decline in the fourth quarter was due to the impact of currency fluctuations on our international investments, in addition growth in investment income was adversely affected by the significant decline of yields on our short-term investments. Net income was lower than operating income in the quarter due to net realized investment losses before tax of $250.0 million, or $0.45 per share after tax. Realized losses included impairment charges of $229.0 million. Of the impairments, $192.0 million came from write-downs in our equity portfolio due to the dramatic decline of global equity markets and $37.0 million came from write-downs in our fixed maturity portfolio. Realized losses in the quarter also included a $125.0 million loss on our alternative investment portfolio. As a reminder, our alternative investments, which totaled $2.0 billion at year end, consist mainly of a well diversified portfolio of private equity and distressed debt partnerships. As my colleagues have mentioned previously, we account for these holdings on a quarter lag because of the time required to receive updated valuations from the partnership’s investment managers. These valuations are closely linked to the public markets.  As a result of the reporting lag, this quarter’s loss was largely due to third quarter mark to market losses on the underlying assets held by the limited partnerships which reflected the dramatic decline in publicly traded equities and spread widening in the third quarter. Because of this reporting lag, our results for the first quarter of 2009 will reflect the valuations from our alternative investments at the end of 2008. As we all know, the decline in the worldwide capital markets in the fourth quarter of 2008 were substantially greater than in the third quarter.  As a result, we would expect that realized losses from our alternative investments that we will record in the first quarter will be higher than what we recorded in the fourth quarter. Since we won’t receive all of the year end partnership valuations until well into the first quarter, we do not know at this time what the actual realized losses for the alternative investments will be.  But based on the limited information that we currently have, and what happened in the capital markets in the fourth quarter, we would estimate that our net realized loss from alternative investments in the first quarter would be around $300.0 million before tax. Unrealized depreciations before taxes as of December 31, 2008, was $220.0 million compared to unrealized depreciation of $443.0 million at the end of the third quarter. This compares to unrealized appreciation before tax of $810.0 million at year end 2007. The financial turmoil in the global capital markets also impacted the investment performance and funded status of our pension plans which had an adverse impact on our book value. Book value per share under GAAP at December 31, 2008, was $38.13 compared to $38.56 at year end 2007 and adjusted book value per share, which we calculate with available for sale, fixed maturities at amortized cost, was $38.38 compared to $37.87 at 2007 year end. Let’s now turn to our investment portfolio. The total carrying value of our consolidated investment portfolio declined to $38.7 billion as of December 31, 2008, from $40.1 billion at year end 2007. This decline was more than accounted for by the impact of unrealized depreciation and the impact of currency fluctuations on our portfolio. At December 31, 2008, 7% of the portfolio was in short-term investments, 84% in fixed maturity securities, 4% in equities, and 5% in alternative investments. Our fixed maturity portfolio consists of a well diversified high-quality portfolio of tax exempt securities, Treasuries, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and international fixed income investments. The average duration of the fixed maturity portfolio is 4.6 years and the average credit rating is double-A-2. You can find more detailed information about the composition of our investment portfolio by asset class in the supplementary investor information on our website. Our holding company investment portfolio provides us with excellent liquidity. At year end the holding company portfolio included $1.6 billion of short-term investments plus $800.0 million of fixed maturity securities. 97% of these investments are triple-A rated or cash equivalents and our liquidity position is further enhanced by the fact that we do not have any corporate debt maturing until 2011. We also had some great news last month in terms of our ratings, particularly in the midst of the current economic and financial crisis. Standard & Poor’s upgraded our senior debt rating from single-A to A-plus and affirmed all of our other ratings, including our double-A financial strength rating with a stable outlook. In addition, both A. M. Best and Fitch recently affirmed all of their Chubb ratings with stable outlooks. These ratings place Chubb as one of the most highly rated property and casualty companies in the marketplace and we believe a reflection of our overall quality and strong financial condition. Finally, as we told you told you last quarter, we decided to exit our securities lending program, which had been in place for several years. I am happy to report that as of year end, we are now completely out of the securities lending business. Turning now to reserves, we estimate that in the fourth quarter of 2008 we had favorable development on prior-year reserves by SBU as follows: in CPI we had about $40.0 million; CCI had about $30.0 million; CSI had about $115.0 million; and reinsurance assumed at about $25.0 million, bringing the total favorable for Chubb to about $210.0 million for the quarter. For comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2007 we had about $220.0 million of favorable development for the company overall, including about $10.0 million in CPI, $35.0 million in CCI, $125.0 million in CSI, and $50.0 million in reinsurance assumed. During the fourth quarter our loss reserves decreased by $807.0 million. Reserves in our reinsurance assumed business, which is now in run off, declined by $60.0 million. Reserves in the insurance business decreased by $747.0 million during the quarter.  The impact of currency fluctuations on loss reserves during the fourth quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of about $400.0 million. The impact of catastrophes decreased reserves by $213.0 million, and another component of the decrease in the reserves of the insurance business was attributable to a $90.0 million payment related to the surety loss that we discussed last year. The expense ratio for the fourth quarter was 30.4% compared to last year’s 30.5%. Turning to capital management, we repurchased 3.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $164.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2008. This completed the 20.0 million share repurchase program we announced in December 2007.  Last month we announced a new 20.0 million share repurchase program. The pace of the new buyback program will depend on the state of the global capital markets and the potential for profitable growth in the property and casualty insurance market. We began to buy back shares under our new authorization in December but believe that it is prudent to proceed cautiously at the start of the year given the current environment and to continue to maintain our strong capital position. For purposes of our 2009 earnings guidance, which John Finnegan will share with you shortly, we have assumed a $250.0 million buyback for the full year. depending on market conditions, we may accelerate the pace of the buyback.  We remain committed to an active capital management strategy and will continue to evaluate how to best utilize our excess capital as the year progresses. Finally, to provide some additional background for the discussion about guidance, let me say a few words about our property and casualty investment income. We expect P&C investment income to decline by 4% to 6% in 2009, half of which is attributable to currency fluctuations on our international investments as a result of the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Our investment income growth will also be adversely affected by the historically low yields on short-term investments. For purposes of our forecast, we have assumed no change in investment yields or foreign exchange rates from current levels during 2009. And now I will turn it back to John.
John D. Finnegan: As you all know, 2008 was a tumultuous year for the financial services industry and the insurance business was not immune. CCE industry profitability declined dramatically, investment losses impacted balance sheets and industry capital levels dropped significantly. Within this environment we believe Chubb performed exceptionally well on all fronts. We had the third best earnings year in our history. Our investment portfolio performed extremely well given the almost unprecedented decline in global asset values. Our relative stock price performance was excellent. Our total shareholder return of negative 4% in 2008 compares very favorably to a negative 37% total return for the S&P 500 and a negative 29% return for the S&P property and casualty index. And we completed a 28.0 million repurchase program and raised the dividend by 14%. Moving into 2009, the financial markets remain in turmoil. The dollar remains strong, yields remain low and the economic downturn is worsening.  On the other hand, a major positive on the horizon is that it looks like the soft market is ending. This is supported by improved rate experienced in the fourth quarter. Although we still have a ways to go for rates to move up to an area where they offset cost escalation.  We believe there are a number of factors which should cause this to happen and we are bullish on rates over the next few years, although the magnitude and timing of such an increase is difficult to predict. Until significant rate increases actually occur we will continue at a profitability pressure reflecting the cumulative rate declines experienced in the commercial and specialty business over the last four years. In addition to slow economic environment and continued strength of the dollar will place additional pressure on growth and profitbability. Finally, lower investment yields and the stronger dollar will limit investment income growth potential.  We have developed our 2009 guidance based on the assumption that 2009 insurance rates will run about flat with 2008. Why? As I noted earlier, we believe that there are a number of factors that should cause rates to turn positive in 2009. We don’t think it’s prudent to build such rate increases into our guidance, since [inaudible] increases are necessarily supported they may or may not materialize in the short term. For our investment income growth forecast we have also calculated the currency impact based on the current level of the dollar and we assume the continuation of current yield levels. On that basis we expect operating income per share to be in the range of $4.80 to $5.20. This guidance is based on our expectation that net written premiums for the insurance business will be down 1% to 4%. We will have a combined ratio of 90% to 92%. Property and casualty investment income will decline 4% to 6% and we will have 358.0 million average diluted shares outstanding. The breakdown on guidance by SBU for CPI, we expect a combined ratio of 89% to 92% for the year, for CCI, 92% to 94%, and for CSI 86% to 89%. This guidance excludes realized investment gains and losses and assumes 3% to 4% of catastrophe losses. In terms of sensitivity the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe losses on 2009 operating income per share is approximately $0.21. In summary, 2009 will be a challenging year from an earnings perspective given continued market compression, low yields, a strong dollar, and tumultuous capital market environment. However, we believe our excellent capital position, conservative investment portfolio, and strong credit ratings will allow us to leverage our demonstrated underwriting talent to generate solid returns in an uncertain economic environment and to capital on market opportunities and rate increases as they materialize. With that, we will open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joshua Shanker – Citigroup.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Could I find out what the AOCI tally is for the quarter? And can we go into a bit of detail on what is embedded in those unrealized losses, which types securities there are? And two, with the significant drop in reserves for professional liability, can you give us idea of how that is working by accident year, the moving pieces in that?
John J. Degnan: Most of the favorable loss development on the CSI book is coming from 2004 and 2005 and as I said, we are booking the 2007 and 2008 years appropriately with 103 combined for professional liability all up for 2008.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: So I assume the recent ventures the reserves are growing but they are dramatically being offset by the prior vintages?
John D. Finnegan: No, there is no deterioration in the recent vintages. You could say the reserves are growing in the sense that our pick for 2008 is a higher level, actually a combined ration, than it had been previously but we didn’t take any adverse development in 2006 or 2007.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And regarding the securities that are currently unrealized losses, sort of make a [inaudible] there.
Richard G. Spiro: Let me address first your question as it related to the AOCI numbers. The total impact of AOCI that will show up on the balance sheet is negative $735.0 million and it breaks down as follows. There is a negative $669.0 million adjustment to unrealized depreciation of investments. There is a $226.0 million change to foreign currency translation gains. There is going to be a negative $284.0 million to the post-retirement benefit cost relating to the pension plans that I referenced earlier. And at the end of the day the total is a $735.0 million negative adjustment. Year-over-year.
John D. Finnegan: So that $660.0 million is sort of the after-tax movement from the $1.0 billion or so positive unrealized gain that we had at year end 2007 to the $200.0 million unrealized loss we had at year end 2008 tax adjusted.
Richard G. Spiro: Now in terms of the breakdown of the unrealized losses, the total net unrealized depreciation before tax at year end was $220.0 million, by asset class at year end we had unrealized depreciation of $450.0 million in our mortgage-backed securities, largely due to the market value decline of all our CMBS, including ours, in the marketplace. Unrealized depreciation of $84.0 million in equities and unrealized depreciation of about $106.0 million in some of our other taxable fixed maturities. And these unrealized losses were partially offset by unrealized depreciation of $299.0 million in our international bond portfolio. Unrealized appreciation of $46.0 million in our tax exempt securities and unrealized appreciation of $40.0 million in our U.S. government securities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Ricky, I don’t know if you can start off and give us a sense of what our key areas of focus will be as the new Chief Financial Officer.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure, be happy to. I guess as you heard from some of the comments that we made during our prepared remarks, I am going to be very focused on I guess two areas, given the environment that we are in. One is our capital and making sure that we maintain the strong capital position that we currently have into the future. And the second obviously given the turmoil in the markets, would be to focus on investments. So I think those will be the two main areas of focus in the near term.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: And on the guidance, what amount of reserve releases are implicit in the guidance for 2009?
John D. Finnegan: I will just broadly cover that. We told you in the past, our guidance is in a range and it includes a range for each of the SBUs so achieving that range can come under a number of alternative scenarios involving different SBU and accident year, calendar year, so there is no specific level of favorable guidance. Having said that, the achievement of our 2009 guidance under almost all scenarios is like to include some level of favorable development, especially in the professional liability area. Overall however, we would expect to realize a good deal less favorable development in 2009 and the very high level, over 7%, we benefited from in 2008.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: I don’t know if you could narrow that range at all in terms of the benefit to the combined ratio?
John D. Finnegan: No, because you have $0.40 you have it from different contributions, it can come in different accident years. We expect it to still be positive, if favorable loss trends continue in professional liability as we expect. But after a while you can’t sustain. We have had 7% the last two years. I don’t think it’s going to be that high.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: For John Degnan, I believe at the end of your discussion on D&O and E&O, you said that you would have significant losses from the credit crunch. I know it’s difficult to outline that in terms of the impact to the industry overall, for Chubb in particular. If you could narrow that down a bit at all I think it would be really helpful for us.
John J. Degnan: If I could I would give you a number but I am not prepared to do that. What I did say and I would reiterate now is I think we are appropriately reserving in 2008 and did in 2007, for the losses we expect to pay as we assess the situation now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Reinsurance purchases, with potentially improving prospects in the market as well as maybe other business coming for bid, is there any contemplation of changing your reinsurance cover?
John J. Degnan: We’re going to go out with our cat trading in April and we will probably have some fine tuning in it but we’re not going to have a philosophical change in our reinsurance position in 2009. Our guidance doesn’t contemplate huge amounts of additional opportunities. It’s pretty flat, currency adjusted.
John D. Finnegan: We’re working on reinsurance now but I wouldn’t expect any material change in the program
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Would that apply also to just where your program attaches relative to the past?
John J. Degnan: If you’re talking the cat program, we’re looking at that now. There could be some modifications in where we take that insurance.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: With respect to pricing, you’ve talked about there are some signs things are getting better. The flip side of that is clearly in professional lines, as an example. I don’t think a 103 is probably where you’re targeting given where interest rates are today. So how much do prices need to go up before you would really be starting the push on the growth pedal?
John D. Finnegan: Two different questions I think. Prices point-to-point will translate into growth. The other point you made, will they offset cost escalation is a little bit different point. Professional liability is a hard business to analyze that way because it is so lumpy. Clearly if the credit crisis conditions of 2007 and 2008 are going to continue you need a lot of price. On the other hand, if conditions revert to more normal, claims revert to normal, you don’t need quite as much price. But sure, we think we need price and we’re pushing heavily in professional liability and certainly in financial institutions.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: So let me rephrase that then. Before you actually start to push for units.
John D. Finnegan: Prices have to go a ways. We would have four years of prices that probably cumulatively have to climb maybe 10%, 15%, 20% in commercial and specialty. You have seen accident year do a deterioration now. You have seen it in the industry, you have seen it with us. Cost escalation may run anywhere from 0 to 5 a year, depending on which business and it’s lumpy. You are going to need some price here to just normalize accident years and revert profitability, too. You know, a few years ago, before you’re starting to trade off on units. And we’re not a company that trades up on units that well. We’re going to emphasize profitability more than unit growth, as we always do.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Small - J.P. Morgan.
David Small - J.P. Morgan: With the large settlement Merrill Lynch made with regard to some subprime securities lawsuits and then there was the Banco [Sander] settlement as well. Could you let us know if you have any exposure to either of those?
John J. Degnan: We have none.
David Small - J.P. Morgan: We have talked about yields with spreads where they are. Do you have any interest here to perhaps reposition the investment portfolio at all?
Richard G. Spiro: We have not changed our conservative and disciplined investment strategy due to the current market environment. Our core investment strategy was put in place years ago and we believe that it has served us well for all kind of market environments. So I don’t think you will see us deviating dramatically from our strategy. And so at the core of our portfolio is the high-quality, intermediate maturity fixed income portfolio with a mix of some taxable and some tax-exempt securities. And that’s with some higher risk asset classes such as equities and alternative are increased and decreased at the margin, if market opportunities present themselves. And overall the allocation to those areas is conservatively constrained as a percentage of surplus. But we see no need to change our strategy, it has served us so well for so long.  Frankly where we’re seeing real opportunities today, great risk-adjusted return opportunities, are in our core investment areas of tax-exempt bonds and investment grade corporate bonds.
David Small - J.P. Morgan: One of the insurers that I think you were referring to earlier was a large writer of primary D&O. Given that there will probably be more opportunities out there to write primary D&O, would you consider going back to writing more primary D&O?
John J. Degnan: Our public D&O book is about 60% excess and about 40% primary, so it’s not a dramatic disproportionate. Yeah, we would consider writing primary for the right accounts at the right price where we can leverage our expertise from a claims-handling perspective and from the underwriting perspective, but we will do it at our price and on our terms and conditions, which we are not going to broaden.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Can I get the book value clarified. Why is down from Q3 if you have positive earnings, positive unrealized gains, and the dividends and share repurchase were smaller. Was there a big FX translation hit?
John D. Finnegan: There is a $300.0 million after tax pension hit.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: On the D&O on the pricing side outside of financial institutions, I understand these things take time to move a market, but within D&O I guess two or three of your key competitors are struggling and it seems we’ve seen a lot retailers not just go bankrupt but liquidate, and the auto companies, and some of the energy companies have had issues. It just seems like there is potential for this to be expanding beyond financials where there would be a need to get rate in front of that hopefully rather than wait to see things get worse. I would have thought the combination of those things and given the importance of a strong balance sheet to a buyer of D&O that you would have had a lot of pricing power because you are the really the one strong provider they can go to.
John J. Degnan: Let me make a couple of points, we have had dramatic rate increases in financial institutions, public D&O rates. In the fourth quarter they were up 30%. The full year rate increase for FI public D&O was up 18% with a range of 8 in the first quarter to 30 in the fourth quarter so we are taking real rate on financial institutions and hope to see it migrate into the rest of the book. And we are beginning to. We are seeing, in the case of AIG much of the same behavior in the marketplace that other companies have talked to in the third quarter. We are stunned by the degree to which they will reduce prices on renewal of their own books to hold on to the business. The chairman has been quoted as saying they will do whatever it takes in price to hold on to the business. Now we are eager to be a part of the solution rather than part of the problem for insureds who are seeking a high-quality, disciplined player with the expertise to handle their claims. But we are not going to do it by meeting prices that we think are irresponsible. And if the markets are not going to respond to the higher quality services that we deliver, we will wait until that happens.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: In some of the bigger programs have the excess players shown any willingness to say they would rather write behind Chubb so they will give a better price in a tower above Chubb, essentially want to charge more because they are worried about drop-down risks or how those claims will be paid in five years.
John J. Degnan: From your lips to God’s ears. We will not follow the AIG price decrease on the primary. We will leave a program before we do that. What we are seeing though in a lot of renewals is the repositioning of AIG in the program where they are either taking a smaller line as the primary or they are being moved from primary to excess or higher in the excess. Generally people are hedging their bets on renewals and we are trying to take advantage of that opportunity. But unfortunately this market and the players in it don’t yet act as rationally as your questions assumes they should.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Other industries outside financial, are there ones that you are more hesitant to write now?
John D. Finnegan: You mentioned a few.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jay Cohen - BAS-ML.
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML: In the professional liability line, can you talk to the accident year combined ratio is, what to develop to for 2004, 2005, and 2006.
John D. Finnegan: We are in the process of finalizing Schedule P. That will come out in a month. 2003, 2004, 2005 were great years. You have the effect of the huge rate increases and you did have low severity in those years. They were great years. So you’ve got the 2006 and 2007. Rate decreases started to find their way in. They looked like pretty good years. But you also had some events like the credit crisis.
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML: When you look at CCI, what are you seeing relative to claims inflation?
John J. Degnan: We’re not seeing anything dramatic. Across the book it’s about 4% a year and no one line really stands out dramatically. We are pleased with what we’re seeing in claims frequency trends as well, on an ex cat basis, the new rising count for the year was down 3 points. With cats included it’s only up a point. In a lot of our lines we are pleased by the frequency. And we’re not seeing an alarming change in severity.
John D. Finnegan: In homeowners this year we had an unusually number of high non-cat large losses. Presumably it was an unusual thing that won’t repeat itself but it was 2008 we did have some high dollars number losses which were non-cat.
Jay Cohen - BAS-ML: And the negative 3%, what line of business was that?
John J. Degnan: Auto year-to-date was down 7%, workers comp was down 8, specialty was down 8. Overall ex cat the company was down 3. The only real double-digit increase that we had were in cat exposed property. We were up 10 and commercial property was up 13. We ran surety at 70 combined with a $90.0 million payment on one loss. We have gotten this book to the size and we price it to the cost of capital in a way that we can incur that kind of loss. That is the only significant loss in surety for the year.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you very much. I realize it was a long session today but I think we need to cover a lot of ground.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer John J. Degnan – Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: David Lewis - Raymond James Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners L.P. [Al Cooperstino - Manoff Investments] Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital [Michael Vasilio] - John Hancock [David Small] - J.P. Morgan Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities [Unidentified Analyst] - Credit Suisse [Connie Hubover] – Boston Company
Operator: Welcome to The Chubb Corporation’s third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from the estimates and forecasts that Chubb’s management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appears in Chubb’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prepared remarks and responses to questions during today’s presentation of Chubb’s third quarter 2008 financial results, Chubb’s management may refer to financial measures that are not derived from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with the GAAP and related information is provided in the press release and the financial supplement for the third quarter 2008 which are available on the Investor Section of Chubb’s website at www.chubb.com. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through November 21, 2008. Those listening after October 23, 2008 should please note that the information and forecasts provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. Our conference call this quarter is occurring against the backdrop of unusually high catastrophe losses, unprecedented turbulence in the worldwide financial markets, and major dislocations in the property and casualty insurance market. In this environment we are pleased with Chubb’s performance and believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities arising in the market place. In terms of third quarter results we remained significantly profitable despite losses from what will probably turn out to be the third largest hurricane in US history and the tremendous turmoil in the global capital markets. On the operating side we generated $431 million in pre-tax operating income notwithstanding $402 million of catastrophe losses reflecting the underlying strength of all of our major business units. Operating income per share for the third quarter was $0.93 compared to $1.68 a year ago.  However, overall cat losses reduced our operating income per share for this year’s quarter by $0.72 versus only $0.10 in last year’s third quarter. Most of the cat losses this quarter were attributable to Hurricane Ike. Based on the $10 billion to $20 billion estimate of total industry losses, Chubb’s cat losses from Ike were within the range of what we would have expected given our market share in the affected areas. On the investment side our results speak for themselves. Our conservative approach in selecting and managing our assets has given us a high quality investment portfolio which held up extremely well in an unprecedented environment of declining asset values worldwide. The weakened financial condition of a number of our competitors may lead to significant market dislocation and potentially a flight to quality. Chubb now enjoys an enviable position in the property and casualty segment. Our capital base, overall financial strength in ratings, underwriting excellence and reputation for premier claims service uniquely position us in the current market environment. Having worked so hard to position our company as a market leader, we intend to take advantage of those opportunities which are within our underwriting appetite and meet our pricing parameters. Now John Degnan, our Chief Operating Officer, will discuss our operating performance.
John J. Degnan: I’m going to start with some details about third quarter cat losses. About $340 million of the $402 million of pre-tax cat losses for the quarter were attributable to Hurricane Ike. Ike impacted nine states although our losses came primarily from Texas with Ohio a distant second. It was predominantly a commercial line event for us then with two thirds of our losses in commercial lines and one third in personal lines. Now let me turn to the individual business results for the third quarter. Chubb personal insurance net written premiums grew 2% and CPI produced a combined ratio of 100.7 which was 17.4 points higher than last year due largely to the higher cat losses. CPI had 16.3 points of cats in this year’s third quarter compared to 5.2 points in last year’s third quarter. Excluding cats CPI’s third quarter combined ratio was 84.4 this year and 78.1 last year. Homeowners’ premiums declined 2% and it had a combined ratio of 102.9 including 23.8 points of cats. Excluding cats homeowners produced a 79.1 combined ratio in this year’s third quarter compared to an especially outstanding 68.8 last year. Personal auto had a combined ratio of 85.7, premiums declined 4%. In other personal lines premiums increased 23% and the combined ratio was 105.8 impacted by hurricane-related yacht losses. The results of Chubb commercial insurance were also heavily impacted by cats. Although the third quarter combined ratio was 106 versus last year’s 84.4, this year’s quarter included 19.9 points of cat losses compared with only 0.8 points last year. Excluding cats CCI’s combined ratio in the third quarter was 86.1 in 2008 versus 83.6 in 2007. The two CCI lines most impacted by cats were multiple peril which had 28 points of cats and property and marine which had 49 points. In a competitive market environment CCI’s premiums were flat in the first nine months and down 2% in the third quarter. The ratio of new to loss business in the US was 1.1 to 1 in the third quarter and we retained 86% of US accounts up for renewal with an average renewal rate decrease of 4%. That’s a slight improvement over our rate experience in the last three quarters. Chubb’s specialty insurance delivered a third quarter combined ratio of 82.3 compared to 76.3 in the third quarter last year. Professional liability had a combined ratio of 84.3 compared to 81.8 in last year’s third quarter reflecting continued significant favorable development related to accident years 2005 and prior. Professional liability premiums declined 5%. In the US third quarter renewal retention was 87% and the ratio of new to loss businesses was 1.1 to 1. Average renewal rates were down 2%. That’s the lowest level of rate decline we’ve had in two years. For surety net written premiums grew 16% and the combined ratio was 65. So in summary, the market remained competitive in the third quarter with rates continuing to be negative in most commercial and specialty lines. However, the decline in rates in the third quarter was somewhat less than we had experienced in recent quarters. Moreover it should be noted that this improvement was not the result of recent insurance market dislocations which occurred too late in the quarter to have any impact. This is a perfect segue for me to move on to what we are seeing in the market place and what challenges and opportunities it presents. The answer is obviously in real time but the ultimate answer will develop over the next several quarters. Events in the property and casualty industry over the past several weeks clearly have the potential to cause a significant market place dislocation which could in turn trigger a flight to quality. As John Finnegan already noted, we believe that Chubb is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that may come our way as long as they fit within the disciplined underwriting strategy that has characterized this company for many years. To date we would characterize the transition in the market as being orderly. Mid-term cancelations of policies have generally been limited to those instances in which the customer demands that the producer immediately find a replacement carrier. In the vast majority of cases however, producers are maintaining the existing carrier until policy renewal at which time they are providing the customer with alternatives. The actual booking of premium is also affected by the normal time lag between quotes and the awarding of business. This has had the impact of phasing in the new business opportunities but we have begun to see an increase in both submissions in quote and even in bound business in October especially in our sweet spots such as high network personal lines, professional liability and certain sectors of commercial lines. We’re wondering just as we suspect many of you are whether the last few weeks have finally provided a soft market with a reason to turn hard as some industry observers are now projecting. The fact is we don’t know at this point although there are certainly reasons to believe that prices should firm. These include industry-wide trends toward higher combined ratios, reduced levels of excess capital, higher cost of capital and lower investment returns. These trends would seem to argue for higher rates in the industry especially for companies with strong ratings who should benefit from what may be a flight to quality. However as we’ve said before and as we know now more clearly than a few weeks ago, this is not always a rational market. So we will continue to operate with the expense and underwriting discipline required by a soft market while remaining poised to take advantage of both new business opportunities and a hard market if they develop. In summary, I appreciate that you would all like more certainty in our projections of the fallout from the market place dislocations underway as we speak but it will take a while for this situation to clarify and all I can give you is what we’re seeing now.  Finally on the credit crisis claim front notwithstanding developments in the financial markets over the past few months not much has changed in our trends. While the number of claims has risen somewhat, many of the new claims are against the same insureds and the same limits that were previously implicated. However the widening nature of the crisis should remind us all that the overall front doors of potential liability are still emerging. As I said last quarter, the full scope of claims that may arise from it is not yet known. Although the ultimate cost to insurers is uncertain, we are following our customary approach of establishing prudent IBNR loss reserves for current and recent accident years taking into account all recent developments. With that I’ll turn it over to Mike O’Reilly.
Michael O’Reilly: In addition to positive underwriting in the third quarter property and casualty investment income after tax increased by 1%. Net income was lower than operating income as we had realized investment losses before tax of $113 million which equates to $0.20 per share after tax. The realized losses included $96 million of impairment charges. Of the impairments $53 million was in our equity portfolio and $43 million was in our fixed income portfolio. During the quarter we also had $539 million of unrealized investment losses. $109 million of that amount resulted from the decline in the equity markets and the balance from widening credit spreads. In light of the unprecedented financial market turmoil, we thought you would appreciate greater detail about our liquidity and investment portfolio as of September 30 than we normally provide. Total market value of the consolidated portfolios as of September 30 was $39.6 billion. Our fixed income portfolio has an average duration of approximately 4.7 years. The unrealized depreciation in the fixed income portfolio at the end of the third quarter was $485 million compared to unrealized appreciation of $397 million at year end 2007. 6% or $2.4 billion of the fixed income portfolio consists of highly liquid short-term marketable securities. 45% of our portfolio consists of tax exempt bonds with a market value of $18.1 billion and book value of $18.4 billion. They have an average credit rating of AA2 based on the underlying ratings of the individual securities. Importantly, this portfolio is structured to provide a significant source of liquidity for our insurance operations. We employ a laddered maturity strategy and generally have in excess of $1 billion of maturities in each year through 2017. In addition, the tax exempt bonds throw off over $900 million of coupon cash flow annually. 22% of our portfolio is invested in taxable fixed income securities consisting primarily of treasuries, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities. They had a market value of $8.6 billion and a book value of $8.9 billion. They have an average credit rating of AA3 with only $250 million of below investment grade issues. We don’t have any direct exposure to the subprime mortgage-backed securities market or derivative products such as CDOs or CLOs. 17% of the portfolio supports our international insurance business and is invested in fixed income securities outside the United States. The market and book value of these securities was $6.6 billion. These securities are high quality with foreign government bonds representing just over 60%. More than 85% of these securities are rated AAA and around 10% are AA. The balance of invested assets are in a well diversified portfolio of equity securities and alternative investments representing 4% and 6% respectively of our investment portfolio. Alternative investments consist primarily of private equity and distressed debt partnerships. Based on our approach we account for these holdings on a quarter lag and include their results in realized gains and losses; not in investment income. While we are still a couple of months away from receiving all our September valuations, we anticipate reporting a decline in the fourth quarter. Based on currently available information we expect the decline to be less than $100 million largely related to publicly traded equities. With respect to securities lending we have had a program in place for several years. In the third quarter we decided to end the program. At September 30 there were $150 million still on loan. That number has since declined to about $70 million. We expect to be completely out of securities lending by mid-December. Finally the holding company’s invested assets had a market value of $2.7 billion. This portfolio is liquid and high quality with a AA average credit rating and heavily weighted in short US government agency discount notes. In addition I would also note that none of our corporate debt matures prior to 2011 so we have no near-term need to access the capital markets to service our debt. As you can see we are in a very strong and liquid position. Moving on now, book value per share under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles at September 30, 2008 was $38.25 compared to $38.56 at year-end 2007 and $37.12 on September 30, 2007. Adjusted book value per share which we calculate with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized costs increased to $39.14 from $37.87 at 2007 year end and $36.93 on September 30 of last year. That’s a 6% increase compared to a year ago. Turning now to reserves. We estimate that favorable development on prior year reserves by SVU were as follows: In CPI we had about $15 million, in CCI about $60 million, CSI had about $125 million and reinsurance assumed had about $10 million bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $210 million for the quarter which improved the third quarter’s overall combined ratio by about 7 points. For comparison, in the third quarter of 2007 we had about $150 million or 5 points of favorable development for the company overall including about $15 million in CPI, $20 million in CCI, $85 million in CSI and $30 million in reinsurance assumed. During the third quarter our loss reserves increased by $125 million. Reserves in the insurance business increased by about $164 million during the quarter. The impact of currency fluctuation on loss reserves during the third quarter resulted in a decrease in reserves of $248 million. During the quarter the impact of catastrophes increased reserves by $268 million and reserves in our reinsurance assumed business, which is now in runoff, declined by $39 million. The expense ratio for the third quarter was 30.2 compared to last year’s 29.8.  Turning to capital management. During the third quarter of 2008 we repurchased 5.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of $284 million. Under the current authorization as of September 30 there were 3.4 million shares remaining for repurchase. Depending on market conditions our intention is to complete the repurchase of all these shares by the end of the year. Finally, this is my last earnings conference call because as you know I am retiring at the end of this year. Chubb is in excellent financial condition and I have confidence that my successor, Ricky Spiro, will help make it even better. Ricky is an outstanding individual with over 20 years of insurance and financial industry experience and I have had the pleasure of working with him for many of those years. He’s a terrific addition to our senior management team. It has been a pleasure and privilege to have worked with all of you, and I wish you and Chubb continued success. Now I’ll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan: As you just heard, Mike will be retiring at the end of this year after a distinguished 39-year career with Chubb. His achievements first as the Chief Investment Officer and most recently as CFO are evidenced by the excellent financial condition in which he leaves Chubb. We wish Mike well in his retirement and at the same time we are fortunate to have attracted Ricky Spiro to Chubb. Ricky joined Chubb at the beginning of this month and will succeed Mike as CFO after we file our third quarter 10Q. Let me now move to updated earnings guidance. Based on the high level of catastrophes experienced in the third quarter we are revising our 2008 calendar year operating income per share guidance to a range of $5.45 to $5.55 from the $5.70 to $6.10 range we provided in July. The revised guidance is based on actual operating income per share of $3.99 in the first nine months and a forecast range of $1.46 to $1.56 for the fourth quarter. The updated guidance assumes 2% points of catastrophe losses in the fourth quarter. This brings our catastrophe loss assumption for the year to 5.7 points versus the 4 point cat assumption in our July guidance. This higher cat assumption driven by the adverse effect of Hurricane Ike losses accounts for virtually all of the downward revision in our calendar year 2008 earnings guidance. I now want to conclude with a few remarks on our results in the outlook going forward. Briefly stated, I am extremely pleased with our performance in what has been a very tumultuous first nine months of 2008. On the underwriting side we have recorded a 90 combined ratio year-to-date despite an unusually high level of catastrophe losses. This is an excellent result in a challenging market environment and far better than the industry as a whole. On an ex cap basis we are running in the low to mid 80s which reflects continued strong contributions from all of our business units. Nonetheless this represents a deterioration of about 3 to 4 points from last year reflecting margin compression which is inevitable after three years of declining rates. In the absence of market firming this margin compression trend will continue into 2009 as the impact of lower 2008 rates are earned out over next year. On the investment side our portfolio held up very well in what was an awful capital market environment. From my perspective the headline of the quarter is that our capital position and credit quality remain extremely strong. The primary thought I would like to leave with you is that we expect the market to continue to be challenging but believe Chubb is well positioned to take appropriate advantage of whatever opportunities may be presented as a result of any market dislocations. With that I’ll open the line to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from David Lewis - Raymond James.
David Lewis - Raymond James: John, I know you pulled back in the D&O financial institutions going back a couple of years ago as you saw maybe some of the troubles coming. Given the improved pricing environment and the issues at AIG, is that some area that you plan to tread back into?
John D. Finnegan: As you know we enjoyed a pretty strong position in that market as does AIG and some other competitors as well. We’ve communicated to our customers, to our brokers that we want to be responsive to the needs as they may emerge in the market place. We’re not a company that’s going to change our underwriting appetite which is a core part of our value structure around here however. At the right price at the right placement on the right accounts we’re available to be of help and are optimistic that we’ll have those opportunities.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Can you give a general sense? Is quote activity picking up fairly significant in your professional liability area? Is it up 20% or can you give us any general sense?
John D. Finnegan: I can’t quantify it but we’ve seen a significant number of increased submissions and quotes in professional liability, in high network personal lines and in some sectors in commercial lines. There was an initial flurry of activity when the problems of some of our competitors first emerged. It’s dampened down a bit since then but what brokers are telling us is that there will be a lot of business available in the market place for folks to look at as renewals come up rather than mid-term cancelations and rewrites.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Do you think greater beneficiaries would be the Berkeley and Ace which took some of those underwriting teams over or do you think that business will still be somewhat liquid?
John D. Finnegan: I’m very proud of our capabilities in those areas and be glad to talk about them. I don’t really want to characterize on our competitors, especially new entrants to the market.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Can you give a sense of your expected favorable development in the fourth quarter under your guidance if any? 
John D. Finnegan: I think that what we said in the past it depends on our loss experience. Achieve in an updated 2008 operating income per share guidance or a fourth quarter range would require performance in the fourth quarter, probably require performance in the fourth quarter for professional liability similar to that which we experienced in the first nine months. This would likely continually require a significant amount of favorable development in the quarter based on an expectation of continuing favorable loss trends related to prior accident years. On the other hand no additional favorable development in other classes is necessary to attain the projected earnings. So in summary, our fourth quarter earnings guidance is achievable in a number of ways, does not comprehend any specific level of favorable development but probably does an efficient of some favorable development and professional liability.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Shanker - Citigroup.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: You mentioned that you’re seeing submission and perhaps some binding for the high net worth individual business. I’m wondering in terms of the competition for that business when you look at your competitors you might be gaining share from, is the pricing competitive or is it an altogether different product you’re offering compared to what they’re offering?
John D. Finnegan: We’re maintaining our pricing discipline there. I think high net worth buyers we’ve always believed and have recently had ratified are credit sensitive. They don’t want their art portfolios or their homes placed with a carrier about whom there’s any doubt not only to their ability to pay but who’s going to be there to adjust the claims and service the accounts going forward. So we’ve seen opportunities that are impressive and we are not cutting price to do it. We are making ourselves more available, turning submissions around on a quicker basis for our producers as the volumes of these things has been indicated to us will increase. But we’re not cutting prices.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: In terms of what you’re hearing feedback from the agents and whatnot, when the customer’s looking to move his business from a competitor are you finding that their price is dramatically lower than yours and yet the customer’s still saying, “We’re coming back to Chubb?”
John D. Finnegan: It varies. In some cases in a couple of accounts where we brought the account back, we lost it to one of our competitors at fairly significant price reductions on the part of the competitor. We brought it back not only at the price we had formerly quoted but with some increase. It’s hard to say on a uniform basis that the high net worth policies placed by a competitor are consistently underpriced. Where they are though, it hasn’t been an impediment to our ability to get the business back when we want it.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: The investment portfolio has held up outstandingly well compared with a lot of competitors. I’m wondering in light of what you’ve observed, have you been making any changes to the portfolio to even make it more tight and loss resistant in the last quarter or so?
John D. Finnegan: No, not really. We’ve always had a consistent investment strategy which has been pretty conservative. We’ve always considered ourselves to be an underwriting company. We expect that we’re taking a fair amount of risk on the liability side of the balance sheet particularly with some parts of our long-tail liability business so we’ve always really thought about our investment portfolio as an augment and a help to our basic business, not really as a stand-alone try-to-maximize total return at all times. We don’t see any reason to modify it right now. Would we maybe hold a little bit of extra liquidity? That could be the case and clearly we’re not in a situation here where we’re interested in catching a falling knife trying to pick the bottom in the securities market, but we think the underlying quality of our portfolio and the nature of the securities that we’ve picked will withstand a lot of difficulty. That being said, it’s certainly not immune to credit spread widening which we obviously have seen recently. But we think we’re in good shape and we don’t see any reason to modify it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: John, maybe you can dive in a little more on the directors and officers and errors and omissions exposure? The situation with the financial turmoil has only worsened so I’m just trying to understand how that won’t lead to potentially worse incurred losses on the D&O and E&O side.
John J. Degnan:  I wouldn’t rule out that it will lead to worsening of incurred losses. It would be normal to expect that. But to put it in the context of what we’re seeing on an industry-wide basis, there’s been an increase in securities class actions filings during 2008 driven principally by subprime and credit crisis allegations but primarily in financial institutions. For non-financial institutions actually the number of securities class action cases seems to be relatively flat or down through the year, and our own book reflects that. Those claims that I’ve categorized in the past as severe which generally arise out of either mergers and acquisitions or restatements have increased in the Chubb book by about 11%. That follows a 43% decrease in 2007 and an 18% decrease in ’06. But the overall specialty new arising claim counts have actually decreased 3% year-to-date. The way we’re dealing with it is by reserving this book of business on an IBNR basis at a very conservative target for accident year 2008 as the situation clarifies. At the moment we’re confident that the reserve position of the company particularly in light of that conservative number to which we target the business is the right place to be. We’re comfortable with it.
John D. Finnegan: Just to put it in some perspective, no one knows for sure what will come here and obviously it’s a concerning area. But sometimes your question suggests that we’re not on top of it. It’s a difficult thing to predict but put in some perspective our accident here in 2008 we’re running over 100 in professional liability. So it’s a significant increase from 2007 to account the credit crisis and we had some issues in credit crisis in 2007. So when you look at our premiums written, you look at 102 or so combined ratio and mid-70s to high 70s loss ratio, you’re talking about $2 billion or so of reserves this year of which most will be IBNR. It’s a substantial amount. Now that’s there to cover losses from the credit crisis, losses from other things so obviously it all depends upon how well the credit crisis goes, how well the securities actions goes but it’s a substantial number. No one knows in the end. It’s an evolving situation and it obviously hasn’t been evolving favorably recently but we are reserving pretty substantially for that class of business.
John J. Degnan: And Jay, for you I don’t think I need to go through again the underwriting measures that we’ve effected over the last years in terms of lower limits and attachment levels and getting out of the large money sensor regional bank space and restructuring our FI book. But just as a reminder, that’s going to play out as the losses emerge as well.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: The effective tax rate and operating income seemed a fair amount lower this quarter. What was driving that?
Michael O’Reilly: On investment income it was 20.4 and other than investment income we had such a low level of other income and there was a couple of non-admitted issues that the tax rate on the rest of the business was actually a little bit higher. So that’s how you basically get to where we’re at.
John D. Finnegan: It’s a mix question of earnings. Underwriting income is less than usual and investment income is higher than usual as a percentage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: In the homeowners’ business the premiums were negative this quelling pretty steadily over the last two years from 8% now down to -2%. It feels like you might see more opportunity but why the kind of noticeable slowdown and then the decline this quarter? I was a little surprised by that.
John J. Degnan: I think there are a few factors that when we looked at this we decided probably drive what you just described as a lower premium growth, actually a negative in homeowners. First is the inflation guard roll on that exists in the Chubb policy. For a long time in the housing market while the housing market was in decline, the cost of commodities was stable and the cost for labor. Remember we don’t insure the market value. We insure the replacement costs. So the inflation roll on is calculated as a function of labor and commodity prices. As they’ve gone down, it’s a formulaic calculation, the amount of inflation roll on has also gone down. That partly accounts for a lower growth than we would have seen. The second is clearly the dramatic decline in upper end housing starts has reduced growth in insured values and we’ve experienced some reduction in the amount of premium increase at renewal of existing insureds from changes in policy coverage as they affect devices that are designed to reduce their premiums. They may take increased deductibles, they may cut back on their coverage. So all of those factors have combined to impact the growth in homeowners. It’s something that does have the potential of effecting future premium growth. We’re hoping that the quote activity that has increased in September will offset that a bit.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: On buy-backs you’ve heard from a number of other companies that are given the environment, given potential opportunities and potential risks have slowed down their buy-back activity. Can you guys talk about your own capital management efforts going forward?
John D. Finnegan: I think we’re going to finish our 2008 buy-back program because the amount of shares under the authority left is [inaudible]. We have 3.5 million or something left at quarter end. We have less than that now and it’s not going to have any impact on our capital. The good news is we have a terrific excess capital position. As usual at year end the Board will make an assessment on our capital management strategy based upon our outlook for 2009 with respect to ratings, premium growth and capital market environment. Again, we’re in a substantial excess capital position which at this point could easily accommodate next year’s premium growth including any new business opportunities. On the other hand, the capital markets are extremely volatile as you know so we’ll also need to determine the merits and size of any 2009 buy-back program at that time given the current and prospective capital market environment. We’ll come to that and be better informed as we get towards year end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners L.P.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O’Neill & Partners L.P.:   You talked about the environment pricing and submission. We’ve also heard conversations about teams moving. Do you have an appetite for looking for new people and have you had a lot of phone calls from people looking, not just from AIG but from other places as well in this sort of crazy market?
John D. Finnegan: As you could expect in this market place, there is an increased flow of submissions to Chubb from people outside the company looking to come here. We have a special unit in HR that’s set up and designed to deal with the flow of it. We want to be opportunistic but not predatory. If there are people out there in areas where we have a need, we’re going to be aggressive in making them offers. But beyond that I don’t think I want to comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Al Cooperstino - Manoff Investments].
[Al Cooperstino - Manoff Investments]: I heard your comments about the possibility as you were saying for price hardening and the reasons behind that. I’m curious if you would care to comment on what some other companies are saying which is that some believe it’ll be a reinsurance led hardening if there in fact is a hardening? Would you care to comment on that, the reinsurance side versus the primary side?
John D. Finnegan: I’m not an expert on reinsurance and certainly don’t have any particular insight on how they’re going to think about it, but clearly some of them have been impacted by Hurricane Ike so some of their excess capital has been alleviated. I think they’re also viewing the opportunity to be helpful in some of the market turmoil that’s arising here as to whether or not helping primary companies put out greater capacity or bigger limits or something like that. So I would think that reinsurers are viewing the opportunity here. It’s somewhat on a positive viewpoint and they’re clearly smart people. They’re not going to go and give away their balance sheet any more than the primary companies are at incorrect pricing.  I could see the pricing hardening but I don’t think I can see the overall thing being driven by reinsurance capacity. That’s more of a function of the smaller regional companies that don’t have enough capital per se and they need a lot of reinsurance help. I think for the bigger companies like us, we’re going to determine our own pricing and if we need some reinsurance help, we’ll obviously do what we usually do and that is go to strong reinsurers to help us.
John J. Degnan: I might just add to that that the factors I cited in the opening remarks about higher combined ratios, reduced levels of excess capital, higher cost of capital, lower investment returns; that doesn’t sound to me like just a reinsurance issue. If the market is rational, there are companies on the primary side that need to do something.
[Al Cooperstino - Manoff Investments]: You all have done a very good job giving us something of a tutorial in quarters past on positive changes in federal case law as related to securities and things like that. My question was, what about the state laws, the blue sky laws and things like that? Do they tend to follow the federal case law and so has there been an improvement on that front as well? Is the state law in fact even something we need to be concerned about or not really?
John J. Degnan: On an academic basis I guess you could have a concern about it. In what drives our loss costs and professional liability, it’s extremely rare to see a case based on the blue sky laws. It was the expectation when the PLSRA was passed in the late 90s that there would be fewer securities class actions based on federal law and maybe some more based on state because the securities class action bar would have been foreclosed from the federal courthouse. In fact the law didn’t work that way. They’re still in the federal courthouses; they’re still arguing SEC litigation based on the Securities Exchange Act. While they do generally follow the federal law, it’s not something we to be honest with you pay a hell of a lot of attention to because the federal law preempts state law and that’s what’s driving our loss costs. Interesting question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Could you give us a sense of how much of your tax exempt portfolio is classified as held to maturity?
Michael O’Reilly: Virtually none of it.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: In terms of pricing, there’s been a big difference between primary pricing for new issuance on GO for example. There’s been a big difference between new issuance and secondary pricing. What kind of benchmarks are you using when you’re thinking about fair value for those securities?
John D. Finnegan: That’s a tough question to answer. There’s always a difference between new issue pricing and secondary market pricing. That new issue depending upon the stress in the market tends to open or close. We’re basically thinking about the normal market environment when we think about how to mark securities; not new issue pricing.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: On the high net worth personal lines business, do you have any constraints from a PML standpoint in terms of the growth you could handle?
John D. Finnegan: If you look at it on the basis of the regions which is how we look at it and you go around the country, we break it down into a lot of different areas. We’ve got the West Coast, Texas, Gulf Coast, Florida, Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and we look at Texas to Maine, so it’s a complicated way of breaking it down. Our PML though at the top is really driven by the Northeast. If you noticed on past calls when we’ve talked about our cat program, we’ve got some extra reinsurance help up in the Northeast on the very top of our program which is where the greatest majority of our exposure is. From a pure PML standpoint we could handle a lot more business everywhere else in the country other than the Northeast that’s exposed to wind without really changing our overall PML environment. That’s probably just one way to think about it. The other way you’ve got to understand is that in Florida for example there’s lots of things going on in Florida that are driving other than PML and it has to do with a shaky financial situation of the Florida wind pool and things like that. It’s a hard question to answer specifically without knowing exactly what you’re looking for. But we clearly have opportunity on a PML basis to grow our business without doing anything else.
John J. Degnan: And we’re necessary reinsured.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Anything happening with the surety combined ratio this quarter other than maybe less favorable development or anything like that?
John D. Finnegan: Surety ran at a pretty good combined ratio in the 60s. Last year we had a terrific year and the quarter last year was an astonishing 30 to 35 which meant no losses.
John J. Degnan: There was some reassessment of the loss that we posted in the second quarter that impacted the third quarter’s results but we’re pretty pleased with where it’s going.
John D. Finnegan: Surety’s a business that you can’t reserve in advance for sureties so when you have a loss you simply record it. It tends to be a lumpy business but in general we think of our surety book which is a lot more profitable than most as sort of being in a mid-60s combined ratio kind of business over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: On the D&O, if AIG gets to the point where they really have a hard time writing the lead layer, the primary layer, what is your appetite specifically there to increase your market share? Because on the surface it would seem you could go from whatever it is, the 25% to 30% you are today to 50% but I would assume that would be more than you would want just from a diversification standpoint concentration of exposure in one line. So can you give me a sense of how you would think about that? Is your thinking you want to expand through new clients, increasing line size with existing clients? What’s the ideal way for you to grow the D&O book especially to lead by your book?
John J. Degnan: We’ll all of the above I guess in a modest appetite. For example, you could come into the primary layer at a lower limits level and then play at additional higher layers in the program if you wanted to contain your exposure to the primary side. We might be willing to do that in an account that we’re comfortable with at the right price. There are other opportunities to play both in the traditional program and in the Side A coverage that increasingly D&O large accounts are buying. We do have some increased capacity to do that because of the different dynamics that come to play in a Side A only coverage. If it’s an account that we’ve known for a long time and are comfortable with, and again if the pricing is right, we do believe we’ll have an opportunity to provide a solution to a void that might be created by other players in the market place who would no longer be desirable from the account’s point of view or who priced to a primary play that’s in the interest of the insured.  We’re going to be opportunistic in the market place but again we’re not going to change our fundamental underwriting strategy in the company, which is that we’re going to produce every year in every line of business an underwriting profit. We want to take advantage of opportunities but not at the risk of creating longer-term problems.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: If I recall, you stopped maybe a couple years ago buying reinsurance for the D&O book. Might it make sense to increase line size to win some of these accounts and then buy reinsurance to bring the net line down?
John D. Finnegan: We’ve always taken the posture, at least we have in the last several years, that reinsurance is a function of price and availability so if the reinsurance economically makes sense and it is better than keeping it on your own balance sheet from a capital standpoint it’s more efficient, we’ll use some more reinsurance. A couple years ago when we cut it way back, we really felt that the reinsurance was too expensive from an economic standpoint; we really didn’t need it. We also had a strategy at that point that we were going toward lower limits and less exposure to the lower layers particularly for the big financial institutions. The use of reinsurance is really a function of what your underwriting strategy is going to be and how you want to support that. That’s either a function then of using your own balance sheet or getting some reinsurance help. But unlike a lot of companies, we don’t really try to take a bad risk and turn it into something good with reinsurance. We want to take on good risks at the right price and we’ll use reinsurance help if we need it. I guess just one more thing which is probably more than you needed to know, but recently for our financial institutions book we have purchased some reinsurance specifically for the Bermuda market place where we can offer a little bit more capacity and it will supplement what we’ve already one in the United States. So this is really in the excess market and we think that’s going to be a help to us. That was in place before the recent crisis. We think it’s going to help us now.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: To be honest I’m not suggesting you should like you said write bad risks to [inaudible] reinsurance book. I was just thinking if there were times where your client might demand more capacity than you want and do it as a combination.  Anyway, my final question is just a broader question on the potential for a market turn. I think someone else alluded to this in their question. The early feedback we’re hearing from the brokers community and from broker community and from risk managers is that AIG is aggressively trying to defend their books of business across many lines and when we do hear about business moving, it’s moving at existing prices, not at higher prices. Everything guys you said and others have said about pricing needing to go up makes 100% sense to me and I agree with it. I guess my concern is I don’t want to have the next conference call and hear at 1/1 everyone sort of lost their resolve because AIG or someone else didn’t play along and we took it as expiring because that was the best we could get. Can you help me feel better that we’re not going to hear that three months from now?
John D. Finnegan: Let me say one thing and then John Degnan can talk to it. What our comments on rates today were suggest there are good reasons for market hardening. There are always good reasons for the insurance company nine out of 10 years for market hardening. Unfortunately it only happens two out of 10. We’re not projecting that it’s going to happen. We’re not forecasting that and we’re not running our business that way. We’re operating with the same underwriting and expense discipline that we need in the soft market to put us in a place to take advantage of the hard market when it comes. We are not forecasting that. It hasn’t happened yet. We’ve seen slight, slight improvement in pricing this last quarter but nothing to get excited about. I just want to make clear, to that point we are not forecasting it. There are a lot of good reasons. The industry’s supposed to run at 103 this year and probably not getting better next year. That’s good reason enough one would think. But having said that, it’s far from certain.  Let me ask John to talk about the AIG situation.
John J. Degnan: Let me give you a little perspective. We’ve seen the same articles and comments about pricing conduct in the market place. Clearly we’ve seen some erratic and inconsistent behavior on the part of a couple of our competitors. It is not consistent, I would stress that, but where pricing has gotten aggressive it generally relates to the carrier’s own renewal book. It’s clearly an attempt on their part to protect their own book rather than to grow the business. It doesn’t by and large, at least on our experience to date, flow over to our renewals given what we consider to be an enhanced competitive position based on a flight to quality environment. And in the context of the weakened financial strength ratings of certain of our competitors. They’re not in a position to take new business when it comes or certainly not in a position to take business from us. So we don’t feel any increased pressure to reduce rates in our own business and as I’ve said a couple times we’re not going to relax our pricing requirements and underwriting discipline in new business that we do want.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: To be honest, I think your comment there that certainly your competitors don’t’ have the capacity to participate is frankly the reason it would seem to me at least that this should be one of those two out of 10 years combined with the amount of shopping that’s going to go on just because so much business isn’t going to renew with the incumbent possibly would seem to be an opportunity where you could be more of a price setter - not that you’re ever a price taker if you will - but more ability to influence the market rather than have to follow the market. Is that fair?
John J. Degnan: As [Ed Kot] used to say, “From your lips to God’s ears.”
Operator: Our next question comes from [Michael Vasilio - John Hancock].
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: I was wondering if you could give me a little information. That $539 million of unrealized losses, that’s a net figure right? Is that also the gross figure so you’d have no gains?
John D. Finnegan: No. That was spread widening and market decline. This is in the unrealized category.
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: What is your total gross unrealized losses on your investment?
John D. Finnegan: Gross unrealized losses?
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: Right. For the current quarter.
John D. Finnegan: I’m not sure I’ve got that number. Obviously we’ve had spread widening in general going on in the fixed income markets in everything but treasuries. Everything that you own in a fixed income portfolio other than a treasury had spread widening so it went down in value, and some of those were at a gain before the quarter started and some of them would have been at a slight loss. Overall at the end of June we were in a gain position. I should say, at the end of the year we were in a gain position. Obviously the same thing has gone on with equity. In equities it’s a little bit different. Some of your equities have gone up in value; some of them have gone down in value. Obviously in a bear market more will go down in value than anything else. But the net position was $485 million in unrealized losses at the end of the quarter.
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: Do you have any information about maybe the percentage figure of those unrealized losses that are trading below 80% of their original value or like any kind of a percentage value?
John D. Finnegan: First of all, you’ve got to realize that we took a lot of impaired securities in the quarter which I mentioned in the script. Those would be under the category that they were impaired and they had been selling at a significant discount to book value for a period of time, or there was something going on fundamentally in that security that we thought made it impaired. If you think about the rest of the spread widening, we have a $35 billion fixed income portfolio so if you had less than $0.5 billion of unrealized losses that’ll give you some idea on a percentage basis that very few of them would have been selling at those kinds of discounts to cost.
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: Do you have any kind of a target or an idea of what you RBC ratio might be at this point?
Michael O’Reilly: No, not off hand.
[Michael Vasilio - John Hancock]: No color on that?
Michael O’Reilly: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from [David Small] - J.P. Morgan.
[David Small] - J.P. Morgan: Could you just let us know which accident years the favorable development came from?
John J. Degnan: Professional liability was 2005 and prior, which would be the CSI amount. In PTI or CTI, they’re basically shorter tail lines so it’s probably ’07 and ’06.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Three questions, the first one John, is there anything on the legal environment that has happened that is of concern in terms of update or has it been the same? The second question relates to the surety business. In a weakening economic environment that we’re likely to face next year, are you doing anything different in managing that business or is that of concern to you? And the last question John, on the trends of the duration of combined ratios ex caps, I just want to confirm, did you mention I just wanted to confirm did you mention three to four and you expected this to continue in ’09?
John D. Finnegan : The accident year number reported number is deteriorating by about five points. Reported has deteriorated about three to four points and that was in line with our initial guidance. The accident year is a little bit higher because we had the big one-time surety loss and we’ve had a little bit higher than expected non-cap large losses in both commercial and homeowners’ this year.  As far as 2009, we haven’t come up with guidance. What I will say is that it would seem to me that just looking at the price decline this year, those have to earn out over next year. In the absence of a rate change they’re going to be continued margin compression in this business, it’s certainly not going to turn around. Now if there was an usually high level of caps this year, that might be different but the margin compression will continue unless there’s a change in the rate environment.
John J. Degnan : To answer your other two question, on the legal environment one case I didn’t point out that I’d love to talk to at length but won’t is the Ohio Supreme Court last week reversed the Appellate Intermediary Court and affirmed the tort reform in asbestos and Ohio was a problem jurisdiction until then. This is good news.  On the securities front, I’m not willing to call it a trend yet but I’ve been surprised by the number of decisions, particularly in the 9th Circuit on in California, dismissing some of the credit crisis securities class action cases that have been brought. There are five or six including one just last week that dismissed these complaints based on what I predict in a few quarters ago was the increased fleeting standard around knowledge.  That opinion in the Supreme court preliminarily at an early stage to be having a positive impact early on in these cases which is where the people who are litigating them and the insurance companies that are defending them would like to see them be concluded before we spend $10s of millions of dollars on defense. So, I’m going to watch that closely, if I see something emerging by way of a trend then John Finnegan will give me time on the agenda here I’ll get it to you. On surety, as Mike said we have a lot of confidence in our surety book and in this line of business. Over the last 17 years it’s operated pretty much at that 65% combined ratio that Mike has targeted with only two or three exceptions. Capacity will be an issue in surety going forward, credit sensitivity is very high in the surety book of business. So between reduced ratings and perhaps lower capacity the stronger players are going to have better leverage.  That said, given what’s going on in the commercial contract marketplace, you wouldn’t expect to see a huge growth in business. What I think we’re going to do is along with a couple of other established respected carriers in this that are similar to us and with whom we often co-surety is we’re going to be able to pick our accounts carefully and look very closely at what bids we’re going to back up for them on a surety basis.  I’m optimistic about how we’re going to perform but you wouldn’t expect in this economic environment a huge growth in new construction other than public infrastructure work which could if the democrats come in to power next year as some of us would hope, be a major effort. I guess one of us would hope.
Operator:  Our next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst] - Credit Suisse.
[Unidentified Analyst] - Credit Suisse: My perception of the greatest opportunity for you is in the high net worth segment where the clients are less price sensitive. Could you give us a sense for how the quarter’s going for the other segments and what sort of percentage of business you’re winning within the commercial lines?
John J. Degnan : We clearly can’t do that for this quarter. First of all, as I mentioned earlier, there’s a lag time between submission and quote and there’s a lag time between quote and binding it and there’s a further lag time between binding and actually booking the premium. Frankly, we couldn’t give it to you if we wanted to and we don’t generally give indications of how the quarter is going. Tune in again at the end of the year and I’ll be glad to summarize it for you, but I’m sorry.
[Unidentified Analyst] - Credit Suisse: Would it be fair to assume that the client’s are less sensitive on the high net worth side as on the commercial side?
John J. Degnan : I think I’ve said earlier that we’re actually finding that behavior in the marketplace. We’ve been surprised by the number of accounts who on a credit sensitivity basis have urged their brokers and agents to look for alternative coverage for them. Now, we’ll see whether that continues to play out or not and we’re not making any predictions but we’re certainly seeing behavior in the marketplace that ratifies our operating assumption which is one of the reasons we’re in this business, that high net worth insureds on a personal lines basis care deeply about their property and making sure it’s protected.
[Unidentified Analyst] - Credit Suisse: Then in the case of AIG have you seen clients who were soft to move but when they brought a high quote from the other players decided to stay with AIG?
John D. Finnegan : Sure. In all business segments that happens today. That happens quite often.
Operator:  We’ll take our last question from [Connie Hubover] – Boston Company. 
[Connie Hubover] – Boston Company: Just one follow up, you mentioned something in your opening comments about pricing declines improving in commercial and professional lines. Can you just describe what’s driving that and how the competitive environment looks in those lines?
John D. Finnegan : I think that we don’t want to overstate it, what we’ve seen in professional liability is it is still a decline in prices. Ian and are aren’t declaring victory on this one yet. We’ve seen a 2% point decline in this quarter, it was three last quarter. That’s probably insignificant but it is a lower decline than we had in any of the quarters in the last two years where a few of them were a little bit higher.  To some extent it’s being driven by the BFI book that’s getting price increases as a result of the credit crisis. But, we’ve also seen a little bit of improvement in other lines. But again, it’s still in decline. Commercial, a point better, a little bit better than a few quarters. Again, the good news is it looks to have plateau and maybe it’s even improving a little. But, the bottom line is that it’s still negative and we’re operating with the assumption that it’s going to be a tough environment going forward. But, we’re hoping.
Operator:  Mr. Finnegan that’s all the questions we have at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to you sir.
John D. Finnegan : Thank you very much for joining us. Have a good evening.
Operator:  That concludes today’s conference. We thank you for your participation and hope that you have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Helen Wilson - Director of Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer Brian E. Dowd, CPCU - Chief Executive Officer, Insurance - North America John Keogh - Chief Executive Officer, ACE Overseas General
Analysts: Susan Spivak - Wachovia Matthew Heiman - JP Morgan Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF Brian Meredith - UBS Paul Newman - Sandler O’Neill and Partners Josh Shanker - Citi
Operator: Good day and welcome to the ACE Limited Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. Your questions will be addressed after today’s presentation. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Helen Wilson, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Helen Wilson – Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Welcome to the ACE Limited June 30, 2008, second quarter earnings conference call. Our report today will contain forward-looking statements these include statements relating to our financial outlook and guidance, business strategy and practices, growth prospects, investments and use of capital, integration and performance of recent acquisitions, our redomestication to Switzerland and its effects, our stock price, general economic conditions, pricing and market conditions, and exposures, losses and reserves, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings, as well as our earnings press release, and financial supplement, which are available on our website for more information on factors that could affect these matters. This call is being webcast live and will be available for replay for one month. All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I’d like to introduce our speakers. First we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we’ll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. Now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning. As you can see from the numbers, we had an excellent second quarter, all divisions of the company performed well and this was the first quarter we consolidated the results of combined insurance, which contributed to our growth both revenue and earnings. I might add Combined is on track in terms of EPS accretion and expense and revenue initiatives. After tax operating income for the quarter was $738 million up 11% over prior year, our net income was up 15% and ROE was almost 18%. Underwriting benefited from good current accident year results and relatively right level of CAT losses, including the modest amount associated with the impact of the flood losses on crop insurance portfolio. On that subject as of today the ultimate impact from the floods on our crop portfolio maybe less than we initially thought. Additionally, favorable growing conditions share volume of acreage planted nationwide, commodity prices and the volume of replanting should all contribute favorably to our ultimate calendar year crop results, at least as things stand today. Our, second quarter results also benefited from positive prior period development, about two-thirds of the release was related to property and other short-tail lines with the balance coming from casualty. The, modest casualty related release resulted from annual actuarial reviews we conducted of certain portfolios during the quarter. We review each of our portfolios in depth once a year and these studies are conducted throughout the year. Investment income was up 13% in the quarter and invested assets have increased 5% during the first six months to more than $44 billion. Operating cash flow was quite strong for the quarter at just over $1 billion. In the quarter, we completed the redomestication of our holding company from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland. Our shareholders recognized the strategic wisdom of this move and with an overwhelming level of support over 95% voted in favor of all move related proposals. A consequence of the redomestication was ACE’s removal from the S&P 500 stock index, an event we and our shareholders understood could occur. This is currently having a rotation related impact on our share price that we believe is transient. At the end of the day, it is performance that dictates share price. I know some of you are interested in the subject of share buybacks. We currently have no plans to support what we consider a transient impact to our share price with buybacks. Our operating performance will ultimately take care of that. We have better uses for our capital in support of our business. Market conditions remain about the same as in the first quarter with prices continuing to decline at approximately the same rate around 10% in the US in aggregate and mid upper single digits overseas. Market conditions are soft and this is true of all territories around the world but pricing conditions vary by line and country. During the quarter, our net premiums increased 17%, and as I said earlier this is the first quarter we consolidate to combine and made a significant contribution to our growth excluding Combined, our growth was about 4% not bad given market conditions and represents a reasonable balance between the market and underwriting. Our global A&H business excluding Combined experienced reasonable growth up 18% with the fastest growth in Latin America and Asia, 34% and 13% respectively. And our Global P&C business excluding A&H was up 1%, North America was up 1%, ACE Overseas General was up 9% and Global Re was down 19%. While P&C growth is obviously under pressure due to underwriting conditions in many lines, this was offset to some degree again by growth in our international P&C business specifically in Continental Europe, Latin America and Asia and we also benefited from favorable foreign exchange. A number of our specialty businesses in the US where we judged the pricing to be reasonable experienced growth such as E&O, environmental, international coverages for small US companies doing business overseas, our crop business and our political risk business in North America and London. This offsets declines in other areas where competitive pressure simply caused us walk away. On that front our Lloyd based wholesale business shrank even marine, property and aviation market conditions. Our US wholesale casualty business, retail -- US retail workers comp, our US Commercial D&O and medical professional business. And on the reinsurance side our casualty and risk property business all shrank to name a few. Our property cat related insurance CAT related insurance and reinsurance business particularly for US exposed risks performed to expectations in the quarter. US CAT related pricing particularly for wind exposure has remained reasonably disciplined. I believe the soft market conditions will continue for the foreseeable future and the financial crisis and its effects will be with us for sometime. Add to that a slowing economy and the Specter of inflation and there is a great deal of uncertainty. Nonetheless, I remain quite confident and our company’s ability to continue to produce superior results, we are well positioned for the future. With that I’ll turn the call over to Phil, and then we will come back and take your questions.
Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Evan and good morning. The financial markets continue to be volatile in the second quarter, in spite of this our book value per share grew modestly during the quarter and our cash and invested assets increased almost $700 million to $44.4 billion. Cash flow was very strong at $1.1 billion. Globally, interest rates rose significantly during the period, resulting in a level of fixed income, price declines not seen in the market since 1994. As a result our net realized and unrealized losses were about $570 million before tax. This included $740 million from our investment portfolio partially offset by $170 million of gains from derivatives relating to the GMIB liabilities of our Life Reinsurance business, and from our share of gains from partially-owned insurance companies, principally AGO. Substantially all of the loss in the portfolio is a result of market pricing changes. Actual credit related impairments were approximately $28 million. As we’ve mentioned previously, we do not invest in CDOs or CLOs and our subprime exposure remains minimal. The credit quality of our portfolio remains high at AA, with a duration of 3.7 years. As we highlighted in our financial supplement the ratings of our mortgage portfolio remain predominantly AAA. In addition the characteristics have not changed dramatically from our previous disclosure and we don’t expect any material losses. 73% of our residential mortgage is held in Federal agencies securities. While the recent legislation doesn’t mandate an explicit guarantee of Freddie and Fannie, we believe the mortgages in senior debt are secure and the ratings will be sustained. Our P&C loss reserves increased $644 million during the quarter excluding Combined they increased $293 million. During the quarter we completed the financing for the combined acquisition using $450 million of five-year bank debt, bringing the average rate on our borrowing for the acquisition to 4.8%. $700 million of the $1 billion of repurchase agreements we issued prior to the closing remain outstanding at June 30th, these mature in September. We also redeemed $575 million of the 7.8% perpetual preferred shares we issued in 2003. We partially refinance those through the issuance of $450 million of senior debt with an interest rate of 5.6%. Our current debt to total capitalization ratio is 19.6%. We expect this to fall to about 17% by the end of the year. Catastrophe losses total $58 million for the quarter comprising a number of losses from around the world including US crop losses of about $15 million. Prior period positive development was approximately a $100 million for the quarter of this approximately $70 related to short-tail and $30 million to our casualty portfolios primarily from 2004 and prior years. Our current P&C accident year loss ratio excluding CAT losses was almost flat compared with last year’s quarter. However, if we normalize the ratio for the change in mix of our business the ratio is up 2.5 points. For example, A&H and International P&C are now a greater percentage of our business. Our expense ratio grew by 3.1 percentage points compared to last year’s second quarter, approximately one point of this increase relates to the addition of Combined and about one point relates to a shift in mix of our business to ACE Overseas General P&C and A&H, both of which have higher expense ratios. We have no update to the guidance that we gave on last quarter’s call. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to Helen.
Helen Wilson – Director of Investor Relations:  Thank you, Phil. At this point we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Our first question will come from Susan Spivak with Wachovia.
Susan Spivak:  Oh, gosh. Good morning, Evan and Phil. Just a couple of questions. Number one, I wanted to follow up on the inflation issue. Evan, it is something that you have been talking about potentially happening for couple of years. I think the industry in general has benefited from such low inflation. When do you think it will really start to hit rock costs? That is the first question. And then unrelated, I am just curious about, you know, what are your view about increasing your reinsurance business potentially through acquisitions, now as you know, lots of companies out there trading below book value that have only been riding in the hard market and it would seem as if an area that you would round out your portfolio or is that something given the opportunity you would just look to grow organically?
Evan Greenberg: Good morning, Susan. Inflation, I don’t know -- they have been talking about it a couple of years but certainly for the last few quarters, I have commented upon it. Look in the short-tail lines, we do think, in particular, in the foreseeable future, lost costs will increase and we’re beginning to see some signs of it. It shows up in both the cost of repair or replacement and in the time element coverages. Commodity prices being where they are it does have an impact whether it is property or the technical related risk such as energy or even on the marine portfolio where tonnage is in great demand. Shipyards are in great demand and the cost of repair and the materials for repair are going up and we are beginning to see it in individual claims, and you always see it -- you got to be leading edge about this. You always see it in individual claims before it starts to show up in your portfolio analysis in a broader way. So, I would make comment. We don’t see it at this time in casualty related. And, we’ve been as you know, conservative I might add before I get the question, we’ve been pretty conservative in our trend factors that we have used. Yes, the last number of years have been benign from a loss cost inflation perspective. We didn’t really reflect that because we believe it’s fairly transient. So, on the other side of the coin we really don’t have to be doing much adjustment to our factors right now and going forward. On the acquisition, I really don’t want to comment much about that hardly, we look at most everything that might be available. We do have a clear strategy of where we want to take the company, so we are not -- an acquisition has to fit that strategy. And on the reinsurance business in particular, well, we have pretty good operation that is quite capable, has the capability under market conditions to expand rapidly in an organic fashion and I am not sure what a reinsurance related acquisition necessarily does for ACE. No, I will never say never.
Susan Spivak: Okay, thank you very much, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Heiman with JP Morgan.
Matthew Heiman: Hi, good morning everyone.
Evan Greenberg: I think it is Matt Heiman.
Matthew Heiman:  But I will answer to that.
Evan Greenberg: Herman or anything else.
Matthew Heiman: Just a quick question. One of the initial steps with Combined was going to be reorganizing the field and streamlining some of the processes. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on that and whether there is any -- if you are substantially through that if there are any early indications of how that’s proceeding?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, I did say that and we are on track for that, but what I also said that I will remind you, you know, Combined is more akin to life insurance, though it is an accident product and it has a very particular way of doing things. An old, proud, well-established franchise, and change has to -- and it is an agency-related organization for distribution, which says that it’s quite emotional in its belief in what it does and how it does it. And you have to be very mindful of that and it takes a great deal of sensitivity and skill to make substantial changes in an organization like that. And so, I was very clear from the beginning is that our -- the accretion of Combined would come in the immediate future from expense related and revenue related accretion particularly the reorganization of the sales organization, the modernization of it in the developed markets like the US and the UK that will come over time. And so, you’re not going to see those results for a while though I can’t tell you it is on track, it is proceeding the tests that we have done of a new model are working and they were doing these before ACE showed up on the scene are proceeding well. And, in fact, we are going to rollout the changes we are making more quickly then originally thought on the Combined operation itself and the field force is kind of screaming for it. So, it is on track, it is working though it will be sometime I think, before we will see it show up in any meaningful in the result.
Matthew Heiman: Okay, fair enough. And then, just Phil or Evan on the -- with respect to the reserve development can you just give us a sense of what percentage of the reserves were looked at this quarter and kind of visit, is that indicative of what while assuming it’s a quarter, is that indicative of what you would look at the rest of the quarter. Just curious of whether how that process flows in terms of the size of the reserves and thing like that?
Evan Greenberg: You know, I don’t have a percentage in my head, I don’t think -- look at my colleagues. None of us really do. But what I can tell you is I can’t say its exactly one quarter but we look at a meaningful amount of our reserves each quarter.
Matthew Heiman: Okay.
Evan Greenberg: And because you got to get through the year and it is a work plan, so we kind of spread the work fairly evenly through the year.
Phil Bancroft: Certainly we wouldn’t project that based on the percentage that we would have any development in relation to the amount of the studies; these are just studies that are done.
Matthew Heiman: Absolutely. I was just particularly with the casualty; I was just curios what that base was though.
Evan Greenberg: No, it’s throughout the year. So, we do substantial number of reserve reviews each quarter.
Matthew Heiman: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: With Lehman Brothers, we will hear from Jay Gelb.
Jay Gelb:  Good morning. I had couple of numbers question. First, I don’t know if you have available the gross net premium for crop for the first half of this year versus a year ago?
Evan Greenberg: Jay, I can get that you. We will take it offline, alright.
Jay Gelb: Okay, thank you. And then, on page 15 of the supplement it looks like the average market yield of fixed maturities went up on a link quarter basis from 5.1 to 5.6, could you talk a little bit about that was that driven by Combined Insurance or the re-domestication?
Evan Greenberg: Clearly, its two things that drive it. One, we have less short-term investments because we use a lot of that to pay for the combined acquisition and the second part was as you suggested was just the addition of the combined portfolio. We didn’t any meaningful strategic change in the mix of our investments during the quarter.
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then, finally, on the effective tax rate what’s the right level we should be thinking about going forward?
Evan Greenberg: You know, we haven’t given guidance on tax rates. But, as you will see if you look over history, we have been ranging from 18%, 19% to 20%, even 21% right. So, it’s a function of where the income falls and its in that range.
Phil Bancroft: Its 20% as you will note for six months. Last year was the same 20%. Its in that range up or down a little bit.
Jay Gelb:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to (inaudible) with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. First a simple numbers question, if you could give me the income on other investments, I think, last quarter it was negative $6 million?
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I am sorry what was the question?
Unidentified Analyst: If you could give us the number for this quarter please?
Evan Greenberg: Other income to $125 million and as I mentioned in my commentary a large part of that is our gain from our investment, our share of the earnings from AGO.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure, right, fair enough. Second question is for Evan, what is progress being made on this further expansion of Combined Accident and Health business outside the US?
Evan Greenberg: Its proceeding, it’s on track. We are expanding right now in Latin American, beginning to expand in Latin America, we are beginning to expand in Asia; we are improving and working with them on markets that they have already expanded into. And as I said, as I have said repeatedly these efforts while they are underway you won’t see meaningful results for two or three or four years because this business is written $80 bucks a policy at a time. And you got to build the agency force and you got to get them productive and so its on track.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. And finally, what is the persistency of the business you’re seeing in the US, Evan. Has this become less because of the soft economy or has it held pretty steady? Thanks.
Evan Greenberg: You’re referring to the Combined when you ask persistency?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Evan Greenberg: Or P&C business?
Unidentified Analyst: I am referring to the Combined business.
Evan Greenberg: The persistency of business is quite steady, we don’t see a decline in the persistency as a result of economic conditions. I might add, we do see a little softness not material but there is a little softness in the growth in new business at the moment because of gas prices. But, what we are doing in the model change is and some of what we are doing in incentives, switching incentives to gas cards and that sort of things for agents helps to ameliorate that.
Unidentified Analyst: That is wonderful. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator:  We will hear next from Josh Smith with TIAA-CREF.
Evan Greenberg: Good morning.
Josh Smith: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just quickly on AGO, using the equity method how are you going to account for the 50% drop or 40% drop in the stock price post 2Q that is going to come on the balance sheet as opposed to running for the income statement?
Evan Greenberg:  It doesn’t come on the balance sheet, what we will look at is whether we think if there is some kind of a permanent impairment in the value that we carry AGO at. And at this point we don’t see that. We think the underlying fundamentals of the company are such that we would expect to recover our investment and so temporary drop in the stock price won’t have any impact on our financial statements.
Josh Smith:  Right, okay, good. And second question is lots of the brokers are talking about softer market getting more commissions from client, have seen your expense ratio tick up and you did explain most of it by Combined and shifting to A&H. Are you seeing brokers asking for higher commissions?
Evan Greenberg:  My whole career I have seen brokers ask for higher commission.
Josh Smith:  Are they getting?
Evan Greenberg:  A soft market or hard market I am trying to be overly humorous there, but that’s the nature of the critter. And yeah, there is -- in any soft market as prices decline, where brokers revenue is tied and the commission percentage directly to premium and they see their revenue decline and there’s always pressure to increase commissions, but we haven’t seen a meaningful change in our commission ratio and any within most lines of business. There are some lines in the middle market in particular where we like the pricing and where there’s a little more commission pressure, but through the most part, I would say it’s pretty well behaved.
Josh Smith:  Great. And then just one last quick one, I mean, Susan asked about buying a traditional reinsurance operation. You have expressed interest in buying life and life-like operations. If there a profit like that out there, would that be something you would look at, a Life Reinsurance operation?
Evan Greenberg: You know, I know where you are going. No comment. We do look at everything, but I don’t mind telling you in our game plan, we are far more interested in Life Insurance than we do in Life Reinsurance from an acquisition perspective.
Josh Smith: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, good morning, thanks. A couple quick number questions. First, I was wondering if you could tell us what was the accretion for Combined in the quarter, what was the earnings impact of it?
Evan Greenberg: It was about $0.09.
Brian Meredith: $0.09, great. And then, on the revenue side for Combined, was there a portfolio that came in that maybe inflated the written in earned premium for the quarter?
Evan Greenberg: No.
Brian Meredith: No, so, that is kind of a good run rate number? Or is it seasonality?
Evan Greenberg: No, it’s a pretty good run rate number.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then -- so interest expense -- is there a decent run rate we can kind of think of here going forward?
Phil Bancroft: Yes, I’d use - my thought is around an increase over the history of about $18 million, with the initial financing that we did for Combined and remember we also did a financing, take out the professional preferred, and that wasn’t in investment income, right? It was a dividend. So, that would be just a direct increase in interest expense and a reduction of those dividends. So, overall in the $18 million range.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. And then last question. Evan, can you talk a little bit about how the Atlantic company’s acquisition is going? Kind of plans there, what is going on in that area?
Evan Greenberg: It is going very, very well, it’s right on track. The platform we acquired actually hit that word. The franchise that we acquired, systems, you know, it’s very, very solid. There are good knowledgeable group, their underwriting is sound, their backroom operations and systems are very good and well positioned. We filed new product and throughout the country and are getting approvals. We have combined the parts and pieces that ACE brings to the table and specialties to build out their portfolio that’s all coming together very well. We’ve added to the management team and added to the leadership with those very knowledgeable and high net worth area and they have integrated well into the operation. So, I have to tell you this is on track but it’s a little like the Combined, you know, take something and it’s a light switch, you turn it on and immediately things begin to happen if that was true then anybody could do this. Like the Combined these policies are as much smaller premium, you’re in the individual personal space and it takes time to build out that franchise and see the real power of it in your numbers. And we told you that from the beginning and we are on track to do that and over the next couple of years it will become quite interesting within our numbers.
Brian Meredith: I just figured there were some of the problems some of your competitors in the business are having and maybe there were a little more opportunities near term?
Evan Greenberg: Yes, there is a little bit of breath of wind at your back, and yeah, we are moving. They can always -- the US P&C market has thousands of competitors; when you’ve got a line of business like this where there is only three or four or five feels very good.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Newman with Sandler O’Neill and Partners.
Paul Newman: Good morning and thank you for the call. I just wanted to ask if you are seeing at least a greater hit rate from brokers on particularly B accounts with companies like (inaudible) or others who are having some recent problems. Has that affected your business in any way, both positive or negative?
Evan Greenberg: Well, it haven’t affected our business negatively. And, you know, look, brokers have a job to do and clients have a job to do. They need to buy coverage, the right coverage and they need to buy it from a company that they believe will stand behind their obligation that’s their judgment to make. And they are going to use all available information and if the company has weakness they are going to notice that’s their job to notice that and make their judgments. And if there is a problem and any company has a problem and in the soft market that always happens, you got to know, we are going to take advantage of every opportunity that comes available.
Paul Newman: Obviously have you actually seen some of your submissions loans yet? Or has it just been kind of as you go?
Evan Greenberg: I’m going to ask -- to give you just a little color, I’m going to ask two of colleagues to just comment briefly. Brian?
Brian E. Dowd: You know, the areas where we have seen some uptick in both submission and buying behavior are the longer tail, particularly professional liability. I think we have seen people become a little bit more discriminate and who they place their professional liability with. So, I would say that probably would be the main area where we have seen from the upticks in the US.
John Keogh: I think similarly in the international, on the longer tail lines of business and particularly looking at who leads the program, I think this is more discretion in more decision, changing in that area then we saw a year ago.
Paul Newman: Great, thank you very much for the call.
Evan Greenberg: You’re welcome.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Josh Shanker with Citi.
Joshua Shanker:  Thank you. My first question regards of the crop insurance business also in terms of thinking about of the losses that you have been pretty emphatic about you not having concern. One of your competitors on the reinsurance side suggested that they needed to reserve for such losses, would it just be geography that makes the difference between what you might have in your portfolio and what they might have? Or do you think there is more variables out there and maybe you can give us some clarifications?
Evan Greenberg: Well, the first thing I said you just, you know, I can’t comment and I’m not going to try to do a comparison to another company. I don’t what they have got, I know what we got. But, remember we’re crop insurance and they are crop reinsurance, very different and most crop reinsurance generally it’s written on a stop-loss basis or in excess of loss. So, I don’t know what they are insuring, where it is, I really can’t comment. If you want more color on the crop season, is that what you’re interested in?
Joshua Shanker: Or, I mean, look, any information you can give is wonderful given that you said it is reinsurance, that is actually why I am more surprised, given that you are crop insurance, I would assume insurers would have a loss before re-insurers would.
Evan Greenberg: No, not necessarily. Well, yeah, of course, but it depends on who they are reinsuring and where it is, it could be, you know, I can’t speculate except that they may be doing a company, a small company that is very concentrated in one area and you don’t know the terms of their reinsurance contract. So, I really can’t speculate about that but I am very confident from the information we know today about ACE’s position.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thanks. That is certainly sufficient for what I was asking. The other –
Evan Greenberg: If you want to know more about crop, I will tell you what I got farmer Brian Dowd here who really can go on and on about crop insurance. And we have a lot we can tell you.
Joshua Shanker: Well, Brian, if there’s something you want to share, I will be happy to take it offline, but if there’s something you want to share immediately, I always want to listen.
Evan Greenberg: Do you want to talk a little bit on that.
Brian E. Dowd:  Nothing I would share and differentiate us from others, right. We have been in the crop business with our partner Rain and Hail for more than 25 years, right. And they are either the largest or second largest MGA/insurer in the business. And so they have been in it for a long, long time and unlike most crop insurers we are in every state and every product. So, we have diversity in both territory and product. So, when you see an event like this year that got a lot of press, that affected largely three Midwest states, you got to roll that into our total portfolio and remember there is stop-losses by state. So, if you’re only in those three states you might a tougher year than someone who’s across the country. The second thing that I would say is that the Midwest floods, while tragic, frankly after the water receded, we’ve actually had about a month of about as good of growing weather as you can possibly have. And in both Iowa, Illinois and Missouri, the crops have recovered and we are only about a week behind last year’s growing cycle. So, Iowa, Missouri and Illinois frankly are in pretty good shape right now. So, we’re pretty confident with our staff -- we have over 400 people, we visited virtually every farm that was affected and we feel pretty good about where we are in our loss analysis for this stage of the growing season.
Joshua Shanker: Okay, I appreciate the color. And quickly the other question regards, I know that people are asking a lot of question, I hope I can get one with differing on -- M&A. You know, we have seen a few transactions go down at fairly high price to books but the companies are trading at their peaks not anything specific but when you are looking at deals the investment bankers are bringing to you, do they still look expensive in general, have you seen things come down on price, our asking price for over the last let’s call it nine months or so?
Evan Greenberg: In general when you just look at financial side of it, I think there is still some hopeful thinking in the pricing. I think it’s -- pricing still has a reflection of the past and not a reality of the future. And, I’m sure that as time goes on the bid ask in general will narrow.
Joshua Shanker: I will take it at that. Thank you very much.
Phil Bancroft: You’re welcome.
Operator: For next question we return to Susan Spivak with Wachovia.
Susan Spivak: Hi, good morning, Evan. I realized that what we had yesterday that quake in California wasn’t significant but I thought it might be a good opportunity for you to just share with us what’s your potential exposure to a quake on the coast would be?
Evan Greenberg: Susan, right now, from what we know of this quake, we really haven’t seen, its early days we haven’t seen any losses. And, I don’t expect at this moment from everything I know, I don’t expect any material losses to emerge. And as far as our exposure, well, are you talking about one in a hundred event or one in 250 event, one in 500, what are you asking me?
Susan Spivak:  Basically all three, whatever you could share with us Evan would be great.
Evan Greenberg: Let me see, do we discuss or we take this -- we might take this offline. Susan if you want to understand little more while there is no REG FD issue, we will talk to you a little more about it offline. We don’t have the number just available in our heads right now.
Susan Spivak: Okay. The reason I am asking Evan is because when you look at some of the stat numbers, it comes up with a higher percentage that I know is misleading. So, it would just be great to be able to clarify that.
Evan Greenberg: What you do know regardless of peril, you know what our one in 100 and one in 250 appetite is, we talk about that. [Multiple Speakers] talked about that. And so, that fits, all perils fit within that. So, there is no out size here.
Susan Spivak: Okay, great. I’ll follow that up with you offline.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Wilson for closing remarks.
Helen Wilson: Thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Thank you that does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you all for your participation, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Helen Wilson – Director, Investor Relations Evan Greenberg - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Bancroft - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Susan Spivak - Wachovia David Small - Bear Stearns Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to ACE Limited's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) And now for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Helen Wilson, Director of Investor Relations. Helen, please go ahead. 
Helen Wilson:  Thank you. Welcome to the ACE Limited March 31, 2008 first quarter earnings conference call.  Our report today will contain forward-looking statements such as statements relating to our financial outlook and guidance, business strategy and practices, world prospects, investments and use of capital, integration and performance of recent acquisitions, our proposed redomestication to Switzerland, general economic conditions, pricing and market conditions, exposures and losses and reserves. Actual results may differ materially. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings as well as our earnings press release and financial supplement, which are available on our website, for more information on factors that could affect the forward-looking statements.  This call is being webcast live and will be available for replay for one month.  All remarks made during the call are current at the time of the call and will not be updated to reflect subsequent material developments. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. First we have Evan Greenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by Phil Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Then we'll take your questions. Also with us to assist with your questions are several members of our management team. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Evan.
Evan Greenberg:  Good morning. We had a busy quarter. We closed two acquisitions in the period, Combined Insurance and the Atlantic Companies personal lines business, both on or ahead of schedule. While early days, Combined is on tract towards achieving the efficiency and growth plans we envisioned for them and in fact will make a stronger contribution to '08 earnings than we originally contemplated and disclosed in December. Phil will provide more details when he updates guidance. As you know, we also announced in the quarter our intentions to move our place of incorporation from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland. The acquisitions and the re-domestication are actions I believe that speak to the medium and long-term strategic positioning of the company. They reflect the continued evolution of ACE. From a financial perspective, I believe our first quarter results were quite strong, particularly given financial market conditions. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $725 million, up 9.5% over prior year. All divisions of the company performed well and contributed to an ROE of close to 18%.  Net income, which was down 46%, was impacted in the first quarter by volatility of historic proportions in the financial markets, both debt and equity. Consequently book value growth was basically flat, increasing $58 million in the period. I'll return to this subject in a moment. On the operating income side there were a number of moving parts this quarter. Our underwriting results benefited from prior period development of $137 million, almost exclusively over 90% short-tail lines related. The largest portion of this was in our U.S. crop insurance '07 year book, with the balance in our property lines.  The P&C expense ratio in the quarter was unusually high and not representative of our run rate. The causes of this anomaly were primarily two items which will not repeat and Phil will describe them, though suffice to say, in my judgment, this is not a cause for concern. I expect our expense ratio will be at a more reasonable level for the balance of the year, up about 1.5 points before accounting for the impact of combined. Our business mix, namely our international business and our international A&H in particular, will account for about a third of that expected increase. The balance, or about 1 point, will simply be related to declining premiums while expenses remain relatively flat as well as a change of mix within P&C. As I said earlier, the quarter experienced unprecedented financial market volatility. The [set] aggressively eased, the yield curve steepened, credit spreads substantially widened and equities declined. This resulted in a market pricing impact on our invested assets and our variable annuity reinsurance business. Concerning our investment portfolio, while we reported $480 million of realized and unrealized losses, notably real credit impairments were insignificant at approximately $20 million.  Concerning the annuity business, I believe this quarter's mark is fundamentally transient and distorts the true economic reality. While accounting convention requires us to account for this like a derivative, this is in fact a buyandhold insurance business. The liabilities are long term in nature, and the current mark and consequent reserve movement do not reflect the ultimate value and future cash flows. Again, Phil will elaborate a bit more in a few minutes.  During the quarter, the global P&C insurance markets continued to soften, all lines and all territories, with little exception. Financial institution rates were up modestly, but no other [inaudible]. Overall the softening accelerated during the quarter. In many classes, the rate of decrease in March and April around the world was sharper than in January. But the quarter rate declines in the U.S. averaged high single digits on our retail book and in the low teens on our wholesale business. Remember, these are average percentages and they vary by line.  As I said last quarter, the market continues to become more competitive despite what I believe is overall a more risky environment. We face the twin specters of a global slowdown and U.S. recession as well as inflation. The continued and evolving impact of the financial markets' turmoil will be with us for some time and will continue to be a drag on the global economy.  In my judgment, though, inflation is the more long-term and insidious risk that faces our industry. We have been in a benign inflationary period, and I believe this is likely coming to an end. And yet ironically, insurance rates continue to fall for all the sector-specific market-oriented reasons we know. Fundamentally, it is capital driven. [inaudible] our focus has and continues to be on holding our renewals and writing less new business, overall driving for growth in those areas that will provide an adequate return while curtailing or eliminating growth in other areas. I hear many of our competitors make similar comments, but time will tell who is and who is not practicing what they preach. Net premiums written in the quarter declined 4% over the prior year quarter. Frankly, our overall revenue shrank less than we originally projected, due principally to our international operations. The impact of a weaker dollar and the growth in our A&H business and specialty P&C lines all contributed.  A theme across our economy is global companies, and ACE is one of them. And all industries are performing better in this economic environment than purely domestic companies due to continued economic growth in other parts of the world. Specifically, our Latin America and Asia Pacific operations experienced good growth, and our business in Continental Europe was up as well, while our U.K. and Australia businesses were down. Internationally, our retail business, both P&C and A&H, grew while our international wholesale business shrank modestly. Our North American premium was down, primarily due to a decline in our workers' comp related exposure, both risk transfer and risk management, as well as professional lines, DNO and FI in particular. Certain specialty and general P&C lines, on the other hand, particularly in middle market areas, experienced growth.  Also remember last year in our North America operation we wrote and disclosed a large transaction in the first quarter that did not repeat this year. Our global reinsurance business shrank due to both competition and increased net retentions on the part of cedents who reinsured to us.  Generally speaking, U.S., London and Bermuda-based wholesale insurance continues to be more competitive than retail, though competition in most areas of retail has become quite fierce.  In sum, I believe we are managing with a clear-eyed recognition of the competitive and risk environment, while remaining alert to opportunities around the world on both the asset and liability side of the balance sheet. We remain confident in our ability to execute and outperform.  With that I'll turn the call over to Phil, who'll add some more color around a few of the items I mentioned and he'll update guidance. Following that, we'll take your questions.
Phil Bancroft:  Thanks, Evan. Good morning. As Evan mentioned, the first quarter was marked by unprecedented financial market volatility in both credit and equity markets. In spite of this, our balance sheet remains very strong. Our cash and invested assets grew by $1.4 billion to almost $44 billion. Our reinstatement leverage continued to drop and is now 83%. Our net loss reserves increased $460 million, and our operating cash flow was $1 billion. Net realized and unrealized losses after tax were $650 million. This included approximately $480 million from our investment portfolio, $165 million from derivatives principally relating to the GMIB liabilities of our life reinsurance business, and our share of realized and unrealized gains and losses from AGO.  The $44 billion portfolio represents assets invested all around the world. The majority of our investments are dollar denominated, and a significant amount of this is invested from nontaxable jurisdictions. Of the $44 billion, 87% is invested in investment grade fixed income securities, with the remainder allocated among equities, high yield, and other alternative investments, including private equities and hedge funds.  As you can see from our supplement, our investment portfolio is conservative, and we believe our asset allocation is appropriate given the U.S. and nonU.S. operating position.  Regarding the $480 million loss in the quarter, our global equity and high-yield bond portfolios sustained a marktomarket decline of $330 million. These markets have recovered significantly in the first few weeks of April. As we've previously mentioned, we do not invest in CDOs or CLOs and our exposure to subprime mortgages is minimal. The credit quality of our portfolio is high at double A and has a duration of 3.5 years.  With an historic widening of credit spreads during the quarter, our investment grade fixed-income portfolio incurred a marktomarket decline of $150 million. This decline relates primarily to movements in our triple A, CMBS, and mortgage portfolios. As you can see in our financial supplement, there have been no downgrades or credit losses in these portfolios. In addition, the characteristics have not changed materially since our previous disclosure, and we do not expect any material credit losses.  Our overall portfolio was in a net unrealized gain position of nearly $300 million at March 31.  With respect to GMIBs, as Evan mentioned, our loss resulted from an increase in the fair market value of the liabilities relating to these annuities. In this business we accept both short-term volatility risk and long-term economic risk. From an insurance underwriting perspective this is a cat-type risk business, and it would take prolonged and extensive adverse market conditions to create an economic loss to ACE. We managed the concentration risk to be within our overall risk tolerance, and the results for this quarter are in line with our expectations for current market conditions.  This business is considered a derivative for technical accounting purposes, however we feel our operating income, which includes the result of insurance accounting treatment, is a more meaningful way of looking at this business. In fact, the GMIB liability is treated as an insurance liability rather than a derivative for a direct life insurance writer with no marktomarket accounting required. But because for ACE it's reinsurance, it's treated as a derivative. We don't believe the short-term view of derivative accounting recognizes the true economics of a buyandhold business. To illustrate, the portfolio valuation as of last Friday indicates a gain in excess of $150 million in the fair market value since the end of the quarter. In a matter of three weeks, the first quarter mark almost disappeared. We've been writing this business for six years, and while it can produce volatile results, it has produced cumulative risk-adjusted returns through the first quarter in excess of 30% on an operating income basis and an excess of 20% on a net income basis.  The growth in our expense ratio was inflated by 2008 profit sharing commission payments related to our crop insurance business and a large risk management transaction we wrote and disclosed in 2007 that did not repeat in 2008. As you can see on Page 2 of the financial supplement, our P&C expense ratio, excluding A&H, has grown by 3.9 percentage points. This ratio, which is a particular focus for our expense management, increased less than 1 percentage point adjusted for crop in this year's ratio and the risk management contract in last year's ratio. During the quarter we completed the financing for the combined transaction, borrowing $750 million at an average rate of 4.8%.  This will bring our pro forma debttocapital ratio to 14.5%. In addition, we've elected to use repurchase agreements of $1 billion instead of liquidating higher yielding investment assets. This will temporarily increase our short-term debt for approximately two quarters. We provided an update to our guidance in the press release. Our EPS guidance now includes an estimate of $0.25 per share for Combined's income, which is 3.4% accretive. Our original estimate, which we discussed on the Combined acquisition call, was $0.19 or 2.6% accretive for the same timeframe.  With that, I'll turn it over to Helen.
Helen Wilson: Thank you. At this point, we'd like to take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers:  First, we've heard a fair amount about crop insurance programs from some other companies as well as ACE. Could you explain that in a bit more detail?
Evan Greenberg: What would you like me to explain, what it is?
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, why don't we start there?
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Basically what it does is it insures farmers against weather events - temperature, moisture-related that could affect crop yields. That's in essence the net-net of what the program's intended to do. How it works takes into consideration not just yield but price of crops because it really gets at their total economic loss. We share the risk with the federal government. It is a federal government sponsored program originally created, as my colleague Brian Dowd likes to say, to keep bread at under $1 a loaf because it was around the time of the Great Depression that it was created.  And what you do is we insure it. We have an MGA who we've had a very long-standing relationship with. It goes back preACE, CIGNA. It's over 20 years. We are the second-largest writer in the country of this business. Wells Fargo is the largest. You write it through independent rural agents in particular who solicit the business from farmers, and the federal government provides in excess of loss protection that varies by crop by state. 
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Does that increase ACE's sensitivity to commodity prices?
Evan Greenberg: ACE's sensitivity to commodity prices? No, not really. But it is considered in the overall when you look at price of crop and you look at yield. It starts with yield due to weather. And we've been writing this business, I'd say, for many years.  It's not speculating on commodity prices of crop. That would be wrongheaded to go in that direction.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers:  And then on the guidance can you give us a sense of what's embedded in our outlook for the property casualty investment income for the rest of the year?
Phil Bancroft: What I would say is if you look at our guidance, you'll note that it's up for Combined, obviously. And really the only other adjustment that we made is that we've taken down investment income to some extent, recognizing the market conditions and the interest rate environment. So the guidance is really as it stood initially, with those two changes.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: And then if I could just make a request from a disclosure perspective. I don't know if ACE would consider breaking out the components of investment income going forward by asset class. That would help us perhaps see where some of the volatility's coming from. And then if ACE would be able to provide pro forma results for the combination of Combined Insurance by segment as well as on a consolidated basis historically, I think that would be helpful as well as we build our models.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, your first one we'll take under consideration. Your second one, we're going to improve our disclosure going forward to give more color around our A&H business in totality, but we're hardly going to break the Combined out separately from that. It now becomes part of our A&H business. And then you'll be able to ask questions about our A&H and we'll describe what's going on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Susan Spivak - Wachovia.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia:  A couple of questions. First, I thought your comment on inflation was quite interesting and I was just wondering, in your opinion, how long will that take to really show up in the loss costs? That's the first question. And then I was wondering also as we go into the Florida renewal season, do you expect to write more insurance or reinsurance business in the state? 
Evan Greenberg: Good question, Susan.  First of all, on the loss cost side on inflation, I can't pin an exact time. I'm not measuring it in months. I'm measuring it more in years. But I do believe in the medium term, so over the next two or three years, we're going to see loss costs tick up. I just don't see how you can't. Building materials based on commodity prices are going up all over. Consumer, we all know. I won't pontificate about it. But we all know what's going on with consumer prices and that eventually finds its way into [inaudible].  The weak dollar is inflationary to all imports and so, you know, over time. And, you know, if you believe a Democrat's getting in the White House, I think that's going to have an impact ultimately on the legal environment.  And so to me I think over the medium term. And remember, we're pricing today for the long term and that's why I make that comment.  Regarding Florida, well, time will tell wherever we're going to get paid the best. I have to tell you, last year we thought the pricing was best in our E&S business and secondly it was in the excessive loss per cat. It was not in the primary [inaudible] shares. We thought that was underpriced, and if that market continues that way then we'll have the same pattern going into this season.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: And if I could just sneak one more in, do you have any potential new [CB star benchers] on the horizon.
Evan Greenberg: Not [inaudible]. If you know something, tell me.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: I was hoping you would tell us. 
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Small - Bear Stearns.
David Small - Bear Stearns:  Just two quick questions. Evan, in your prepared remarks you talked about a mix change in your book within P&C. Can you just elaborate on that a little bit?
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. We wrote less risk management business. We wrote less risk transfer workers' comp. And so, you know, the risk management is large account. We did write greater - particularly in North America, I'm referring to, and to a degree internationally, but more North America - we did write more middle market specialty type business. And that brings with it typically a higher expense ratio. It's got a little higher commission to it than large account business does that's on a fee basis or has a low commission.
David Small - Bear Stearns: Then my second question is just on D&O. Could you just give us an update on where you're seeing loss trends coming in from the recent credit crunch, and also could you maybe just help us understand how your '07-'08 loss takes were impacted by that? 
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I shall. Right now we've seen further development due to subprime and financial market turmoil in the quarter. It was not out of line. It was in line with what we expected. I don't want to say it was modest. It wasn't extreme. It was just pretty much what we'd expect as fine. It was on the D&O side in particular. On the E&O side we didn't see much development at all, a little bit. All of the development to date is within our reserves. Our ultimate projection hasn't changed and it is within our reserves. And it was fundamentally within the '07 year, though we do have some recognition in our initial loss picks for '08. And that's about what I can tell you.
David Small - Bear Stearns: And then just one follow up on that. We've heard from a number of people that FI professional liability, the pricing's going up. Would you use this as an opportunity to increase your share in that line? 
Evan Greenberg: Well, we haven't so far, no. We have not so far. The pricing is up modestly. 
David Small - Bear Stearns: Okay. 
Evan Greenberg: Nothing that we thought was very interesting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  Just so I understand it, on the Combined side it sounds as if the international premiums will be in the overseas general business. I'm assuming the U.S. premiums from Combined are in the life business?
Evan Greenberg: It's correct. And Jay, it's not like we're playing some shell game, but it's how we manage the business. So the international makes the most sense to be within the P&C because that's where our international A&H is, that's where all the management is, that's where our greatest international presence is that can support the Combined in its expansion, both in general management and support services, etc., overseas, plus, as I say, line-specific management, so we put it there. The U.S. side is written on life company paper, it even has a little life insurance within it, and it makes most sense to be with our life company management, and that's where our greatest expertise is for handling that.  So that's why we'll be reporting it through those two places though we will - right now we break out A&H. We show you a kind of a line breakdown within the segment within the supplement. We show you P&C, and we show you A&H and life. We'll do some more disclosure there, and we haven't really decided exactly what it's going to look like, but beginning in the second quarter we will have some more disclosure to show you a little more about the A&H in its totality.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And then the second question, do you see any of the proposals in the agricultural bill impacting your crop business?
Evan Greenberg: What has happened so far - and I'm about 2 minutes smart on this so if you go too far, I'm going to ask Brian Dowd to jump in, who's about 10 hours smart on it.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: I'm 30 seconds smart.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. What they really do, and this benefits the large writers ultimately - such as ACE - versus the smaller writers, the government cuts back to the private sector in essence how much the reinsurer, because the government is the reinsurer, pays as a ceding commission is the best way I can say it for administrative expenses and for commissions that you pay the agents.  And so if you're not a large writer of it, it is a negative arbitrage for you. And boy, you're really hoping for a good crop year.  If you're a larger writer, you have economies of scale and so that cutback in ceding commission in essence, which is what it is - they call it some funny acronym, but that's what it is - it has less of an impact on you though it has an impact. So that's what the farm bill right now, that's the biggest issue within it.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, that's what I heard from others. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Gates - Credit Suisse.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse:  I, like Susan, congratulate you on your inflation comments. Hey, here's my question. Seemingly a large portion of the Combined insureds in the United States - and I guess the revenue from U.S. operations represents some 60% of revenue - seemingly those guys are in the eye of the storm here with regard to subprime and very high gas prices. What do you see as the impact of that?
Evan Greenberg: You know, Charlie, it's a funny thing. I was out at Combined yesterday, by the way, working with them, getting an update on where we are. You know, I grew up in the A&H business and we were comparing notes about what happens in a recession because my experience has been that particularly in middle income people will actually buy more insurance because they're very risk averse. And there is a sense of a need - you feel vulnerable and a need for protection - and remember, this is the most primary of protection because this is in many cases the only insurance that this group, this cohort, will purchase. So I don't necessarily generally see a decline. On the other side of the coin what you can run into is gas prices and your agents traveling to make sales.  When I compared notes with the Combined people, they have had this exact same experience, that typically in this kind of a period sales don't suffer. If anything, they go up a bit. And also recruitment of agents becomes a lot easier.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF:  A couple quick ones. On the GMIB derivative losses, you did put some disclosure in your K on Page 82 that talks about sensitivity to equity market's down, interest rate's up, [inaudible] up. Is it fair to assume that it works this similar percentage if those move the other way? 
Phil Bancroft: It is.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: And then quickly on the $650 realized and unrealized, you broke it up to [non-grade] high yield equity. The equity looked a little bit more than 10% which is the U.S. is down. Is that because global markets are down more, and also what were the products where you had the realized and unrealized losses? Was it ADS, corporate [inaudible]? It didn't look like it was in MBS. 
Evan Greenberg: It was in triple A CMBS, and our mortgage portfolio was the fixed-income component. That was the $150 million that I mentioned. And I would say that our equity loss was in line with global markets, right? So our equities are spread throughout the world and our losses matched.
Josh Smith - TIAA-CREF: And then finally on reserves, you've trailed your peers in reserve [inaudible], which I take as a good thing, but obviously it picked up this quarter, short-tail business mostly. Others released significantly more reserves, and I guess I have a question on your releasing methodology. Do you consider that a line might be under reserved before you release reserves in a specific line or is it all done in silos?  What I'm getting at is a lot of people think we're on the precipice of a big D&O liability here, and if you thought that would you be slower in releasing reserves in other lines?
Evan Greenberg: No. Every line stands on its own, and every line's reserves must be adequate. And that's all we post. We do our reserve studies through the year. The vast majority of our casualty related reserve studies come between the second and the fourth quarter. And every reserve study stands on its own, and that is both in its totality and within each accident year.
Operator: Your last question comes from Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC.
Thomas Mitchell - Miller Tabak & Co., LLC:  Following up on your comments about inflation, which seem to be well timed, can you give us some indication of in theory if inflation does increase over the next several years, let's say three to five years, what potential impact that would have on your existing long-tail reserve assumptions?
Evan Greenberg: You know, we study that. We never really reduced our - let me say it differently. Our loss cost assumptions on our historic book have been in our judgment, even considering the future, reasonable. We have pegged them fairly conservatively. I've said before that it varies typically between 6% and 10% depending on the jurisdiction and whether you're looking at primary or excess casualty related business.  So we haven't and we have said before, we did not take an optimistic view when we were looking at a more benign loss cost environment in the past years because we believed that it was transient and, you know, we know what the tail is. Though remember that the payout patterns vary by class of casualty. Some, you know, the payout pattern could be that a substantial percentage is paid out after three years, some it's after five or seven or 10 years. So it's more sensitive the longer the tail. I hope that helps you.
Operator: With no other questions in queue at this time, Helen, I'll turn it back to you for today's closing remarks.
Helen Wilson: Thank you very much for your time and attention this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. Thank you and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's ACE conference. You may now disconnect your phone.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Finnegan – CEO Thomas Motamed – COO John Degnan – CAO Michael O’Reilly - CFO  
Analysts:  David Lewis – Raymond James Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan Joshua Shanker – Citigroup Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Dan Johnson  David Small – Bear Stearns Josh Smith Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs   
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to The Chubb Corporation’s fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Before we begin Chubb has asked me to make the following statements in order to help you understand Chubb, it’s industry and it’s results, members of Chubb’s management team will include in today’s presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb’s management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appear in Chubb’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please also note that no portion of this conference may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without prior written consent from Chubb. Replays of the webcast will be available through January 29, 2008. Those listening after February 22, 2008 should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan. Please go ahead sir. 
John Finnegan:  Thank you for joining us today. As you read in our press release we posted terrific results for the fourth quarter. With operating income per share of $1.60 up 10% from the fourth quarter of 2006. We had a combined ratio of 83.8 driven again by excellent performance in all three strategic business units. We had 3.8 points of cats in the fourth quarter compared to 9/10ths of a point in the fourth quarter of 2006. On nets CAT basis the combined ratio improved 2.2 points to 80. For all of 2007 operating income reached $2.6 billion making 2007 our fifth consecutive year of record earnings. During my closing remarks I will discuss our 2008 guidance in detail. First Tom Motamed will say a few words about our underwriting results.  
Thomas Motamed:  Thank you John. Once again we had a great quarter with $480 million in underwriting income. We continued to have excellent performance by all three SBUs as reflected in our combined ratio of 83.8. Our 2007 ex CAT accident year experience continues to be very strong in all SBUs. In addition we had favorable development in the fourth quarter of about $220 million which improved the fourth quarter’s combined ratio by about seven percentage points. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums grew by 4% in the fourth quarter and CPI produced a combined ratio of 91.2 including 10.4 points of catastrophe losses most of which were related to the California wild fires. In last year’s fourth quarter CPI had a combined ratio of 84.4 including 2.4 points of catastrophe losses. Excluding CATs CPI’s combined ratios improved 1.2 points to 80.8 from 82 in 2006.  CPI’s outstanding results were driven by Homeowners which accounts for 65% of CPI’s premiums. Homeowners grew 5% and had a combined ratio of 89.1 including 16.1 points of catastrophe. Given market conditions we’re not surprised that Personal Auto Premiums declined 6%. We are very pleased with our combined ratio of 90.5. Other personalized premiums increased 11% driven by our accident business particularly outside the US. The combined ratio for other personal was 99.4.   Chubb Commercial Insurance continues to produce great results with a fourth quarter combined ratio of 85.3 compared to 82.9 last year. CCI had 1.2 points of catastrophes this quarter compared with 0.7 points last year. Excluding CATs CCI’s combined ratio for the fourth quarter was 84.1 in 2007 and 82.2 in 2006. CCI net written premiums were flat in the fourth quarter. In the US we retained 83% of business up for renewal in the fourth quarter with an average rate decrease of 5% and the new to lost business ratio was .8 to 1. CSI delivered a fourth quarter combined ratio of 74.6 which is 9.5 points better than last year driven by strong performance in both Professional Liability and Surety. CSI net written premiums were up 3% for the quarter. Professional Liability had a combined ratio of 78.3 compared to 88.5 in last year’s fourth quarter reflecting significant favorable development.   Loss experience continued to be excellent. Professional Liability premiums increased 2%. In the US fourth quarter renewal retention was 88%, average renewal rates were down 5% and the ratio of new to lost business was 1.2 to 1. New written premiums for our Surety business grew 9% as we’ve told you in the past this is a very volatile line of business but we’ve had a string of excellent quarters including a combined ratio of 46.1 this quarter.   Before turning it over to John Degnan I want to call your attention to our international results. In the fourth quarter premiums outside the US grew 15% or 6% in local currencies. The combined ratio was an excellent 82.5. For all of 2007 our operations outside the US accounted for 23% of our net written premiums and produced a strong combined ratio of 85. All in all, we are benefiting greatly from the global character of our book of business. John? 
John Degnan:  Thanks Tom. I’d like to begin by providing you with some insight into our current thinking about Chubb’s claim exposure to the sub-prime mortgage lending and the broader credit crisis. At the outset I should issue a caveat. As you all know the scenario is developing as we speak. It is dynamic and subject to change. As a result what I am describing today is by necessity a snapshot of what we are currently seeing. From Chubb’s standpoint the credit crisis currently has the potential to impact principally three types of policies we write in our specialty business; Errors & Omissions, Directors & Officers and Fiduciary. The types of insured’s we now expect to be impacted include home builders and developers, lenders, other financial institutions such as [REITs] mortgage brokers, mortgage insurers, bond insurers, rating agencies, investment managers and hedge funds. As we’ve done in the past on the investment banking, mutual fund and stock option back dating claims, we have been diligently monitoring case developments and claim filings relating to the credit crisis to ensure that we stay on top of the potential claims. For the reasons I’ll discuss I think we are well positioned to manage the exposures arising out of these events.   On the E&O side so far, things have been fairly quiet for us. In large part we contribute this to our underwriting strategy and prudent risk selection. In 2004 and 2005 we made a number of specific decisions that are now working to our benefit. We avoided writing insurance for the major sub-prime lending specialists. We got out of writing E&O insurance for almost all of the largest global investment banks and the top 30 global commercial banks and we exited a program of mortgage broker E&O insurance that we had been writing profitably for some time. As a consequence to date we largely have avoided the primary E&O exposures arising from these events particularly regulatory investigations involving allegedly deceptive marketing practices. Instead the few E&O claims that have been reported to us to date largely involve individual claims against investment managers that invested client funds in securities adversely impacted by the credit crisis.   We have had relatively more activity on the D&O front but there also we benefited from strategic underwriting decisions, prudent risk selection and our limit and attachment profile. The majority of the claims we’re seeing under D&O policies are securities fraud class actions against directors and officers of companies that have either had to take a charge against earnings, revalue their investment portfolio or report disappointing financial results due to the affects of the credit crisis. Once again our conscious decision to avoid writing D&O insurance for large sub-prime lending specialists and to limit our exposure to investment banks and global commercial banks has helped us to avoid some of the highest profile cases. Of the Chubb policies under which D&O claims have been reported many are Side A only policies which can only come into play if the company is not able to indemnify its Directors & Officers. A significant majority of the policies are excess only and a great majority of the policies involve limits of $10 million or less.   Finally although it is far too early to predict how these cases ultimately will pan out it is noteworthy that plaintiffs are going to have the stricter requirements for pleading [inaudible] that the Supreme Court established last year in the {Tellabs] case in order for them to move forward with their claims. In fact the first reported decision in one of these cases granted the defendant’s motion to dismiss.   Now on the fiduciary front, it’s also been quiet so far. We’re aware that there have been a number of follow on [arisa] suits filed that mimic the allegations of their companion securities class action law suits but so far we have received notice of only a couple of such suits under Chubb fiduciary policy. The policies potentially implicated have been either Side A or excess only. This also appears to reflect our decision to reduce our exposure under fiduciary liability policies for large risks. In sum, based on what we’re seeing now the underwriting actions I’ve just referred to lead us to believe that the volatility inherent in Professional Liability lines has been reduced but certainly not entirely eliminated in Chubb’s own book of business. That is borne out by our analysis of claims received by us to date. At the same time we recognize that the full contours of the credit crisis impact on insurers are not yet defined. It is an evolving process that has to be closely monitored and managed as we proceed.  The second item I’d like to discuss briefly and happily I might add is the latest of a series of favorable decisions from the US Supreme Court affecting Federal Securities Litigation. On January 15 the court issued its decision in another closely watched securities case, Stoneridge Partners. Once again the court came down on the side of defendants holding that private plaintiffs could not sue a company’s vendors for securities fraud. Even if those vendors have knowingly engaged in transactions that the company used to falsify its earnings. Because the plaintiffs could not establish that they had relied on any conduct or statements of those vendors. In so holding the court refused to extend the reach of private causes of action under the securities laws and reaffirmed that there is no private right of action against alleged aiders and abettors of securities fraud. Obviously the primary beneficiaries of the Stoneridge decision are the so called secondary actors, the vendors, suppliers, banker, lawyers, accountants, even customers who may be involved with companies that commit securities fraud. The decision provides them a measure of protection against liability for alleged securities fraud perpetrated by those they serve or with whom they do business.   As such its primary favorable insurance impact is likely to be on E&O claims including those asserted against investment banks and accounting firms in cases like Enron Securities litigation. We think the decision is much less likely to significantly impact a D&O claims environment because the typical securities fraud claim under a D&O policy usually involves directors and officers public statements regarding their own company for which they can be held primarily liable. Nevertheless even on the D&O front the decision is a positive development in that it reflects the Supreme Court’s continued rejection of attempts to expand the scope of liability under the Federal Securities Laws.   In an attempt to identify some positive development in this opinion the plaintiff’s bar has been pointing to a couple of dangling comments in the opinion that left open the possibility that the secondary actors in the investment sphere might still be open to liability. The Supreme Court curtailed that speculation last week when it denied outright the petition for [surserary] in the Enron case. Importantly it did not remand the decision to the Fifth Circuit for further proceedings consistent with the Stoneridge decision instead it left the decision below stand and affectively put an end to the securities fraud claims against the investment banks who were all major participants in structuring transactions that Enron used to misrepresent it’s financials. In that context it’s safe to say that the circumstances under which a secondary actor can be held liable in securities class actions are now quite narrow and that is very good news in the litigation arena for defendants and guarantors.   And now I’ll turn it back to John Finnegan. 
John Finnegan:  Now before turning it over to Michael O’Reilly, I’d like to say a few words about Mike. I know that many of you have met him will find this difficult to believe but Mike will actually reach our mandatory retirement age in 2008. So after a distinguished 39 year career at Chubb Mike will be retiring at the end of this year. For many years Mike was our Chief Investment Officer and in that role he was the architect of Chubb’s fiscal conservatism and prudent investment program which have produced both financial stability and attractive returns to carry us through the ups and downs of the underwriting cycle. Shortly after I arrived he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer and has made outstanding contributions in that role. As CFO he can be proud that he will be leaving the company in the strongest financial condition it’s ever been in. Mike isn’t leaving today; he will be with us for the rest of the year and will help with the search for his successor and with the transition. Now I’ll turn it over to Mike. 
Michael O’Reilly:  Thank you John, I appreciate your kind words. I spent most of my career at Chubb and it’s been a privilege to have had a hand in the success of this unique franchise. I’d like to begin tonight with a few words about our investment portfolio. As I mentioned last quarter our portfolio has not had and does not have any direct exposure to either sub-prime mortgages or collateralized debt obligations. Given recent events affecting the mono line insurers and the weakness in the real estate industry let me also make a few comments about our tax exempt bond and mortgage-back securities portfolios. First regarding tax exempts this portfolio had a market value at December 31, 2008 of $18.6 billion, 57% of these bonds are in uninsured and have an average credit rating of AA1. Forty-three percent are insured and are therefore rated AAA. Without that insurance the underlying credit quality of these bonds would still average AA3. The average underlying credit rating of the entire tax exempt portfolio excluding the benefit of insurance would drop only one notch to AA2. It is our view that even if the insurance ceased to exist the aggregate mark to market impact on our financial condition would be immaterial.   Let’s turn now to our mortgage-back securities whose total market value at year end 2007 was $4.8 billion, 98% of this portfolio is rated AAA. Even in the 42% of this portfolio which is commercial mortgage-back securities, 97% are rated AAA and only $15 million worth are rated less than AA. More details on these portfolios are posted on our website. I’m happy to report that our alternative investments have continued to perform well during this period of stress in the financial markets also.   Turning now to our operating results underwriting income was excellent amounting to $480 million in the fourth quarter and $2.1 billion for the full year. In addition property and casualty investment income after tax increased by 9% in the quarter to $331 million and also by 9% for the full year to $1.3 billion. Property and casualty invested assets increased to $37.6 billion at the end of 2007 from $35.3 billion at year end 2006. As I mentioned earlier our fixed income portfolio remains heavily weighted in tax exempt bonds and has an average duration of approximately 4.6 years. The unrealized depreciation in the fixed income portfolio at the end of the year was $397 million. Book value per share under generally accepted accounting principals at December 31, 2007 was $38.56 compared to $33.71 at year end 2006. Book value per share calculated with available for sale fixed maturities and amortized cost was $37.87 compared $33.38 at 2006 year end. That’s an increase of 13%.  For the fourth quarter we estimate that favorable development on prior year reserves was as follows. We had about $10 million of favorable development in CPI, about $35 million in CCI and about $125 million in CSI, nearly all of it in Professional Liability. We also had about $50 million in reinsurance assumed bringing the total favorable development for Chubb to about $220 million for the quarter. For comparison in the fourth quarter of 2006 we had about $135 million of favorable development for the company overall including $30 million in CCI, $60 million in CSI and $45 million in reinsurance assumed.   We have not yet completed the consolidation of our worldwide 10-K loss development schedule but we currently expect it to show approximately $700 million of favorable development from action years 2006 and prior. This represents a favorable impact on the 2007 combined ratio of about 6 points overall. This favorable development confirms our confidence both in the strength of our reserves and in the quality of our current book of business. During the fourth quarter of 2007 our loss reserves increased by $72 million. Reserves then reinsurance assumed which is now in run-off declined by $92 million. Reserves in the insurance business increased by $164 million including approximately $85 million related to currency fluctuation. For the full year reserves in the insurance business increased by $889 million including approximately $290 million related to currency fluctuation.   The expense ratio in the fourth quarter was 30.5 versus 29.9 in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase was due to premium growth outside the US in certain classes of business for which commission rates are high.   Turning to capital management during the fourth quarter of 2007 we repurchased all of the shares remaining under previous authorizations and we began repurchases under a new 28 million share program authorized by the Board on December 13. During the quarter we repurchased 9.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $525 million. In all of 2007 our total purchases amounted to 41.7 million shares at a cost of $2.2 billion. Depending on market conditions we expect to complete the new buy back program by the end of 2008.   To provide some background for John Finnegan’s discussion about guidance let me mention four items that will affect our financial results in 2008. First we expect our combined ratio to deteriorate somewhat from 2007 levels as 2008 results are adversely affected by continued rate declines. Second in 2007 reinsurance assumed contributed $0.17 to our operating income per share. Because of the run-off of Chubb [re] we expect a much smaller contribution in 2008.   Third in 2007 we had an $0.11 per share benefit from an increase in deferred acquisition costs as a result of our switch from contingent commissions to guaranteed supplemental compensation for producers. This benefit will not reoccur in 2008. Finally these adverse impacts on earnings per share will be partially offset by the affect of our share repurchase program. Now I’ll turn it back to John Finnegan. 
John Finnegan:  Thanks Mike, to sum up 2007 with the fifth consecutive year of record results for Chubb shareholders. Our combined ratio in 2007 was 82.9 which as you know is far better than the industry’s average. Operating income grew a record $2.6 billion or $6.41 per share. Return on equity was 18.7%. We completed one share repurchase program and began another. We raised the dividend by 16% and adjusted book value per share increased 13%. In fact over the past five years adjusted book value per share grew from $18.21 to $37.87 a compound average annual increase of 16%.   Let me conclude with a few comments on our guidance for 2008. The market continues to be competitive as rates in both the specialty and commercial areas were down in 2007. These soft market conditions lead us to project deterioration in our combined ratio in 2008. Nevertheless since this deterioration is from record profitability levels we believe 2008 will be another excellent year. Specifically we expect operating income per share to be in the range of $5.70 to $6.10. This guidance is based on our expectation that net written premiums in our insurance will be flat to down 3%. We will have a combined ratio of 86 to 88. Investment income will grow 4% to 6% and we will have 370 million average diluted shares outstanding.   The guidance excludes real life investment gains and losses and assumes three percentage points of catastrophe losses. As you will recall we traditionally used a three point CAT assumption based on historical experience. In the wake of Katrina we increased our CAT assumption to four points in 2006 to be conservative. We revisited this issue and decided to go back to using a three point CAT assumption as this provides a reasonable provision from what we would expect in a typical year. Based on both the last five and ten year periods our median CAT loss experience has been three points. With the nature of CAT events in the long run that there may be a few individual years where the impact is unusually large, for example the World Trade Center loss. Such years drive up the average which we will continue to focus on for pricing purposes but such years do not materially affect the median or typical outcome which we think is probably a better benchmark for annual earnings guidance purposes. Thus we have reverted to a three point CAT assumption which is in line with our historical experience. I think it works out particularly well for 2008 guidance since it allows for an apples to apples comparison with 2007 results.   Of course you may incorporate your models a different assumption for CAT losses if you deem it appropriate. In terms of sensitivity the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe losses on 2008 operating income per share it’s approximately $0.20. To break down our guidance by SBU, for CPI we expect a modest increase in net written premiums and a combined ratio of 85 to 88 for the year. For CCI we expect a modest decline in net written premiums and a combined ratio of 88 to 91 and for CSI we expect a modest decline in net written premiums and a combined ratio of 82 to 85.   In conclusion, 2007 was another outstanding year. With that I’ll open the lines to your questions. 
Operator:  Your first question comes from David Lewis - Raymond James 
David Lewis – Raymond James:  Quick question can you just maybe run through your outlook on pricing in 2008 versus 2007, your best guess as we’ve now entered the new year and whether the competitive pressures you think are increasing or fairly steady with the ’07 period? 
John Finnegan:  Let me kind of describe that as what we view from a market condition standpoint. If you look at the commercial business, in 2007 we saw rates decline throughout the year due to increased competition. There was competition for new business and it was particularly strong and some competitors actually moved outside of their typical appetite in search of that new business. There was also pressure to reduce deductibles and increase some sub limits. We also found that CAT prone property came under rate pressure. So we believe that the rate declines that we saw in 2007 and that competition for new business will carry over into 2008. So I think we’d say much of the same. If you look at the specialty business we continue to see aggressive competition. You know rates are off mid to high single-digits depending on the line of business. Fortunately we haven’t seen any change or significant change to terms and more importantly from our standpoint we’ve seen very little evidence of multi year deals. But at this point we believe that the rates will decline again in 2008 but probably at a slower pace than last year. The credit crisis might have a favorable impact on D&O pricing going forward; we’ll have to see about that. If you look at the personal lines business, homeowners continues to be competitive but quite honestly we believe we have a very strong franchise, we have broad coverage, superior claim service, great appraisal service, its made us the leader in the high net worth market. Automobile as you know continues to be very competitive fueled by the direct writers and we expect that trend will continue in ’08. So I think that sums up how we see the market and how it will behave in 2008.  
David Lewis – Raymond James:  That’s helpful, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan 
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan:  I was just hoping you could in particular with respect to Professional lines kind of walk through some of the positives and negatives because I was a bit surprised to see that you’re calling for better combined ratios for ’08 than we were for ’07 at this same time, so if you could just kind of what me….I have a sense of what I think they are but kind of put some weight to some of the judicial reforms, loss costs, vie sa vie pricing etc.  
John Degnan:  Let me start on the loss side, I went through in some detail in analyzing the exposure we might have to credit crisis claims, the underwriting strategies that have worked their way into our book over the last three to four years; lower limits, higher attachment points, movement toward the middle market rather than the Fortune 200 accounts although we still play there, when we do we tend to be higher excess writing a heck of a lot more Side A only coverage’s now for large publically traded accounts, getting out of the large money center regional banks, getting off all E&O for investment banks. So that’s a large contributor to the very good results that we’ve been reporting in these lines of business over the last couple of years and we expect them to continue to play out. In fact maybe even have a better impact on our loss development going forward given the way in which the claims have been developing lately. The favorable judicial climate has just been remarkable over the last three or four years. The United States Supreme Court has taken consistent positions which raise the level of pleading requirements and make it more difficult to establish class action securities certification and I venture to say if we were redoing the corporate abuse estimates today in the light of the developments in the law since the exposure both to the principals and to their insurers would have been substantially lower today than it was in the climate in which they were experiencing.  On the pricing side Tom can add to that but it may be as he intimated that the credit crisis insofar as it impacts insured’s for non insured losses will increase the demand and therefore the pricing for D&O insurance going forward but as we moved into the middle market segment of this business we’re feeling pretty good about a stable to slightly down rate environment there. 
Thomas Motamed:  Yeah I would agree as I said earlier we don’t see deterioration on terms and conditions multi year deals like we did in the last soft market so we think it’s a pricing issue and we think it’s going to be a little bit better than last year.  
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan:  So just to put words in your mouth, it sounds like if I use rate decreases which seem to be basically mid single-digits your loss trends are at least, the combination of loss trends plus some of the judicial changes that have come down the pipe in the last six months lets say is sufficient to drive a decrease. 
Thomas Motamed:  Our loss experience has been terrific as you see in our numbers and as we’ve told you in the past we take into account this loss experience and we need to validate it and have to mature and we’ve seen it now mature in prior accident years. This year I think for the first time we really, our 2002 and prior accident years performed well so as we look out we think we’ll have a continuation of favorable loss experience. It will be a mix in accident years. I think clearly that to achieve the guidance we’re talking about we will have to have some favorable development in prior accident years but we don’t specifically project the mix between prior and current accident years. It’s a continuation of the loss experience we’ve seen.  
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan:  Okay and then just one last thing probably the first of many best wishes to Michael and then a question for you which is just with respect to the, I understand the rationale for changing the CAT assumption I guess, but are there any planned reinsurance changes this year versus last year which, because I guess I’m just looking at market checks which suggest deductibles keep going which may suggest maybe now is necessarily the time to be bringing in a number like that down. 
Michael O’Reilly:  No we don’t think there’s likely to be any change in our reinsurance posture. Obviously we’re always evaluating what the cost of reinsurance is relative to many other things that we see going on in the marketplace, but on our CAT program specifically we think the traditional market will be down 10% or something like that and obviously we issued a CAT bond last year, we’re constantly evaluating the trade off between the conditional market and the CAT bond market and we’ll make a call as we get closer to our renewal date.  
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan:  Okay fair enough, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Shanker – Citigroup 
Joshua Shanker – Citigroup:  A few questions, during the discourse on the quarter it was said that for your D&O book many of your clients have maximum limits of $10 million or less, I’m wondering if its possible that you could give a better range that we can understand for that book of business, what the large case clients might have as a total exposure or top limit and that would be the first question.  
John Degnan:  Generally we don’t sell D&O limits above $25 million. On the relatively few accounts on which we do, it will be a layered program and any amount above that limit would come in at a very high level in the program. Generally limits range from, for public companies; from $10 million to $25 million in the middle market of course we’re talking about limits anywhere from $1 million to $5 million, maybe as much as $10 million. 
Joshua Shanker – Citigroup:  Okay and in terms of the mortgage-back securities portfolio could you give us a number about what percentage are AAA potentially due to insurance wrapping? 
Michael O’Reilly:  Well you have to really break the thing down between the residential and the commercial. So on the residential side, the vast majority of it which you can see on our website are really [Fanny and Freddy May] US government agencies so they’re all AAA. If you look at the commercial mortgage-back piece where you’ve got a combination of AAA and AA most of the commercial, I’d say probably 75% of the commercial is really what we would call super AAA and if you look at a structure of a traditional commercial mortgage-back deal, there’s three categories right now of AAA. There’s a AAA piece called the super which has a 30% subordination. There’s a second piece of AAA which has 24% and then the final one is down around 14% or 15%. The only ones that we buy are the ones with the 30% subordination. And then if you notice on our website we’ve got a very small amount of commercial that’s rated AA and then a little tiny single slice of $15 million piece rated B AA. So when you look at our total commercial mortgage-back portfolio of $2 billion we think we’re in extremely good shape.  
Joshua Shanker – Citigroup:  The underlying is AAA, it’s not AAA because it has a wrapping, it’s underlying AAA. 
Michael O’Reilly:  Correct and this is not really like what happened to a lot of the sub-prime issues where the underlying collateral turned out to be worthless and so it was really the insurance wrap and the structure of it that got you a AAA rating or whatever the rating was. In the commercial market the underlying collateral is not going to be worthless and so there’s a lot more stability inside the structure of a commercial deal than there was in some of these residential deals. 
Joshua Shanker – Citigroup:  And there’s one final thing, I just thought I heard as a throw away comment John said that the 2002 and prior accident years are proving to be favorable at this point? 
John Finnegan:  Yes. 
Joshua Shanker – Citigroup:  Okay thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers 
Jay Gelb – Lehman Brothers:  Thanks and Mike I want to extend my congratulations again, if I could touch first on the commercial mortgage-back security portfolio, how much of that, or do you have vintage years for that? 
Michael O’Reilly:  I don’t have the specific breakdown in front of me Jay but the stuff that we bought recently lets say ’05 and going forward has really been in that super AAA category. We’ve been in a mortgage-backed area for a long time, sort of going back into the early 1990s and back then the structures were much more solid, we were actually buying B AA rated paper back then but the recent vintages have been in that super AAA category and anything that’s not rated AAA is really going to be prior to 2005. 
Jay Gelb – Lehman Brothers:  Okay Mike I guess another question for you on the buy back if you finish the current authorization, that’s 26 million shares versus the 42 million you repurchased in ’07 even though you’re buying back another significant portion of the company in 2008 potentially it’s still a lot smaller than what you bought back in 2007. Is there a reason for that or should we expect maybe for you to put up another authorization toward the end of the year.  
Michael O’Reilly :  Well if you remember back in 2007 it was in December of 2006 the Board authorized $1 billion share repurchase for 2007 and then in the early part of the year we decided to issue $1 billion hybrid and use the proceeds of that to buy back the shares also. So that’s really why you’ve got the $2 billion in ’07 because we added the hybrid. We don’t have any plans right now to issue any more hybrid securities and so we’re really buying this back at a current income and if you think about what we’re really doing is that we’ve got about $500 million of interest and dividends to cover and so were basically going to return along with the $1.5 billion buy back about $2 billion to investors. We think that’s a pretty big slug and as we’ve mentioned in the past we’re balancing off the multiple constituencies that we’re dealing with. We want to provide enough capital to grow the business. We want to make sure we’ve got enough capital to be flexible. We want to keep the rating agencies happy. We value our credit ratings a lot and we also recognize that shareholders want the excess capital returned and that’s really what we’ve done. We’ve returned a lot of capital over the last couple of years and we’re going to continue to do that. 
Jay Gelb – Lehman Brothers:  And two other quick ones, first on the surety book, that was the one area that you didn’t touch on based on the potentially slowing economy here. Do you have any concerns there about less profitability and then could you also touch on what your plans are long term for your stake in Allied World given that another major investor has sold their stake back to the company. 
Michael O’Reilly:  Let me talk about Allied World and then Tom will make a couple of comments on surety. We started Allied World back after 911 with Goldman Sachs and AIG and we each owned roughly about 20% of it. Obviously as you pointed out AIG has now sold most of their investment back to the company. We don’t have any current plans to do anything. Obviously we’re not in a situation where we want to be a minority investor in Allied World forever but in the meantime the company is doing a very good job. We think the stock is very favorably priced and so you might see us reduce our shares on an opportunistic basis but right now we’re quite comfortable with the holding. 
Thomas Motamed:  On your surety question, as of now the economic slowdown has not impacted our surety business. As you know the surety business is a lumpy business, it’s volatile. But we think we have a really good book. Our construction customers in particular are not highly leveraged or dependent on bank credit so they’re pretty solid folks. I’d say number one they have good margins in their backlogs, meaning they have multi year projects so they’re going to generate positive results for the next couple of years. In the event the economy slows some more, there’ll be less new work which will affect them in the future but that’s not right now. I’d also say that the Public Works business continues to be strong and 70% to 80% of our business is in the Public Works sectors. So right now it looks pretty good growth, over time may slow and we’ve kind of budgeted for that in ’08 that we expect the slowdown in growth but the business looks pretty good.  
Jay Gelb – Lehman Brothers:  Thanks for the answers. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dan Johnson 
Dan:  I’ve got two questions please, I know we’ve been talking a little bit around the D&O limits or let’s just call them professional liability limits, can you talk a little bit about the aggregate reinsurance protection you have, whether you do that on a per policy basis, whether you’ve got an aggregate limit for that book and then I have a follow up question please. 
Johnson:  I’ve got two questions please, I know we’ve been talking a little bit around the D&O limits or let’s just call them professional liability limits, can you talk a little bit about the aggregate reinsurance protection you have, whether you do that on a per policy basis, whether you’ve got an aggregate limit for that book and then I have a follow up question please. 
Michael O’Reilly:  We mentioned a couple of years ago that we had eliminated our reinsurance treaty related to Professional Liability and so our gross equals net right now. Now that doesn’t mean on an occasional basis for a particularly large risk we might not purchase some [inaudible] of reinsurance but we don’t have any treaty business so I think you should really think about what we write gross is what we keep net. 
Dan Johnson:  What year did that program end? 
Michael O’Reilly:  I believe 2005. 
Dan Johnson :  And then the other question, I’m sorry if you already mentioned this but the guidance for next year, I’m confused as to is that assuming any or no prior period reserves development. 
Thomas Motamed:  Our guidance doesn’t include any specific amount of favorable because we have a guidance range and it can accommodate different mixes of individual SB performance as well as different mixes of current accident year results and past accident year development. However if you look at the individual business lines I think it would be fair to say that the projected 2008 combined ratio range for Professional Liability would likely require a significant amount of favorable development. On the other hand no favorable development would be necessary to attain the combined ratios in the commercial and personal lines guidance range. And finally importantly achieving our earnings guidance range overall is not dependent on further favorable development at Chubb Re. 
Dan Johnson :  Okay and as we went through a bunch of those quick, so which one did you, which of the four segments was the one that probably…. 
Thomas Motamed:  Professional Liability if you look at the numbers would suggest that to reach those numbers we will have to have a certain amount of favorable development. 
Dan Johnson:  Got it, great, thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Small - Bear Stearns 
David Small – Bear Stearns:  Yes thanks, good evening, could you just maybe give us a little more detail on the management liability segment, maybe could you give us some, Travelers gave us some good disclosure earlier today, maybe just you could help us with financial institution, premiums for the management liability segment and maybe some claims information, how many notices have you gotten to date, maybe something along those lines. 
John Degnan:  We generally don’t disclose the actual number of claims we receive or the limits profile that they would implicate but I think you should assume that our experience in claims is not too dissimilar from what Travelers reported today in terms of the number of claims and policies that are implicated. About 25% of the policies are primary about 75% are excess, but very encouraging to us is the fact that about half of all the policies that are implicated so far are Side A only and as you know that Side A is less likely to be implicated where it is a securities fraud class action case. Side A is triggered only where the company is unable or unwilling to indemnify. In a derivative action typically the company may not be able to indemnify so that a Side A coverage of its primary would come in for defense costs on a derivative. But most of the credit crisis claims seem to be coming in the form of securities class action cases and there we’re encouraged by the number of policies that we have that are Side A only. Of all of the policies that have been implicated only let’s see, about seven or eight of them have limits more than $10 million so we find that pretty encouraging too. We’re aware of the 41 securities class action cases that have been filed out there that have been publicly reported in places like the D&O diary as I’ve mentioned to you because we’re out of the large money center regional banks and we don’t write a lot for investment banks, we don’t write any E&O for investment banks, we write a little bit of D&O but that often will be Side A, we’re not in several of the really high profile nasty cases, we’re not into country wide cases as far as we know. So all in all, that’s pretty much where we are. Of our premiums that are derived for in CSI from D&O about 52% of them are in public, about 20$ in private D&O coverage’s less likely to be implicated and 15% of them not for profit which are even less likely to be implicated. So those are some of the facts that underlie the sort of analysis we did. 
David Small – Bear Stearns:  And just in terms of the percentage that would come from FI is that something that you’re willing to disclose. 
Michael O’Reilly :  No, we’ve never broken that down that way.  
David Small – Bear Stearns:  Okay, thank you.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Josh Smith 
Josh Smith:  Thanks, all the questions have been answered, I just had a clarification. What is the difference in your basis and your fully diluted weighed average shares outstanding for the quarter and for the year? 
Michael O’Reilly:  We don’t have that number in front of us, the actual number of shares outstanding at the year end was 374.6 million and that compared to 411.3 million at year end 2006. 
Josh Smith:  Right, it’s just over time this has gotten a little hairy with the convert and everything, I’m just, it would make it easier if you just told us what the diluted number was going forward.  
Michael O’Reilly:  There’s not a lot of difference in the earnings per share number between the diluted number and the other number. So you’ve got the diluted number because that’s the number that we publish. 
Josh Smith:  I’ve got the weighted average diluted number; I don’t have the ending shares outstanding diluted number. I don’t have the basic weighted average versus the fully diluted weighted average. 
John Finnegan:  You’ll have to talk to Glen on that, that’s a factual question he can define that. 
Josh Smith:  I can do that, thanks.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities 
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities:  Good evening, just one clarification Mike, I believe you mentioned that approximately $700 million was from favorable development on 2006 prior year for the full year 2007, do you have what the breakdown would be for each of the segment for the full year 2007 up to that $700 million. 
Michael O’Reilly:  Each of the major segments? 
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities:  Yes, CPI, CCI and CSI. 
Michael O’Reilly:  You got $70 million from CPI, $130 million from CCI, $365 million from CSI and $135 million from reinsurance assumed.  
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities:  Great, thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs 
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs:  Quickly on the expense ratio you mentioned that a lot of the up tick is a function of you generating more business overseas, however with the outlook of premium volume kind of flattish to coming down and further pressures from a competitive standpoint, how much are you willing to let that expense ratio drift up before you might take some actions to control that. 
Thomas Motamed:  We’ve been taking a lot of actions, we have, we probably have 20% less people here than we had when I came in beginning of 2003. Our expenses including subsidiaries are down from the 2003 level. I’d say that we expect 2008 expenses to come in about where they came in at 2007 overall. So obviously if we have a significant fall off in premium you have to revisit and how fast you move but we come at it every year, we have been taking out expenses, we had another 2% out last year. So we keep working at it but you know you need some people to do the business and you want to be in a position where you gotta go work at the business these days in the cycle so you want to make sure you have enough people on the front lines. But we work at expenses all the time.  
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs:  Okay so if your international business continues to grow one would expect your expense ratio to continue to climb them holding all else constant.  
Thomas Motamed:  Yes I would say that if mixed, if expense ratio time, [inaudible] part of it is mix of business, personal versus other, commercial and specialty personal has a higher expense ratio, part of it mix of geography and you know certainly our expenses have gone up overseas. It’s a function of the commission rates and some of the very attractive businesses we have are higher but our loss ratios are much lower. We’re willing to live with that. If that’s the only cause of an increase in expense ratio that’s not the issue.  
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs:  Right, no that’s fine, thank you. 
Operator:  Now for closing remarks I’d like to turn it back over to Mr. John Finnegan. 
John Finnegan:  Thank you all for joining us tonight. Have a good evening.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and CEO Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and COO John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer Michael O'Reilly - Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Joshua Shanker - Citigroup David Small - Bear Sterns Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to The Chubb Corporation's Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Before we begin, Chubb has asked me to make the following statements. In order to help you understand Chubb, its industry and its results, members of the Chubb's management team will include in today's presentation forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is possible that actual results might differ from estimates and forecasts that Chubb's management team might make today. Additional information regarding factors that could cause such differences appear in Chubb's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please also note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the prior written consent of Chubb. Replays of this webcast will be available through November 23, 2007. Those listening after October 23, 2007 should please note that the information and forecast provided in this recording will not necessarily be updated, and it is possible that the information will no longer be current. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for joining us today. As you read in our press release, we continue to post record results with operating income per share of a $1.68, up 23% from the third quarter of 2006. We had a record low combined ratio of 81.6%, driven once again by terrific performance in all three strategic business units, each of which posted a better combined ratio this quarter than in the third quarter of last year. This brings our year-to-date operating income to a record $1.9 billion or $4.81 per share, which means we earned more in the first nine months of 2007 than we earned in any full year of our history with the exception of 2006. As you've seen we are raising the midpoint of our 2007 full year guidance for operating income per share by $0.20 to $6.10. This reflects our excellent nine months results and our expectation of continued strong performance in the fourth quarter, tampered only by the uncertain impact of the California wildfires. As a result, we have decided to take the conservative approach of maintaining the four point cat assumption for the year in our guidance, which implies 7.7 points of catastrophe losses in the fourth quarter. I'll talk more about this later. And now, Tom Motamed, will say a few words about our operating results.
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, John. Once again we had a great quarter with $569 million in underwriting income, an increase of 31% over last year's third quarter. We continue to have excellent performance by all three SBUs, as reflected in our combined ratio of 81.6%. CPI and CCI were under 85%, and CSI was well under 80%. Catastrophe losses accounted for 2 points of the combined ratio, and were related primarily to the U.K. floods in July and the Midwest storms in August. We continue to experience very favorable loss trends in all our SBUs, particularly in the professional liabilities classes. Mike will provide more details on this later. But for now, let me note that we had overall favorable development in the third quarter of about a $150 million, improving the quarter's combined ratio by about 5 percentage points. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums grew by 7%. And CPI produced a combined ratio of 83.3% including 5.2 points of catastrophe losses. In last year's third quarter CPI had a combined ratio of 84.1% including 4.1 points of catastrophe losses. In personal auto premiums declined 7% due to the ongoing competitive marketplace but our combined ratio was 91.1%. And other personal lines premiums increased 22% driven by our accident business particularly outside the U.S. The combined ratio for other personal was 99%. CPI's outstanding results were driven by homeowners which accounts for about two thirds of CPI's premiums. Homeowners grew 8% and had a combined ratio of 76.8% including 8 points of catastrophes. Chubb Commercial Insurance also continued to produce great results with our third quarter combined ratio of 84.4% compared to 85.4% last year. CCI had eight-tenths of a point of catastrophes this year compared with seven-tenths a point last year. CCI net written premiums decreased 3% in the third quarter and 1% in the first nine months. In the U.S we retained 84% of business up for renewal in the third quarter with an average rate decrease of 4% and the new to lost business ratio was 0.8 to 1. CSI delivered an outstanding third quarter combined ratio of 76.3% which is 10 points better than last year, driven by strong performance in both professional liability and surety. Professional liability had a combined ratio of 81.8% compared to 91% in last year's third quarter reflecting significant favorable development. Loss trends continued to be excellent, as we realized the benefits of an ongoing favorable loss environment and the underwriting changes we implemented several years ago, including lower limits and a shift towards the middle market. Professional liability premiums declined 4%. In the U.S. third quarter renewal retention was 88%. Average renewal rates were down 6% and the ratio of new to lost business was 1.4 to 1. Net written premiums for our surety business grew 3% and the combined ratio was 30.8%. Before I conclude, I am aware that there are a lot of rumors and anecdotes out there about what's going on in the market. So let me take you through our perspective. As I indicated our third quarter retention rates ran at 84 in commercial and 88 in specialty. Our U.S. rates were down 4% in commercial and down 6% in specialty. To me these rates declines on retained business are what one would expect in a softer market environment. From a new business perspective, competition continues to escalate. Clearly some carriers are willing to offer some quotes that can only be judged as you are responsible. Our new to lost business ratio in the U.S. was below one to one in commercial, reflecting our discipline in today's more competitive market environment. Looking back over the course of the year our rates are down at a few points from the first quarter, retention is about the same and the new business environment has worsened. Putting these all together, I would say that market for us was incrementally more competitive in the third quarter than in the first half of the year but not dramatically so. Chubb is in the enviable position of having a combined ratio 10 points below the industry average. Even at these levels, however, we strive to maintain pricing discipline. Some rate reductions may be warranted on our most profitable accounts, and we give them. Fortunately, our starting point provides us with some latitude to give reasonable price reductions. Turning now to our view of the overall market we would expect an increasingly competitive environment in the fourth quarter. Based on trends we have seen so far this year as well as the customary fourth quarter push by some competitors to meet growth targets. However, any belief by those competitors that protractive [ph] and substantial rate reductions will provide profits in the future is misguided. According to A.M. Best report on the top 25 U.S. property and casualty companies, this is an industry whose average combined ratio in the first half of this year was over 93. And that was a benign cat period and before 2007 rate reductions are fully flowed through to their bottom line. At some point, carriers will recognize the obvious mathematics that a couple of more years of 5% to 10% rate reductions will turn underwriting profits into losses. Moreover not all carriers are starting in the same place and some have less run way than others for continued rate reductions over time. And now I'll turn it over to John Degnan.
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Thanks Tom. I want to address this afternoon three subjects, the California wildfires, sub-prime lending, and prospects for TRIA extension. First the California wildfires are a catastrophic event that is still developing as this call is underway. All we can give you today is what we know now. The ultimate outcome obviously depends on containment efforts and the weather. We are aware of about 13 fire areas in California. But based on our exposure analysis we are primarily concerned about three of them, Malibu in Los Angeles County and Coronado Hills and Washito in San Diego County. As of now we have only about 25 claims but based on the presence of insured locations and the potentially impacted areas we are deploying an adjuster force which would accommodate a higher number of claims. It is obviously not possible based on the uncertain paths of fires to quantify or even project what our loss will turn out to be. Our immediate priority is gearing up to meet the expectation of our insurers and our producers and to deliver the quality claim service we are known for. Turning now to sub-prime. Because of our underwriting practices over the last several years we do not believe we have any substantial exposure for those institutions engaged in sub-prime lending. Or from mortgage brokers who may have E&O exposure based on their involvement in those transactions. There is of course an expanding array of companies which may be pulled into litigation as the sub-prime lending allegations broaden beyond those directly involved to others such as home builders, rating agencies and entities involved in securitization. Even including that broader categories the number of claims received so far by us has been quite modest. Moreover, there are a couple of factors which would tend to limit our exposure. As mentioned by Tom we have been providing lower limits than in the years 2002 and prior. And almost all of the policies potentially implicated by these claims attach at access layers minimizing our exposure to defense costs. Finally regarding TRIA extension after the events of last week we continue to believe that TRIA will be renewed shortly. As you know the House passed a 15-year extension which includes NBCR and unfortunately a post event funding contingency which would make it very difficult to administer from the insurance perspective. Last Wednesday, the Senate Banking Committee passed its own TRIA extension bill by vote of 20 to 1 reflecting agreement between Chairman Dodd and ranking minority member Shelby. If we change [ph] the $100 million trigger, extends TRIA for seven years and includes domestic terrorism. Language clarifying the industry's liability cap is included as well. Unlike the House bill, NBCR is not included. We assume that this committee bill will get a strong Senate vote. It then must be reconciled with the House bill which in addition to NBCR includes a 15 year revenue rather than 7 year extension. We believe that a reason of both bills will emerge from that conference in a form which will allow the President to sign. And now I'll turn it over to Michael O'Reilly.
Michael O'Reilly - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John. In addition to terrific underwriting income in the third quarter, property and casualty investment income after tax increased by 10%. Property and casualty invested assets increased to $37.6 billion as of September 30, 2007 from $35.3 billion at year end 2006. Our fixed income portfolio remains heavily weighted in tax exempt funds and has an average duration of approximately 4.4 years. The unrealized depreciation in the fixed income portfolio at the end of the third quarter was $123 million. Book value per share under GAAP at September 30, 2007 was $37.12 compared to $33.71 at year end 2006. Book value per share calculated with available for sale fixed maturities at amortized cost was $36.93, compared to $33.38 at 2006 year end. Tom mentioned the impact of favorable loss development in the third quarter. We estimate that favorable development on prior year loss reserves by SBU was as follows. We had about $15 million of favorable development in CPI, about $20 million in CCI and about $85 million in CSI, nearly all of it in professional liability. We also had about $30 million in reinsurance assumed, bringing the total favorable development to about $150 million for the quarter. For comparison, in the third quarter of 2006, we had about $40 million of favorable development for the company overall, including adverse development of about $5 million in CPI and $15 million in CCI, and favorable development of about $40 million in CSI and $20 million in reinsurance assumed. During the third quarter of this year, our loss reserves increased by a $172 million. Reserves and reinsurance assumed which is now in run-off declined by $65 million. Reserves in the insurance business increased by $237 million, including approximately a $135 million related to currency fluctuation. The expense ratio for the third quarter was 29.8 versus 28.6 in the third quarter of last year. This increase was due largely to two factors. One, higher commissions attributable mainly to premium growth outside the U.S. in certain classes of business for which commission rates are high. And two, somewhat higher operating expenses on lower net premium. Turning to capital management. During the third quarter of 2007, we repurchased 10.2 million shares at an aggregate cost of $519 million. Under the current authorization as of September 30th, there was 7.9 million shares available for repurchase. Depending on our marketing conditions, our intention is to complete this repurchase of all these shares by the end of the year. Before I pass it back to John Finnegan, let me address a question that I am sure is on your mind. As I mentioned in our second quarter conference call, our investment portfolio has not had, and does not have any direct exposure to either sub-prime mortgages or collateralized debt obligation. In that context, let me address for a moment our alternative investment portfolio, which was valued at $1.9 billion at September 30, 2007 and represented about 5% of our total investment portfolio. We have been in the alternative space for many years. Its portfolio is well diversified and is being constructed to take advantage of broad global economic trends. Portfolio is made up almost entirely of limited partnerships, including private equity, both in and outside the United States, distressed debt in Asian real estate. Most of these partnerships are with investment managers with whom we have long-term relationships. Unlike many of our competitors, we do not include mark-to-market valuation changes in operating income, but rather include them in realized gains or losses. The significant capital gains we have realized over the past several years are mainly attributable to these investments. Our alternative investments have performed very well during the period of stress in the markets. Since mark-to-market changes in our alternative investments are booked on a one quarter lag because of the timing of our receipt of valuation data from the investment managers, the numbers you see reflect performance in the three months ended June 30th. While we don't know exactly what will be reported to us for the third quarter, the information that we have currently suggests that these investments performed well. And now I'll turn it back to John Finnegan.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me make a few concluding remarks about the results. Needless to say, we're thrilled with Chubb's performance, spectacular earnings for the third quarter in the first nine months reflect both strong performance in the current accident year, due to our ability to maintain underwriting discipline in a competitive market, and favorable development largely related to the recognition of the increasingly positive loss trends we have been experiencing in prior accident years. Based on our excellent results for the first nine months and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are increasing our guidance for operating earnings per share to a range $6.05 to $6.15. It's important to recognize that in revising guidance, we have decided to maintain our 4% cat assumption for the year, which implies a high 7.7% cat level for the fourth quarter. This fourth quarter cat assumption is not based on actual losses to date in California, but on the fact that we have insured in some of the potentially affected areas. Given the uncertain impact of these fires, we thought that it made sense to maintain our current cat assumption for the year, rather than speculate on the level of fourth quarter cats. The strength of our operating performance is reflected in the fact that despite the 7.7 point assumed cat level, we are still projecting fourth quarter earnings of a $1.24 to a $1.34 per share. In terms of the sensitivity analysis, a 1 point difference between actual and assumed cat levels in the fourth quarter would have a $0.05 per share impact on operating income. To sum up, this was our fourth consecutive record quarter with the lowest combined ratio in Chubb's history. For the first nine months, each of our SBUs made a very substantial contribution to our profitability with combined ratios of 82.6 for CPI, 85.9 for CCI, and 78.3 for CSI. Underwriting income was $1.6 billion. P&C investment income after tax was up 9%. Net income was $2.2 billion, including operating income of $1.9 billion. Through our share repurchase programs, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders, and are well on our way to completing all currently authorized repurchases by the end of the year. And adjusted book value per share grew 11% during the first nine months to $36.93 at September 30th. We had the best first nine months in Chubb's history, and we expect to be back to you in three months with a report of our fifth consecutive year of record performance. With that I will open the line to your questions. Operator. Operator? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Jay Gelb [Lehman Brothers].
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. The fires you are most focused on the California and that one a little fast. There was Malibu and then I believe two others?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it was Washito in San Diego County and Coronado Hills in San Diego County as well.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And can you give us a sense John of the efforts you have made over the years to reduce the brushfire exposure in California given the history of that loss exposure in the state?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I will let Tom speak to that.
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I think, after the Oakland fires many years ago, we have really done a great job mapping our individual exposures in personal lines as well as commercial. And we have monitored that pretty well. The fact that wildfires are by nature a catastrophic is very difficult to manage from an underwriting standpoint, but we think we have done a pretty good job on that. Obviously, we buy reinsurance for catastrophes, so we feel pretty good about our reinsurance program. But fires of this proportion if you cut down most of the brush, things are still going to burn. And quite honestly, these fires jump and their sparks going everywhere. So, we think we have done a good job, time will tell. But California is not a huge state for us in homeowners. But in particular, these territories that John mentioned to have a concentration of high net worth individuals.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Just following up on the fires. Can you recall where your reinsurance attaches for California? And also the last large brushfires were in 2003, I don't know if you recall how large Chubb's losses were in '03 from the fires?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Yes, I think that was $38 million Jay, it's in that neighborhood. And this would... the cat treaty that would apply here would be our normal cat treaty. We've got initial $350 million retention, and then it goes up towell over a $1.3 million for this risk. We have also got a property for risk reinsurance treaty that we protect this against commercial losses. And that's a $515 million treaty, excess over $25 million initial retention. And then there is a couple of other little treaties that interact. There is a personal lines treaty which deals with homeowners' losses above $12 million for an event. And then there is an art schedule which would also kick in above $2 million for individual fine arts that were scheduled that way. So, that our retentions are... you know are basically what they are. But in terms of anything going above that, we are pretty well protected.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, it's property for risk treaty $25 million per loss.
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Per loss, yes, right.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: 25 million per loss in the property for risk.
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Right.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Retention is $25 million per loss.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Per loss, okay. And then separately on the sub-prime D&O, if I recall correctly, before 2002 there was some significant contract extensions in terms of blended programs, investment bank, E&O, lenders' liability, limits per account were much higher. Can you talk about the shifts you have made and pulling back in those areas and how that might minimize sub-prime D&O and E&O exposure?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. First of all it's... there were also multiyear contracts back in the bad old days to 2002 and prior. I mean the market had basically begun to hell in a hand basket and was reflected both in pricing and terms and conditions. Since then as we described to you several times that we have executed a strategy of migrating a good part of the book toward the middle market, rather than the Fortune 200. We attach at higher access layers more so than we did in 2002 and prior. We therefore exposed ourselves to defend cost much frequently than we did. In the prior... the limits are much smaller now than they were then. The Chubb limits then were $25 million less than on a program, but because we acquired exactly the risk in '99 we had an aggregation of risk on a lot of those 2002 prior accounts which had us exposed to $50 million or $75 million and on the larger accounts. We also had overlapping coverage between D&O and fiduciary by and large in underwriting strategy. Now we've tried to either make them linked coverages so that they... if you pay under one you don't have to pay under the other or we disciplined ourselves and not aggregating our exposure by writing them both with aggregated exposures. With the whole host of things this suggests the marketplace is very different today. We made a big and fortuitous decision on the underwriting side to get out of the mortgage brokers program which was a national program that we ran for several years which frankly I think will trigger a significant number of losses once they get pulled into the litigation orbit. Their claims made policies so we got to offer them, somebody else but on them and those losses will begin to emerge happily in somebody else's book, but not ours. So we're pretty pleased and I think Tom spoke on the underwriting side. Get a lot of compliments from us on the claim side about managing the underwriting risk here in a way to make this great manageable exposure.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: And now we'll move on to Cliff Gallant.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good afternoon. Good quarter.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I just want to confirm that on the D&O policy. There are claims made so I'd assume the net, year-to-date loss ratio in professional line does fully reflect your estimate of, what your exposure is?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think... our reserves are IBNR and our case reserves reflect what our estimate of what our exposure will be including the emerging claims in sub-prime category.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And have you seen a drop in claims notices with equity market rebound, over the last six to eight weeks?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have actually through the year seen a significant decline in what we call, severity claims which are those primarily in D&O financial institutions, E&O lines and these are claims I think I have explained before that we closed severe not because of a dollar amount but because they come out of securities class action or reach of fiduciary duty or mergers and acquisitions, accounting re-statements. Those have traditionally been the types of claims in this line that really drive our loss cost. And as I said we have seen a very significant decline in a number of those claims through the first nine months of 2007. The industry seems something of a decline as well, little bit of an uptick for the industry in the last month or two, we haven't seen anything noticeable about that, but we think between managing our own books and the trends we are in good shape there.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And of course you got to tell us who that some one else's who picked up the national program for the mortgage brokers?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In the old days we would have but now I am tempted, but I won't.
Clifford Gallant - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Vault [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. I guess sticking with a theme of securities litigation cases could you give some commentary on the Stone Ridge Partners versus Scientific Atlanta case, it was just heard before the Supreme Court, your perspective on it, secure handicap, would that be... the outcome of that will be great. But were it to be decided in favor of the petitioners, a huge deal from your perspective for securities litigation cases.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is a case with significant potential impact on the litigation climate out there. I wouldn't hesitate to handicap, we're going to win the case I think by virtue of an analysis of the arguments and a number of questions came from the justices. It was a closely divided court in the central bank case. But some of those on the wrong side of that decision are off the court justice, Chief Justice Roberts and the other new Justice I think tend to lean toward businesses side in this kind of issue. But essentially what's at risk here is that the companies are on aiding and abetting theory will be pulled into litigation orbit. Notwithstanding the fact that they made no representations to the investing public on which there could be reasonable reliance to further the kind of scheme that was at risk there. This is not a wrong without a remedy. The SEC clearly has the right to go after those companies and Congress has ratified that, not many years ago. The question here is what the civil liability should attach on litigation system. Notwithstanding Congress' clear intent we think to put that power into the SEC, but not into the litigation arena. Should the court go the wrong way and allow an aiding and abetting theory it will lead to more litigation against more companies, I suppose from an underwriting perspective we'll sell more D&O as a result of that. And if we do our underwriting well, we'll contain our losses. But all in all, we rather not see or insurers get stuck with an expanding degree of liability. I think most of the commentators I have read taking the transcript and the questions in their entirety are fairly positive about the likelihood of a good outcome although I have not read enough transcripts of oral arguments to know it. It's hard to make a definitive prediction.
Unidentified Analyst: To or in the timing I am fearing the usual length of time for the Supreme Court to come back.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It can take anywhere from three to nine months. They usually do a pretty good job at deciding all the cases before the term ends which wouldn't be until next June. What I suspect given the relative clarity of the questions here and the importance of the issues and the fact that the Solicitor General came in on the side of the defendant companies that I hope will see decision within three or four months.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for that. And other one much shorter, when was it that the Chubb got off the E&O, the national E&O program for mortgage brokers?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: About three years ago.
Unidentified Analyst: Three years. Thanks very much
Operator: Then we'll move on to Josh Shanker.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Good evening.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good evening.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: My first question involves the retentions you talked about 84% and 88% retention in the commercial and specialty. Of the new business that you have been writing is the character similar to the legacy book? Are you finding some niche areas that are more attractive and how competitive is the pricing for new business that you are out seeking?
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: From an underwriting strategy standpoint, we are under... we are going after the same things. We have been going after for years. Really no change there. Probably the only exception is in the wholesale area we're writing more what we would call a program business which are aggregations of individual risk that are homogenous. So we are writing more business there. That would be a difference but clearly it's the same underwriting strategy the same niches. In some cases, we do what we call an adjacency to something we are already doing today. But for your purposes, it's the same stuff we have been doing for a long time. New business no surprise, it's more competitive and we are writing business that we think is profitable at the rates we're writing it at. Now the fact of the matter is we are definitely seeing a more competitive marketplace as people go after new business, and we're being a lot more cautious about the volume of new business that we write as reflected in commercial where it's 0.8 to 1 net to lost. So we're watching what's out there. If we can price it right we'll write it but I would say we are writing it at a discount compared to the renewal book. But when you're starting with combined ratio in the low to mid 80s you got a little room to do that.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And the second question, would be at all possible to give any color into the vintages surrounding favorable development that you've been experiencing?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Well, we could take the big one which is professional liability right and that's... I think the good news is no adverse development on the old years and basically 2003 to 2005 is the favorable development. Mike, you talked of reinsurance assumed.
Michael O'Reilly - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Reinsurance assumed which is in run-off and we had some favorable development last year. We've got some more this year. So yes I mean it's... when we're not seeing any adverse development at all now in professional liability in the 2002 and prior years. So what we're... the favorable development we are seeing is really 2003 and forward.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Well. Thank you very much.
Operator: And moving on to David Small.
David Small - Bear Sterns: Yes. Good afternoon. Just a follow up to something you just said. On the program business could you just quantify how big Chubb's program business is?
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: We usually don't give that number out. It's growing very nicely I can tell you that. It's very profitable but it's really relatively new endeavor for us, over probably the last three years. Part of that business is driven by managing general agents and wholesalers but we have never given a number out of that.
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: One thing we have said, in recent call is that we've been doing more business with Star Aviation, and that's been a sort of a growing area for it, but in realm of things, it's not a huge part of our business.
David Small - Bear Sterns: Okay, and then you talked about earlier the very favorable loss trends that you've seen. Have we gone to the point though now where actual price declines are going down faster than the benefits you're seeing on the loss ratio... on the loss trend side?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, if you took... you got different lines of business but if you took our overall business the answer is a little but really not much to see. I mean but let's take personal lines is obviously not in homeowners is a subject of the same cyclical issues, and it's a separate price declines. But we took CCI for example, the commercial business. Our accident year, ex-cat results in this quarter were about three points less favorable than they were last year. So you are seeing some margin compression in commercial and ever rated to believe that given rates of decline of 4% that you're going to continue to see some, not as much as one might have expected for rate declines over the last three years, but you've seen it. And CSI, of course we had such favorable loss trends, and such favorable developments that it hasn't been an issue. CPI again not subject to the same fluctuation. So not a big deal, if you look at the whole thing, on this accident year versus last accident year, an initial picking from the last year, you really are talking about 1.7 points higher combined ratio, accident year, and if you want ex-cat a 0.5 point higher. So some especially in commercial where you expected but not dramatic yet, so would be.
David Small - Bear Sterns: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will move on to Mr. Josh Smith.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi thanks for the question. On the fires 7.7 ahead of the four estimated for the year you're talking about an incremental $120 million estimate for the fire should it be tripled which you had in '03. It appears conservative given you're less than 1% market share, but I guess you are saying is much that you're just being conservative at this point?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think we're saying two things. One, we're not 7.7 isn't picked by us. We're just saying in the absence of an ability to project we're going to keep our cat assumption where it is the 4 for the year that implies 7.7. You also have other things that could happen during the year, so the hurricane season. But I would say though that I don't think we should necessarily use the last one as the... as a benchmark. I mean it depends where it hits. There are a few spots where this hurricane could hit, but we have higher insured than --
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Fire.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Fire, I am sorry. You've got in a hurricane kit. We have higher insureds, higher play tones and then we are the last one hit. But then again it depends where the wind goes and then what happens in the fire. So, don't know but I mean we don't necessarily excel to say at a 38 million is as high as they can get. We don't know what the industry event will be. We have low market share but we do have some high priced homes in some of these areas.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on the... thank you for that answer... and then on the reserve development several quarters in a row, now you have exceptionally favorable development. Have you started to bring... you mentioned professional liability, so am I to assume you're sort of taking down the longer tail line and is not just short tail positive development? And could you give us some color on the IBNR as a percent of total reserves?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What we have said is the favorable development is basically related to the 2003 and 2005 accident years. Now to go back over the last couple of years, the evolving situation was two to three years ago. We used the adverse development in 2002 and prior and the subsequent year for it to mature. Now we're seeing... then we saw an interim stage where we had favorable development on 2003 and 2004 partially, though largely offset by adverse development in 2002 and prior. Then we saw a more favorable development in subsequent years partially offset by prior and now in a way we have the best of all worlds for a time being which is favorable on 2000 through 2005 and at least this quarter and it looks like a trend we no longer see... have been seeing adverse development on the 2002 and prior.
Unidentified Analyst: I am sorry. Did you... have you provided the IBNR percentage of total reserves?
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: It's in the 10-Q.
Unidentified Analyst: It's in the Q. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll move on to Matthew Himerman [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good evening everyone. Quick follow-up on the fires. I guess I would be curious as to what the average replacement value of the homes in those areas, is just to put into context the conservativeness you are guiding us to?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: Well we don't have that number but most of our policies as you know provide extended replacement cost which is we don't cover the cost of rebuilding on the site, the house in the same reasonable condition it was... to build a new. So I don't have and I don't know whether you do it. An insured value average for a house there would be well over the lot.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Three different areas and you're also taking living cost, I mean variety of things, where there is some potential, it's not a big commercial area but there's some commercial losses. And it's not... our point is that no real way of a value aided at this point in time and got to no result yet. We haven't seen where the fires have gone. I mean as John said we have only had a few claims, but that was pretty early and depends where the fires go.
Unidentified Analyst: No, that's right. I just was trying to get a read on the... if you see some of these more of a [multiple speakers]
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The big homes.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, right. I just was trying to get indication of the magnitude of this severity.
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: What you need to remember is our market is the high net worth market. So, these are people with considerable assets. They have very nice homes, the best neighborhoods that kind of thing. And as John mentioned, if there are... if there is significant damage or it's a total, you also have additional living expense which can be used... can be considerable in these.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Now that's helpful. I guess, the other question I had was just in terms of the market environment, if you could just opine on terms and conditions.
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I would say that if you look at the commercial business, the only thing we are seeing happening on terms and conditions is what we would call people throwing in supplements or increasing quake or flood. They are not charging for it, they are putting it in there, so that they can retain as much of the premium as possible, but no major erosion in commercial. I think if you look at the professional liability business, commercial D&O is what's getting hit the most on the rate side. E&O seems to be pretty stable on terms and conditions, so that is not deteriorating. So, I would say little bit on terms and conditions in commercial really nothing to speak up in specialty. Really at this point a lot of it has to do with just pricing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Jay Cohen.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Just two questions. Some other personal lines, homeowner writers have seen an increase in claims' frequency on the homeowner side. I was wondering what you are seeing there. And then the second question, small number but the surety business had positive losses in the quarter, and I am wondering what drove that.
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: We are not seeing any noticeable change in frequency on homeowners ourselves.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: okay.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And surety, I think is one recovery and it doesn't take... it doesn't hit many millions with the basis at that high.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so recovery then --
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, it's no loss and one recovery basically.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go now to Ian Gutterman.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Hi guys. I was hoping if you could just give us an update on how you are thinking about capital structure. I think the premium to surplus was under 0.93 which is the lowest spending as long as I can remember. You're also buying back a ton of stocks, so it's not like you are not trying. But even in the face of all that, it still keeps going down, and I guess, I am just wondering how you are thinking about giving a little bit more leverage into the company to get just sustained returns as the market softens. Is it more buyback? Is it dividend? Is it you think there is growth opportunities we are not seeing right now, small acquisitions on the table? I am just kind of curious how you are thinking about that.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ian, I think we've done a pretty good job on the share repurchases. And I think we certainly have taken into account what we know as the investor appetite in that area. We first have to complete the remainder of our current repurchase program at the 2nd or 1st December. At the end of the year, we will revisit our capital position, our earnings expectation for 2008, rating agency requirements and investor requirements. I want to get to the board, but given the current outlook we should have sufficient capital to satisfy all of these constituencies. We have said in the past that we are not greatly interested in acquisitions but I think that continues to be our position. We recognize the desire for proven capital management especially relates to share repurchases. So, we are definitely... we'll take it into consideration. And in terms of your question on premium to surplus I will just say that two things. One, the days of the 1.5 to 1 are over, I mean the cap rate agencies have changed their capital requirements greatly. The second thing is that in terms of comparison I just saw an A.M. Best sheet that showed that the some industry data and the average in the industry was 0.9 to 1. So I mean we are not really that at aligned, when we were kind of in line. And the third I think is when you are in a soft market premium to surplus tends to be a little bit lower than it is at other times because rating agencies charge capital on reserves and assets. And when the market in the first three years of a market slowdown, our premiums flatten out, reserves grow, I think also have grown about $5 billion over the last three years and assets growth. So you tend to under their sophisticated capital requirement... you tend to see for that period of time are lower than ongoing rate of premium to surplus. The market picked up again and became hard, you see exactly the opposite thing. So what I want to keep in mind is we are focusing our capital management, 0.9 to 1 isn't really aligned with the competition. The low levels you've seen in the industry are basis of how the capital models work in a soft market. But we are balanced to consideration of the constituency and we'll certainly take a hard look at year end.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, I totally understand my 1.5 to 1 isn't feasible anymore. Can you give me sort of a sense of what are new... I mean is 1 in a quarter feasible under the right market conditions or?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What I... it depends on the market. What I would say is 0.9 to 1 is probably I should see by us in the industry where in the beginning of a soft market that most companies feel comfortable to be but also stocks... continuing to buyback stock. If the market hardened you would see that reverse. That's certainly not the ongoing level over the whole cycle. I mean for sure it's not that low. It's just that you see artificially low premium to surplus in a soft market artificially high, in a hard market mostly related to the relationship between premium and reserves. I think that's where you have to look. Now over time if the soft market continues you obliviously see a platonic of reserve growth and platonic of asset growth. You will see... you will see the premium to surplus sort of flatten out or come back up a little but I'll take a hard market to pick it up considerably.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. And looks like you're not suggesting that share purchase is inadequate, you don't lot is [ph]. I guess I just look at it, like you said what the industry being that low, usually part of the reason the market gets softer is because premium to surplus is that low and everyone feels that could have capital burning a hole in their pocket and they don't know what to do with it. So I guess that's why to me it feels 0.9 to 1 for the industry is to be honest an extra sign for the condition of the market.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Because of the capacity issue you mean.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Right, right. That's why it's kind of getting out there is anything new you are thinking about that might be the way to deploy capacity or is that what you see... that you think the industry needs to do to deploy capacity. So we don't get into the same cycle as in the past?
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are focusing on executing in the niches we are in, focus on growing organically and we have taken into consideration the appetite of our investors, so for prudent capital management.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: And we'll take our question from Peter Suisse [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys good quarter. Just had a couple of follow ups. Just trying to learn little bit more about the situation in California and kind of what states we are in. The first one being... do you have any idea how many claims the industry has experienced so far? I know you said that you have experienced 25?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: That was as of about 3 o'clock this afternoon. We have no idea what the industry is experiencing. We have seen the same market share data you have but without knowing where it is and which way it travels, we'd be wildly speculative to go beyond what we have said.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then just trying to compare the little bit relative to the '03 on experience. Do you have any idea how many claims did the industry experience back in '03 and then also how many claims did you experience back in '03?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: I don't have those numbers.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I want to hit the same exact spot but I don't think that you can really make the comparison?
John J. Degnan - Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer: I'd echo what John said earlier. I would caution you against using that '03 experience as a starting point in the analysis here. Could turn out to be a different event.
Michael O'Reilly - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: This is Mike O'Reilly. An awful lot of what's going to happen here will depend upon the wind direction and the velocity of the wind because you've got an environment were the brush is dry, and there hasn't been a fire here in these areas for many years. And so it could be quite flammable but if the wind basically sort of levels out... this thing could Peter out and not much happening. So I mean it's... and if you go look at the weather map, the weather channel and the what's on the news media you got to be careful as you look at it because one house could burn to the ground and next house next door is less standing. So it's really hard at this point to get a handle on it.
Thomas F. Motamed - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: I amdelighted to see the CFO becoming a claims guy by the way.
Unidentified Analyst: And do you guys plan to update us during the quarter as you learn about what kind of losses you experienced?
Michael O'Reilly - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I mean, we'll evaluate how this thing develops and we'll make an appropriate decision at that point. We... I think we always follow a pattern of keeping investors and analysts informed as to and eventually we thought made sense. And we will continue to do that here. But right now we can't commit to exactly what we're going to say what if anything because we don't know what's going to happen.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And Mr. Finnegan, there are no further questions.
John D. Finnegan - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well thank you very much for joining us tonight.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. Have a pleasant day. You may disconnect now.
