===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Chandni Luthra, Global Head of FP&A and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Chandni Luthra: Good morning everyone and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning the macro environment, our business outlook, our business plans and capital allocation strategy and our earnings and cash flow outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to the morning's earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our Chair and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Throughout our remarks, when we cite financial performance relative to expectations, we are referring to actual results against the outlook we provided on our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call in February, unless otherwise noted. Also, as a reminder, our resilient businesses include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, valuations, other portfolio services and recurring investment management fee. Our transactional businesses comprise property sales, leasing, mortgage origination, carried interest and incentive fee in the investment management business and development fees. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Chandni and good morning, everyone. CBRE had a strong start to 2025 across our lines of business and around the world. Notably, as the first quarter ended, most of our businesses were performing better than expected and our new business pipelines were strong. This was equally true for both our resilient and transactional businesses. Since then, driven by uncertainty created by the tariff situation, our outlook has become less clearer. Even in light of this, our current activity levels and new business pipelines continue to be strong, just somewhat less than they were. Looking at our Q1 results, we were particularly pleased with the performance of our Project Management and Building Operations & Experience segments in their first quarter of existence. Both segments generated strong financial results and evidence the type of operational and strategic gains we were hoping for and expected, when we reconfigured the business this way. The gains included shared client access, insights into opportunities for product development and stronger positioning to pursue certain types of M&A. Another notable example that has quickly emerged is the ability to migrate strong leaders into more compelling positions. This is great for our emerging talent and great for CBRE. CBRE's strategy is underpinned by broad and deep capabilities across the dimensions of commercial real estate, asset type, client type, service type and geography. We couple this with a strong balance sheet, strong cash flow and the experience and willingness to invest aggressively. This positioning allows us to drive resources into both steadily growing resilient businesses and high-margin transactional businesses. The current market uncertainty side, we are encouraged by the prospects that our strategic positioning and resource set have created for sustained resilient growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Emma, who will discuss the quarter and our outlook.
Emma Giamartino: Thank you, Bob. First quarter core EBITDA increased 27% and core EPS by 10% compared with last year's first quarter. Recall that last year's Q1 included a large onetime tax benefit. Without that benefit, core EPS grew 39% year-on-year. These strong consolidated results include an approximately 2% to 3% currency headwind in the quarter. To better reflect operating performance, I will reference growth rates and margins in local currency throughout the remainder of my remarks, unless otherwise noted. As Bob noted, we saw strength across our platform as our resilient businesses generated net revenue growth of 17% for the quarter, nearly matching the 18% increase in our transactional businesses. On a trailing 12-month basis, resilient businesses accounted for over 60% of our total SOP. Turning to our segments. Advisory Services had a particularly strong start to the year. Net revenue growth of 16% exceeded expectations, led by strong leasing and capital markets activity. Global leasing revenue growth accelerated to 19% in Q1 from 15% in Q4 of 2024. The U.S. was particularly strong as overall leasing revenue increased 24%, driven by a 38% increase in office leasing revenue which reached its highest level for any first quarter. We saw continued strong activity across gateway markets with each of the six markets delivering greater than 30% growth and over 55% growth in aggregate. At the same time, many non-gateway markets, including Atlanta, Dallas, Houston and Miami, delivered double-digit growth. U.S. retail leasing was also very strong, up 34% and industrial leasing saw 12% growth as third-party logistics companies drove higher demand. Outside the U.S., leasing trends were notably strong in Southeast Asia, especially office leasing in India as well as in certain countries in Europe. Capital markets activity was also strong. Global property sales revenue increased 13%, once again, led by a 26% gain in the U.S. which saw a significant uptick in multifamily and industrial asset sales. Outside the U.S., we saw notable strength in Continental Europe. Our mortgage origination business had another strong quarter with 53% growth in origination fees. U.S. loan origination volume rose 69% led by strong activity from banks and insurance companies on the back of continued outside [ph] growth in refinancing, as well as strong demand for acquisition financing. Overall, advisory SOP rose 31%, delivering strong operating leverage as SOP on net revenue margin increased by more than 200 basis points. In the BOE segment, net revenue grew 22% with strength across facilities management, property management and contributions from Industrious which we acquired at the beginning of this year. In facilities management, the enterprise business saw strong demand from clients in sectors such as technology, life sciences and health care. We also had a particularly strong quarter with hyperscale data center clients. In our local business, revenue grew by double digits, with continued outsized growth in the U.S. as we expand our market share as well as continued strength in the U.K. Strong property management net revenue growth slightly exceeded expectations. This segment is benefiting from enhanced operating leverage, primarily resulting from last year's cost efficiency initiatives. This contributed to 38% SOP growth and 100 basis points of net margin expansion. Turning to the Project Management segment. We have completed the first quarter after combining CBRE's legacy project management business under Turner & Townsend's leadership. Revenue grew 9%, in line with our expectations, with continued mid-double-digit growth from legacy Turner & Townsend and mid-single-digit growth from CBRE legacy Project Management. As we have outlined previously, we expect the integrated project management business to more closely resemble Turner & Townsend's growth and margin profile over time. In the legacy Turner & Townsend business, we had strong wins in infrastructure in the U.K. and Middle East as well as large new program mandates in real estate and the pipeline looks solid. Project management SOP margin on net revenue continued to improve year-on-year, driving SOP growth of 14% and it is noteworthy that this margin does not yet reflect the cost and operating synergies of bringing these two businesses together. In our REI segment, investment management operating profit was up 43% year-on-year, exceeding expectations, primarily driven by higher net promotes and recurring asset management fees. AUM ended Q1 at $149 billion, up about $3 billion since the end of Q4, driven by net inflows, higher asset values and favorable currency movement. Our development operating profit was in line with expectations. We continue to grow our U.S. in-process portfolio, starting 12 projects in the first quarter compared with 26 in all of 2024 and capitalizing an additional 5 deals. Now I'll discuss free cash flow, leverage and capital allocation. Trailing 12 months free cash flow was nearly $1.5 billion, reflecting 93% free cash flow conversion, above the high end of our targeted 75% to 85% range. We repurchased nearly $600 million worth of shares since the end of the fourth quarter, underscoring our commitment to return capital to our shareholders and the unrealized value we see in CBRE shares. In total, we deployed approximately $1 billion of capital year-to-date across M&A, share repurchases and co-investments and ended the quarter with net leverage of less than 1.5 turns. Our capital deployment strategy remains consistent with our historical practice. We prioritize M&A and principal investments into our REI business and we'll balance our spend with share repurchases as long as our share price remains attractive. Absent large-scale M&A or the onset of a recession, we continue to expect to end the year with under 1 turn of net leverage and we are willing to lever up to 2 turns for the right acquisitions. Heading into Q2, our strong Q1 performance, strong pipelines and strong current activity would have prompted us to raise our full year guidance to the high end of the range we set in February. However, given the significant market uncertainty related to tariffs, absent increased interest rate volatility or a recession, we are maintaining our 2025 core EPS guidance range of $5.80 and to $6.10. Given our success in increasing the resilient parts of our business and our strong balance sheet, we are better positioned than ever before to not only weather a recession but to take advantage of the opportunities created in a downturn. With that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone: I think, Bob, you mentioned the pipeline is still strong, just somewhat less than maybe what it was. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color or detail on kind of what's been changing over the last few weeks, whether it's a more wait and see, whether deals have been canceled, maybe whether there are certain regions that stand out as changing the most or business lines? Just any context around some of the more recent changes would be great.
Bob Sulentic: You bet, Tony. And I want to stress, you said it and I want to stress, it's things didn't go from good to bad, things went from really good to not as good. We ended the quarter with strong pipelines. And as we've gone through the better part of April, we've seen really good activity but we have seen some implications of what's going on with the tariffs. So for instance, let's start with capital raising in our investment management business. We raised almost $5 billion in the first quarter. We were surprised that we raised that much. And we ended the quarter with a lot of enthusiasm and some of the capital sources from around the world that invest into our funds and our -- the accounts we manage have slowed down a little. So, our expectations have gone -- by the end of the first quarter had gone beyond where we were going into the year. And I'd say we kind of pulled back roughly consistent with where we were going into the year now. If you look at project management, a lot of activity in project management, a lot of activity and Emma called it out in her comments in things like infrastructure, some big programs and projects around the world. But some corporates now who are uncertain about what's going to happen with them due to the tariffs, whether we might go into a recession, have started to slow down on some of their bigger programs. So we went from a really enthusiastic picture to one where there's some choppiness out there. On leasing, one of the ironies with what's going on right now, industrial outperformed. That wasn't ironic but just the market was good and industrial outperformed and office outperformed by quite a bit. We think industrial is going to come back kind of to where we thought it was going to be going into the year. We don't really think that's going to be the case with office. What we have going on with office right now is two dynamics. One is a scarcity circumstance. And it's not just Park Avenue. It's all over the gateway markets and other big cities in second- and third-tier markets, companies realize that office space is important to them. They realize that there is somewhat of a return to the mean and that they're forcing that in some cases and it's happening on its own in some cases. And as a result, because there hasn't been much new office space created over the last few years for obvious reasons, the office space that's out there is in big demand. And the choppiness that we're now seeing in people's confidence about the economy is really not impacting their enthusiasm for leasing office space that much at this point. So that's the one area where we probably don't see a lot of change. There's some big office leases that have big tenant rep, the people are pulling back a little bit from but we're not seeing a lot of change there. We're continuing to see some good opportunities to capitalize development deals because what's going on now is keeping other capital sources out of the market and we've talked kind of at length over the last couple of years about how when things are like they are now, you can gain real advantage there. So, that's kind of the picture we're seeing out there. Emma, I don't know if there's anything you would add to that?
Emma Giamartino: I think you captured all of it.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, great. And then, I just have a follow-up on project management. Now that it's broken out and combined, I guess, as we look out, this has been an area where you've been pretty confident about the growth and I guess you finish projects and then you have to replace them. And so I guess, like what can we look at as we start to look out the next few years that the replacements are going to be big enough to net to sort of the growth level that you've kind of talked about like kind of in the double digits and stuff here? Like especially given like you said some of these things may pull back a bit. Like is it just the pipeline that you say you have? Or how do we kind of look at that?
Bob Sulentic: It's really important to kind of dissect what's going on with our project management business. So the market is going to be potentially a little slower in some areas for the reasons we've already articulated on our prepared remarks and in the response I gave you to your first question, Tony. But you have to look at specifically what's going on inside CBRE and inside the combined CBRE Turner & Townsend business. We are in the door and doing work for a lot of big corporates that had opportunities that we weren't positioned to execute on because they were big complex projects. We have Trammell Crow Company that sources land sites and can do land development for big projects that we weren't positioned to execute on ourselves. Turner & Townsend had opportunities that they didn't have the talent to execute on. So in the United States, Turner & Townsend did not have a sizable platform. They didn't have the ability to take on certain things. So there's the trajectory of the market and the volume activity broadly defined in the market. There's also the positioning of our combined business that provides just a much better overlay to whatever the market circumstances are than we had previously. And again, we now have -- I think one of the things that's going to surprise people that watch our company over the next couple of years is just how much different that project management business is than it used to be. It's got 15,000 project management, program management and cost consultancy professionals. It's got a huge opportunity that it was lightly penetrating here in the United States. So there's going to be a market circumstance that we're all going to learn about that's going to be impacted to some degree by tariffs in a recession or not. But then there's going to be the business we've built and the trajectory of that combined business relative to what it would have been, had we not combined those businesses. And that's where a lot of our enthusiasm for the growth of that business comes from.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Blouin with Goldman Sachs.
Julien Blouin: Yes. I think you mentioned in the release that you're maintaining guidance absent increased interest rate volatility or recession. I guess, can you give us a sense of what a recession would look like for your earnings? Just given how much higher the mix of resilient businesses are now versus in prior recessions, how much better would your earnings sort of hold up this time around?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. Thanks, Julien. So first, I just want to comment on our guidance. We maintain our guidance. It is -- we do think there's a wider range of outcomes than we thought back in February when we first provided our guidance for the year. And it's difficult to provide specifics but we can frame how we're thinking about where we'll end up on the year. And I do -- these components are really important to acknowledge. First is, absent tariff uncertainty, as Bob alluded to in his remarks, going into the second quarter, given the strong performance in Q1, given the momentum we're seeing in Q2, we would have likely increased our guidance from the range that we set at the beginning of the year. Now we would end up in the high end of our range if we simply flow through our Q1 out-performance. The midpoint of our range would mean something like leasing and capital markets slows down in the back half of the year. And on a downside, it would mean that those transactional revenue slows down even more but we're likely not in a recession. In terms of your question around a recession, it's difficult to frame that because of the severity and degree of a recession can vary significantly. But what we do know is because we are significantly more resilient than we were even a few years ago, definitely more resilient than we were coming out of the GFC. And as a reminder, we're 60% resilient SOP today. Back in 2011, we were roughly 11% -- 20% SOP was resilient; so we've meaningfully increased the resilience of our business. And those -- that resilient profit is growing at a double-digit rate. So today, if you were to put our business through the same type of a recession that we saw in the GFC, our declines would be materially lower. So GFC, our declines were 85% peak to trough. Now it would be less than half that.
Julien Blouin: That's very helpful. And I guess turning to sort of capital markets activity. It sounds like things continue to progress well thus far in April, it's just maybe not quite as strong as they were. What are you seeing maybe in terms of your pipelines of future capital markets activity or broker opinions of value, what is that telling you about where we could trend in the second quarter?
Emma Giamartino: So, I'll speak to what we saw through Q1 and then what we're seeing in the beginning of Q2. Through Q1, with strong capital markets activity, particularly in February, in March, it slowed down somewhat but not to a meaningful degree. And when you got into April, there was somewhat of a pause because of the significant amount of uncertainty but we're not yet seeing any of that impact our transaction activity. So in the first few weeks of April, our investment sales activity is very strong. It's actually accelerated. On the loan origination side, we saw a significant increase in rate locks when the 10-year fell below 4% for a short period of time. So activity is continuing and our pipelines remain very strong. And our belief is as long as rates on the capital market side, the 10-year I'm speaking to, doesn't go above 5%, activity is going to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just two quick ones. So one is just on the project management business, going back to that and I think the comments said the margins do not reflect the cost of operating synergies and so on and so forth. Just curious if you can give us some high-level thoughts on just the margin profile of that business and sort of in this environment, are there any other sort of tools that you could use to protect margins?
Emma Giamartino: So we believe the long-term margin for our entire project management segment should trend towards what the legacy Turner & Townsend project management margins have been which is -- have trended towards the mid- to high-teens range and our legacy project management business has had a margin that's slightly below that. So what you're seeing in our results is the blend of that margin. It's a little below 15%. We think simply through cost synergies, redundancies that you really haven't gone after back-office integration, we'll be able to improve that margin over the next couple of years.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then my second question is just capital allocation, obviously, the buyback in the quarter. Just curious how conversations are going on in the acquisition front in a market like this? Do they sort of die off? Do you become more opportunistic? Any color there would be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Ronald, as it relates -- I think you're talking -- when you say -- you're talking to M&A, right?
Ronald Kamdem: Exactly.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, we have refined and refined our M&A strategy over the past few years. We did a lot of strategy work. We talked about it last year and we have a very clear view as to where we want to do M&A in the business now. And what we're finding is that as the markets remain choppy, the kind of companies that we're interested in, in part, we're interested in because they really like the idea of being part of our platform. And it's our observation in the various conversations we're taking part of now that choppiness builds momentum for us in the M&A work we're doing. And we would expect that to be the case and we would expect the approach we take to M&A to play out nicely in a difficult market. I mean, we've -- I've been around now for multiple downturns. And we always talk about, oh, when things get tough, we'll take advantage of it. And we do to varying degrees. I don't think we've ever been as well positioned to take advantage of a downturn as we are now, because of our balance sheet in part but also because of the success we've had with the kinds of companies that we're interested in acquiring and are interested in being acquired by us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair.
Stephen Sheldon: Maybe starting with Bob, I really appreciate the detailed commentary on Tony's prior question. I wanted to drill down a little more on the industrial leasing outlook. Great to hear about the outperformance there in the first quarter but I would just think it would be tough for clients to make leasing decisions right now with industrial footprints, given all the moving pieces until there's more tariff clarity. So curious if you have any additional color on what you're seeing there, especially later in the quarter and so far in April?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it is tough to give more clarity than we've given. But here's what we think. We think that kind of, as we called it, outperformance in industrial leasing that we saw through the first 90 days of the year is going to come back a little and it's going to come back to where we thought things were going to be. I will say that the uncertainty, we've talked about it at length here what we think is going to happen and how we think it's going to play out. And one of the ways we've concluded that you can look at it is a lot of momentum was with 3PLs. And the reason 3PLs is because the primary users of the space have decided the uncertainty is going to cause them to back off on commitments a little. So they instead lease from the 3PLs, it gives them more flexibility. And then in turn, the 3PLs have to do leases. The lease -- the big leases, the 700,000 square foot and above, have slowed down below that. There's been good momentum and we think we're going to continue to see that but we're not going to see that to the degree that we saw it in the first quarter. And so to be a little redundant here, we're kind of assuming that industrial leasing is going to be back to where we thought it was going to be when we entered the year which is kind of flattish to 2024.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay, got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up for Emma. If we do see macro trends deteriorate, become a bigger headwind, how would you think about managing the cost structure? You obviously had some efficiency initiatives in recent years. I think CBRE always seems to be operating pretty leanly? So there are levers you could pull to support profit trend, I guess, if top line trends do deteriorate.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely. And it's something that we're always planning for and thinking about. And I think we've materially improved our ability to quickly react and take action when we need to around our cost structure and we've always talked about our cost structure being inherently variable. Our commissions move, our commission costs move with revenue or decline with revenue. Our bonuses and profit shares in mostly our transactional businesses flex with revenue. And the other levers we have are typical. Discretionary expenses, we can pull back when we need to; hiring we can pull back if we need to very quickly. We have a lever with recruiting if that's something we think makes sense. But the main point is that we have the ability to act and we've shown that in the past two recessions or downturns for real estate.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe just one last quick -- hiring, I guess, have you -- has CBRE changed hiring plans for the year?
Emma Giamartino: We've not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manus Ebbecke with Evercore ISI.
Manus Ebbecke: This is Manus on for Steve Sakwa. Just wanted to quickly ask about one item and that is currency headwinds. I know you quoted around 2% to 3% of headwinds in the first quarter. The dollar has obviously weakened a little bit since in April, so I wanted to check in and see if you have any thoughts around how currency headwinds potentially may impact the second quarter more than the first quarter? Or what your general outlook is and how that is fitting into kind of like the guidance range?
Emma Giamartino: So, it's obviously very difficult to predict what will happen. But if you just take today's forward curve, those headwinds are pretty much entirely removed. So they would be reversed. They've become tailwinds in the second quarter. But I do want to emphasize that we all know that this is moving very quickly and it's pretty volatile. So it's just difficult to predict what will actually happen over the next 3 quarters.
Manus Ebbecke: Great. I mean, for sure, that makes a lot of sense. Then maybe one follow-up question on capital usage. For -- you obviously used to run, I think, around $600 million worth of share buybacks so far. And we wanted just to see if that has maybe changed? How are you thinking about share repurchases going into the second quarter as obviously the macro environment has changed a little bit?
Emma Giamartino: So our capital deployment strategy has been unchanged for a few years now. We always prioritize M&A and REI co-investment and we're actively looking at a number of deals in our pipeline across both of those pieces. And if those convert, that's what we'll prioritize with our capital. And if we're seeing that there's a slowdown in M&A or REI which we're not seeing right now, then we balance that out with share repurchases as long as we believe our price is attractive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Abramowitz with Jefferies.
Peter Abramowitz: First, I just wanted to go back to one of Emma's comments. I think you mentioned that as long as the 10-year remains below 5%, it's kind of the key level that you can sort of maintain your pace in capital markets activity and deals will still happen. I guess I just want to make sure we're interpreting that correctly. Is that -- I guess, you think even up to that 5% level, you can kind of hit what's in your guide in terms of this, I believe you called it a sort of slow and steady recovery in capital markets?
Emma Giamartino: So there's a lot of elements that go into whether or not capital markets activity will continue and specifically to loan originations, we see activity continue as long as interest rates are stable and below 5%. We've seen things materially slow down if -- we believe things would materially slow down if they go above 5%. But what's important to remember on the loan origination side is that 55% or 60% of the activity that we're seeing is refinancing and those deals need to continue to happen. And so we are confident that, that activity will continue. But it's -- yes, it's rate staying below a certain level but they also need to be stable. The volatility it creates, it just causes investors to pause.
Peter Abramowitz: Right. That's helpful. Okay. And then so just to clarify. One of your other comments, I think, was that activity slowed right after -- right at the beginning of this month but has actually accelerated since. Was that in reference just to loan origination or advisory sales as well?
Emma Giamartino: Sales -- in March, sales slowed somewhat but it's just -- it's one month, it's hard to see a trend and it picked right back up in April.
Peter Abramowitz: Okay, got it. And then one more, maybe just kind of a thematic question for Bob stepping back. Just thinking about kind of the political risk in the broader sense with this administration. I think one of the thoughts out there is that we could have these rolling 90-day extensions with the tariffs as the White House negotiates and this could go on for a very long time. So just kind of curious, how do you think longer term about how to discount that uncertainty in such a fluid situation as you think about the future of your business because it is certainly kind of a unique situation?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it is, Peter, very unique. And I think it's fair to say that we don't have any insight into the uncertainty that others haven't already articulated. The big banks have reported and they've given their view on that. And they spend a whole lot more money to try to figure out that kind of stuff than we do. We've adjusted our view of things to take into account considerable uncertainty which causes us to have a view of higher risk of recession than we had before which causes us to have a view of the higher risk of people being on the sidelines because they just don't want to act in uncertain times. And that's all factored into what we've said about the performance we expect for the rest of the year. And I don't think we have -- it's not that we're unwilling to declare beyond that. We just don't have insight beyond that. It all assumes a lot of uncertainty, a lot of choppiness and the risk of recession that we didn't have before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Your non-GAAP reconciliations alluded to a wind down of a business within Real Estate Investments. What's that referring to?
Emma Giamartino: It's referring to Telford.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. And then when did the Industrious deal close? And how should we think about the financial contribution from that business?
Emma Giamartino: It closed in mid-January. So for the most -- for the majority of -- the vast majority of Q1.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Got it. And is there anything you can share in terms of the expected revenue contribution or margin profile?
Emma Giamartino: We haven't provided those details but it's performing as expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: Can you give any color on what drove the margin gains in Advisory and BOE? Net revenue was pretty close to our forecast. So operating leverage was much stronger. Just wanted to see if there's any further point you can make on that? It was much stronger even considering the revenue growth within capital markets and leasing.
Emma Giamartino: So Advisory, it is incremental margins on the transaction revenue. We had our -- as we've spoken to, both leasing and investment sales and loan origination activity which is all higher margin, came in above our expectations. Within BOE, the 100 basis points of margin expansion in the first quarter was in line with what we saw in the back half of last year and that was all the cost savings initiatives that we started mid-2024 and you're seeing the run rate continue to flow in.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. You've been leaning into key areas as the market went through a correction over the last couple of years, specifically in REI and data centers. And I was wondering if you're seeing any slowdown in activities within data centers, whether it be new deals or leasing? And then on the REI side, are you changing how you think about making new investments, considering growing uncertainty around construction costs?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, we're -- the way to think about us as it relates to data centers is we're a service provider, not an owner. And we had a really good quarter with data centers. We have a data center services business that includes an M&A deal we did called Direct Line which provides some additional technical services that go beyond what we had done historically. Very good quarter for that business. That acquisition is meaningfully outperforming underwriting. Turner & Townsend is a big project manager, the creation of new data centers. They have a lot of work going on. They have seen some pullback from some of the hyperscalers that we've all read about. But they're pretty much at capacity in terms of their ability to do that kind of work. So you're not seeing that impact us. Trammell Crow Company has kind of a unique role in the data center world. They are in a position to acquire land and create the improvements you need on land, both the kind of soft improvements in terms of entitlements and then the hard improvements in terms of gaining access to electricity that makes that land a lot more valuable than it was when they acquired it. We think that, that is going to play out for us this year the way we thought it was going to play out when we went into the year. So some of the headlines you're reading about, a little bit of the slowdown by hyperscalers and some of the big name hyperscalers and starting new projects, is not likely to roll through our business this year relative to what we thought we were going to do with that business and we've seen a good start to the year and expect it to be a strong finish to the year.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. And then just a follow-up to that was on the construction costs. If just broadly Trammell Crow is changing at all, how they're thinking about new investments, considering uncertainty around construction costs?
Bob Sulentic: The first thing I want to comment on is risk in the in-process portfolio associated with construction costs that might be impacted by tariffs in Trammell Crow Company. When you look at that in-process portfolio, a significant portion of it is either complete or near complete and leasing up or just ready to be sold. So that just definitionally wouldn't be impacted by the costs associated with tariffs. When you go to the stuff that's under construction, much of that is protected by GMP contracts. So if there are cost increases, you'd be protected there. And beyond the GMP contracts, we have contingencies inside our budgets. And when we report the amount of profit we have captured in our portfolio, we assume those contingencies will be used. So if the contingencies get chewed up by some cost increase, then that's significantly covered beyond those GMP contracts by the contingencies we carry. But even beyond that, I think there is a little misunderstanding of if you build a $100 project, what goes into it. Probably half of the project or more is land, engineering cost, site work costs, commissions on lease-up, etcetera, that won't be impacted at all. And then when you get to the other half, the construction cost, there's a huge component of construction costs that are driven by labor. There's a very significant portion of construction costs that are material sourced here in the U.S., not from overseas. And then there's a smaller portion that would be sourced from places where the tariffs might impact that. When you roll all that through the number and overlay the GMP contracts, there's just not a lot of risk from tariffs in that portfolio of projects. And then when you look at future projects, a lot of dynamics will come into play but if we see cost increases and if we see inflation roll through our economy as a result of those cost increases and if you don't see a lot of new project starts which we don't think you will, what you're likely to see is rental increases that will cover the cost of construction that goes up as a result of tariffs. So we're very attentive to what might happen in this regard but we're feeling pretty well mitigated at this point.
Operator: Our final question this morning comes from the line of Seth Bergey with Citi.
Seth Bergey: I just wanted to go back to some of your comments on leasing. Can you provide any kind of color as to if you're seeing any differences between smaller or larger tenants or U.S. tenants versus kind of global tenants?
Emma Giamartino: So I can give you a high level of both office and industrial that's driving that growth globally. On office, pretty much all metrics are up, square footage, term, rent is up slightly. On the industrial side, just as you would expect, square footage is up slightly, term is up slightly and rent has been flat.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our time for questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Sulentic for any final comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everybody for joining us today and we'll talk to you again when we report our second quarter earnings.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 CBRE Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Chandni Luthra. Thank you. You may begin.
Chandni Luthra: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE’s fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business outlook, our business plans and capital allocation strategy and our earnings and cash flow outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. Also in our press release, we have provided historical non-GAAP financial information for the new segments, which we will begin reporting with Q1 2025 results. We will provide more detail, including historical quarterly financial information by lines of business based on the new segments prior to releasing our Q1 results. I’m joined on today’s call by Bob Sulentic, our Chairman and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Throughout their remarks, when Bob and Emma cite financial performance relative to expectations, they are referring to actual results against the outlook we provided on our Q3 2024 earnings call in October, unless otherwise noted. Also, as a reminder, our resilient businesses include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, valuation and recurring investment management fees. Our transactional businesses comprise property sales, leasing, market origination, carried interest and incentive fees in the investment management business and development fees. Finally, unless otherwise noted, whenever we cite growth rates, we are referring to the percentage change versus the 2023 fourth quarter in U.S. dollars. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Chandni, and good morning, everyone. Q4 of 2024 was CBRE’s best quarter ever for core earnings and free cash flow with broad strength across our business. We also made significant progress in executing our strategy, positioning the company to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth on an enduring basis. First, we acquired Industrious, the premium flex workplace provider. This advances our ability to meet office occupier and landlord demand for flexibility and an elevated experience. The Industrious transaction also became the catalyst for us to consolidate all our building management businesses into one segment called Building Operations & Experience. This move allows us to build expertise and scale advantage across many areas that are common to the operation of buildings. Jamie Hodari, Industrious’ CEO, who has exceptional strategic, operational and entrepreneurial skills is leading this segment as its CEO. We also completed the combination of CBRE project management with Turner & Townsend. This creates a large uniquely positioned program and project management business with multiple avenues for resilient revenue growth in areas like infrastructure, energy and data centers. Finally, we took two additional steps to upgrade our senior leadership team. First, we gave our COO, Vikram Kohli, whose capabilities are evident in the major impact he had on our business in 2024, additional responsibility as CEO of our Advisory business. Second, we named Adam Gallistel, who will join CBRE in April and Andy Glanzman as co-CEOs of our Investment Management business. As a leader of GICS Americas business, Adam forged an exceptional track record and prominent industry profile, while Andy has proven to be a strong operational leader who has overseen CBRE Investment Management’s strategic evolution. With all these moves in mind, we have reorganized the company into four business segments. Two of the segments, Building Operations & Experience and Project Management, are entirely comprised of resilient businesses. Together, they generated $1.4 billion of SOP in 2024, and they are growing organically at a double-digit rate. In both segments, we have tremendous opportunities to scale our position in huge, fragmented and underpenetrated markets. Our Advisory segment, which includes leasing, capital markets valuations and loan servicing, is a cornerstone of our business. It is responsible for producing large profits, high margins, strong cash flow conversion and abundant data and market intelligence that is valuable across our company. Our Real Estate Investments segment, which includes our Investment Management and Development businesses, is underappreciated. This segment has significant embedded profits, and we expect it to become one of the leading contributors to our long-term growth. Additionally, it is an ongoing source of compelling investment opportunities for CBRE. Our confidence in CBRE’s future has never been higher, as evidenced by our considerable share repurchases since the end of the third quarter. Despite the strong appreciation of our shares over the last year, we believe the market is undervaluing our business relative to both its growth profile and dramatically enhanced resiliency. Now Emma will discuss the quarter’s highlights and our outlook for 2025. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thank you, Bob. We exceeded expectations with a record quarter across almost every metric. Our resilient businesses, which are facilities management, property management, project management, loan servicing, valuation and recurring investment management fees grew net revenue 16% in the quarter and 14% for the year, while delivering operating leverage. Resilient businesses contributed nearly 60% of our total SOP for the year, essentially matching 2023. This relative contribution by our resilient businesses is notable in a year when our transaction revenue grew considerably, yet capital markets activity is still well below peak levels. In our Advisory segment, results were driven by record leasing revenue and a continued rebound in capital markets. Globally, leasing revenue grew 15%, with notable strength in APAC and the Americas. U.S. office leasing delivered 28% revenue growth. Office occupiers are increasingly comfortable making long-term decisions given improved return to office momentum and a healthy economic outlook. The durability of office leasing growth was a prominent question as recently as October when we last reported earnings. While New York led most of the office leasing recovery in 2024, other markets accelerated substantially in the fourth quarter. Gateway markets comprised of New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington, D.C. and Boston grew approximately 30% in aggregate. Other large markets like Dallas, Atlanta and Seattle grew even faster. And certain smaller Midwest markets, including Cleveland, Pittsburgh and Minneapolis, picked up considerably. This gives us confidence that office leasing will continue to increase as activity has spread broadly. Retail leasing also exhibited solid growth, while industrial leasing was essentially flat. Turning to global property sales. Revenue growth accelerated to 35%. Growth was strong across all asset classes globally with a notable increase in office sales in the U.S. and EMEA, albeit off a low base of activity. Our mortgage origination business was up 37%, led by a 76% increase in origination fees, partly offset by lower escrow income. We saw a strong pickup in loan origination volume across financing sources, most notably from the GSEs and banks. While acquisition financing is increasing, refinancings continue to lead the recovery, making up almost 60% of total volume for the quarter. Overall, Advisory SOP rose 34% with improved margin on net revenue. In the GWS segment, net revenue grew 18%. Facilities management net revenue increased 24%, with broad-based strength in both the enterprise and local businesses. We are seeing a good balance of new clients and expansions across enterprise sectors, especially technology, industrial, data centers and health care. Local revenue growth was led by the UK and the Americas. The Americas has emerged as the local business’ second largest region, up from the fourth largest in 2023. This is a direct result of executing our strategy to increase share in the U.S., a market that is still barely penetrated. Our project management business saw a solid net revenue increase, with particular strength in North America and the UK, led by real estate and infrastructure. For the full year 2024, project management net revenue grew 10%, with operating leverage driving faster SOP growth. This growth was dominated by Turner & Townsend, which achieved 19% revenue growth for the year, supporting our view that the aggregate project management business will achieve accelerated growth when combined. The GWS SOP margin improved for the full year, reflecting our cost efforts and focus on contract profitability. In our REI segment, SOP increased to $150 million in Q4, led by our development business. As expected, we had significant monetizations in the quarter, including several data center development sites. This is one of our development businesses’ strongest quarters and reflects our distinct capabilities as a land acquirer and developer as well as our proactive decision to invest in areas benefiting from secular tailwind when others were on the sidelines. Within our investment management business, Q4 operating profit declined, partly driven by a ramp-up of costs in anticipation of increased capital raising. We raised over $10 billion in 2024, with half of it coming in the fourth quarter. AUM ended 2024 at $146 billion, essentially flat for the year. Market sentiment continues to improve, with many investors positioning their portfolios to capture opportunities in the latter half of 2025. Before turning to our outlook, I’ll comment on cash flow and capital allocation. Free cash flow exceeded expectations, increasing to more than $1.5 billion for the year, and free cash flow conversion reached almost 100%, surpassing our 75% to 85% target range. We deployed approximately $2 billion of capital in 2024 across M&A, real estate co-investment and share repurchases. This is in line with our strategy to invest in resilient businesses that augment CBRE’s growth profile, expand our total addressable markets and generate high risk-adjusted returns. Besides several notable M&A transactions, we capitalized 29 development projects for the year, including 12 in Q4. Our significant efforts to build the pipeline over the past few years, while many investors were on the sidelines, has positioned our development business to break ground on more than 50 projects in 2025, almost double the number in 2024. We estimate that we have more than $900 million of embedded net profits in our development in process portfolio and pipeline as we capitalize a second large portfolio of development assets in the fourth quarter, this time focused on industrial assets. Our in-process and pipeline portfolio currently stands at more than $32 billion with outstanding balance sheet equity co-investments of approximately $800 million. And as Bob mentioned, we also continued to see significant unrecognized value in CBRE shares. This led us to repurchase more than $800 million worth of shares since the end of the third quarter. We have high conviction in our growth prospects and believe our ability to consistently generate double-digit organic earnings growth justifies a premium through cycle multiple. Looking ahead, we expect another year of strong free cash flow generation, approximating last year’s total of $1.5 billion. We anticipate free cash flow conversion within our 75% to 85% target range this year as the benefit from bonus timing we saw in 2024 reverses. Absent material M&A, we expect to end the year with net leverage below 1 turn, but are willing to lever up to 2 turns for the right M&A opportunities. Turning to our outlook. We expect to easily set a new peak in 2025 with core EPS projected to be in the range of $5.80 to $6.10. This would represent more than 16% growth at the middle of the range, supported by mid-teens SOP growth across our resilient lines of business, momentum in leasing and a continued rebound in capital markets. It is notable that we’re expecting this level of earnings when transaction activity is more muted than in other cyclical recoveries. We’re, again, guiding to a wide range this year because of uncertainties around the level of currency headwinds and the trajectory of interest rates. We’ve embedded a currency translation headwind of 1% to 2% in our consolidated outlook. Absent this headwind, expected core EPS growth would be in the high teens. Turning to our segments. We are providing guidance under our new as well as the old segment structure, as shown on Slide 8, to help investors transition their coverage. Note that all percentage growth rate estimates for the segments are in local currency. In our Advisory segment, we expect low to mid-teens SOP growth driven by solid leasing revenue growth and a steady capital markets recovery, both of which will underpin margin expansion. In our Building Operations & Experience segment, we expect above-trend mid-teens revenue growth, supported by local further expansion in the U.S. and a full year contribution from Industrious. We anticipate continued operating leverage resulting from 2024 cost initiatives, which will drive high-teens SOP growth. In project management, we foresee significant opportunities in the U.S. and UK across infrastructure and traditional real estate. Combining the Turner & Townsend and CBRE project management businesses requires a complex integration. As such, in the first year, we are anticipating strong but slightly below trend SOP growth in the low to mid-teens. Finally, in real estate investments, we expect to improve on 2024’s SOP. Investment management operating profit will likely be flat with 2024, which benefited from a large incentive fee that will not repeat. In the development business, we see continued elevated data center activity and have positioned the portfolio to benefit from this secular tailwind, with data center site monetizations expected to contribute more than half of this year’s development profits. As to the seasonal distribution of earnings, Q1 will once again be our smallest quarter in the year. However, the quarter should see core EBITDA increase at a high-teens rate, and it should contribute a low double-digit percentage of our full year core EPS. We also expect another strong fourth quarter in 2025, which should account for a similar portion of our full year core EPS as it did in 2024. In addition, we know that our restructuring efforts are largely behind us, and we are seeing the benefit of margin expansion across the company. As a reminder, we announced a major efficiency program in GWS in early 2024 to rapidly bring costs in line with revenue. This highly successful initiative resulted in an increase in onetime cash adjustments in 2024 that will not recur in 2025. M&A related amortization and integration costs will continue, but we are highly focused on minimizing other cash adjustments. Therefore, going into 2025, we expect to meaningfully narrow the delta between our GAAP and core earnings. With an improved market backdrop, we are poised to benefit from all the work we’ve done to create a resilient, growth-oriented enterprise capable of sustaining double-digit growth in 2025 and beyond. Now I’ll hand it back to Bob for closing remarks. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Emma. I’ll conclude with some thoughts on our participation in the data center sector for two reasons: first, we’re receiving many questions on this topic given the amount of activity in the sector; and second, our work with data centers clearly demonstrates how our strategy plays out in practice. A foundational element of that strategy is to focus financial and operational resources in areas benefiting from secular tailwinds. And we have brought this focus to the data center sector, growing its contribution to core EBITDA from 3% three years ago to almost 10% in 2024. Over that time, our total data center profit has increased over 2.5 times. Emma commented that our development business is capitalizing on its competency in acquiring, improving and monetizing land sites to take advantage of the data center opportunity. As a reference point, we did this with industrial land to great effect coming out of the pandemic. CBRE participates meaningfully in the data center sector across multiple other lines of business as well, including project management, facilities management, brokerage and, to a lesser degree, investment management. Turner & Townsend has more than 150 data center projects underway and has completed over 500 of these projects in the last decade. Data center revenue for Turner & Townsend has increased 50% annually in each of the last three years. Our facilities management group manages over 700 data centers. Within this business, we fortified our technical services capabilities with last year’s acquisition of Direct Line Global, which serves a large base of hyperscale clients. In our advisory business, we arranged $9 billion of sales, lease and financing transactions for North America data centers last year. While total data center inventory in the market has nearly doubled in the past four years, our data center profit growth has outpaced this market expansion and is poised for continued strong growth. With that, operator, we’ll open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you and good morning. First question relates to capital markets. Can you talk about just your guidance around a more muted sort of recovery there versus kind of what you’re seeing right now today? Trying to understand if this volatility in rates over the last couple of months is actually paused things or if you’re just being prudent kind of with the more muted rebound.
Emma Giamartino: Tony, thanks for the question. I want to step back and say when we look at our transaction activity for the year, just like we did in 2024, we look at leasing and capital markets combined because we can get to our outlook with – across a broad range of scenarios and a broad range of rate outlook. And then the other comment I want to make on rates specifically in capital markets is that this is a much smaller portion of our business than would be implied by the number of questions we get asked about this business. So moving to capital markets specifically, what we saw in Q4 is transaction activity picked up across the board, but we’re still far below peak levels. We’re 40% of 2021, and we’re not back at 2019 levels. We expect a continued pickup in 2025. We’re very early in the year, but in the first six weeks of the year, we’re seeing 20% growth in U.S. sales activity. But we are being cautious because we don’t know the trajectory of rates will be through the remainder of the year. On the financing side, we saw very strong growth in the fourth quarter. We’re expecting that to continue. And one of the important components of financing is that there’s still a tremendous amount of refinancing ahead of us. Maturities in 2025 will be at the same level of 2024, so that will drive our loan origination revenue above our sales revenue. But to tie it all together, you’ve got to think about our leasing and capital markets revenue combination. And as long as the economy remains healthy and it’s growing, our leasing revenue is going to grow. There is upside to our numbers if rates come down more than everyone is expecting at the moment.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thank you. Thanks for that. Then if I – on that note, zoom out a bit for my follow-up to just the Advisory segment more broadly. How much of the growth in SOP that you expect there is from like, say, revenue versus some margin expansion? Just trying to understand how much come from each.
Emma Giamartino: So on the top line, we’re expecting low double-digit revenue growth, and then we’re expecting margin expansion on top of that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Yes. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. Appreciate all the color you guys have given on the project management business and the growth opportunity there. Obviously, I know there’s going to be some integration aspect of the Turner & Townsend part of that business in 2025. But as you look ahead to maybe 2026 and beyond, does the Turner & Townsend growth run rate of 20% makes sense for that business? Because it seems like there’s a pretty large TAM there. So maybe how should we think about kind of long-term organic growth potential with the integration of that business?
Bob Sulentic: Michael, this is Bob. The – we don’t expect that business to grow 20% on an enduring basis, but we do expect it to grow in the mid-teens. Turner & Townsend’s portfolio of projects and the capability set they bring to the table is in areas that grow faster than what our legacy business grows. So they are, obviously, based on our opening comments, very big in data centers. They’re very big in infrastructure, very big in green energy and in traditional energy. They’re very big in manufacturing, et cetera, areas that have lots of tailwinds. What our legacy business did was much more focused on tenant finish projects for our occupier clients that would be attendant to the campuses they have and so forth. We also did some data center work, and we also did assume more complex work. But Turner & Townsend tilt us heavily in the areas that are growing more rapidly, so we expect that business combined to grow in the mid-teens. The Turner & Townsend piece was growing closer to 20%. But when you combine the two and Turner & Townsend leads it, we see it as a mid-teens grower, and we’re confident in its ability to do that. We also think there’ll be some M&A opportunities that come out of that business.
Michael Griffin: Thanks Bob. Appreciate the color there. And then, Emma, I just kind of want to go back to your comments around your development opportunities. It seems like you’re pretty optimistic about the industrial portion of that. But if it seems like industrial leasing, at least this past quarter, was flat sequentially. Should we take this as you’re getting ahead of an expected recovery? And should we – do you expect an inflection point in fundamentals maybe toward the back half of this year?
Bob Sulentic: Michael, I’m going to take that one. What’s happened forever in the development business is that when the very best time comes around to acquire sites for future development opportunities, because there’s not going to be big deliveries, because rental rates are going to recover over the next several years, many, many of the participants in the market go to the sidelines. Capital sources get – are afraid to invest. And developers can’t acquire sites and start projects because they can’t raise capital. I was just at a conference offsite this week, and there was a lot of talk about that. We have a business that, because of its track record, can do a good job of raising capital right now, but we also lubricate the raising of third-party capital by putting more of our own capital into those projects at this juncture. So last year, we’ve talked about it quite a bit. We – on balance sheet, capitalized two big portfolios, one office portfolio and one industrial portfolio – excuse me, one multifamily portfolio and one industrial portfolio. We think those projects are going to harvest at a time when there’s very little new product coming on, when rental rates will have recovered and when vacancies are down. We believe those projects will create great profit opportunities for us. There’s smaller investments we’ve made in other projects that we think will have the same dynamics when they harvest. We’re going to start 50 projects in Trammell Crow Company this year. We think they’re going to harvest at a great time, and that’s really the strategy in that business. So we have very seasoned developers. They’re very, very good at land acquisition. They’re very good at land development, which allows us to get land lifts on things like industrial at the right time and data centers at the right time. But we believe that business is positioned to do very, very good things for CBRE, as evidenced by Emma’s comments that we see $900 million of embedded profit in what we have underway in the business now.
Michael Griffin: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Blouin with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Blouin: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. There was mention of the investment management division being sort of one of the more underappreciated parts of the business and where there’s maybe the most opportunity. I’d love to dig in a little bit on that. And also when we sort of think about the guidance for 2025 being flat, I guess, just trying to understand what the drivers of that are. Is it more on the sort of cost side affecting the SOP growth? Is it top line? Is FX having a meaningful impact? Just sort of trying to unpick that.
Bob Sulentic: Julien, we think the entire Real Estate Investment segment of our business is underappreciated. It includes Trammell Crow Company, our development business, I just commented on that. Why do we think that our investment management business is underappreciated? It’s a big business. It’s generated tremendous returns for our clients over the last decade. We have a number of funds that are very high-performing funds, a logistics fund here in the U.S., a core fund in the U.S., a core fund in Europe, value-add funds in the U.S. and Asia, a secondaries fund in the UK, all of which has – have performed extremely well. There are other funds that we would like to start that we have not been in a position to start because we didn’t feel that we had the experience in our leadership to do that. With the changes we’ve made to our leadership team, bringing Adam Gallistel in to be our Chief Investment Officer and elevating Andy Glanzman, who’s been on a rapid rise in his career in that business, and with our balance sheet strength that we now have, we believe we’ll be able to do additional funds to fill out holes that we have in our offering right now, and we believe we’ll be able to scale the funds that we have in place, again, by using co-investments to attract other capital. We don’t think that’s fully appreciated in the market, and we expect to see a lot of growth come out of that business and our development business over the next several years.
Emma Giamartino: And I want to just comment on your question around flat SOP year-over-year. Two components. One is remember that in 2024, we had a large incentive fee in our highly successful U.S. logistics fund. If you remove that incentive fee from 2024, we would be at high teens SOP growth in 2025, which is a great outcome this early in the recovery. The other thing is this is a huge year for – we expect this to be a huge year for capital raising, and it already is in January. We expect to raise a near record amount of capital for our investment management business, which will position us very well to deliver really strong returns and strong growth in 2026 and beyond.
Julien Blouin: That’s extremely helpful. I guess, maybe turning to share repurchase activity. The – It’s been really encouraging, the update since the end of the third quarter. I guess just zooming out, how do you think about share repurchase activity fitting into your strategy in 2025? And how do you see that sort of balancing against the acquisition outlook and sort of opportunities you see out in the market right now?
Emma Giamartino: So as you alluded to on the last call, we both declared that we believe our shares are significantly undervalued. We still think that’s the case given the growth trajectory of our business over the near and long-term. And so we took advantage of that over the past four, five months. Moving into 2025, as we’ve always said, we’re going to continue to prioritize M&A. We have a strong pipeline. It’s very challenging to time M&A, and it’s all about the timing of conversion and finding really great businesses that are going to help accelerate our strategy. So we’ll continue to prioritize M&A. If we get towards the latter half of the year and a number of those don’t come to fruition, we’ll fill in with buybacks.
Julien Blouin: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, congrats on a great 2024. Just two quick ones. If I look at the Global Workplace Solutions, so the facilities management and project management, looks like 2024 margin was sort of well above what you guys expected. So I guess, I’m curious as you’re thinking about forward, would love an update on what the pipeline is looking at, at this point of the year and what more opportunities for margin expansion there may be there.
Emma Giamartino: So there’s two components of your question, I’ll start with the margin piece. So in 2024, in the beginning of the year, you’ll recall that we talked about our initiative to rapidly bring our costs in line with revenue in that business, and we were highly successful in getting those costs out in 2024 and resulted in solid margin expansion for the full year. The benefit of those impacts is not – has not entirely been realized in 2024. So we’ll see continued margin expansion in GWS and now the new BOE segment in 2025. From a pipeline perspective, our pipeline is very strong in enterprise. As I mentioned in my remarks, it’s across sectors, technology, health care. We’re seeing a bunch of renewals within financial services. And so we’re very optimistic about the organic growth within our enterprise business. And then in local, we have a really strong pipeline and a lot of growth to come in the U.S. market, which, as I’ve – as we’ve mentioned a number of times, really, is barely penetrating the U.S. market. And so we expect to continue to see a ton of growth there.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And then my second question, just staying on the Building Ops & Experience sort of segment and so forth. If I sort of think about the combination of those businesses, just would love a little bit more color on just the competitive dynamics in that business and sort of what CBRE sort of leg up is as you sort of go forward. Thanks.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, let me start by describing how we think about the opportunity to operate buildings around the world and then talk specifically about what we’re doing here and why we combine those businesses. First of all, we think the opportunity is defined by the base of commercial real estate buildings that exist around the world. Now obviously, there’s a whole lot less penetration in places like China than there is in places like the UK. But it is an enormous base of buildings, and it includes all kinds of asset classes, industrial, office, multifamily, hospitals, warehouses, manufacturing facilities. When you look across that base of assets, the management of that base of assets is very, very fragmented. Even though we manage 7 billion square feet, that’s just a small, small piece of that portfolio. When you manage all those different classes of assets, there are some very common things that go on: procurement; building engineering; maintaining records on the maintenance of the building and then responding to the – what you find in those records about preventative maintenance; accounting for the operations of the building. There’s all kinds of commonality, whether you’re managing a hospital or a complex warehouse. We think by bringing these businesses together that we’ll generate some strong synergies and strong learning across that kind of horizontal element to that portfolio of buildings. Then we’re building on top of that very specific capabilities. As we mentioned in our opening comments, we manage 700 warehouses. We manage a huge number of complex distribution centers around the world. It’s a huge amount of office space. We’re a very, very big manager of hospitals. And we have specific expertise on a – in a vertical sense in each of those types of buildings. What we think we’ll do by bringing this all together is grow our knowledge, grow the synergies across them, be able to scale our capabilities and, by the way, add experience to the mix with Industrious and Jamie Hodari and really grow that business faster than it’s been growing already. And it’s already been growing well into the double digits. We also think we’ll end up with a capability that’s different than has been seen in the market before. I would say it’s one of the areas of our future for CBRE that we’re most ambitious about.
Ronald Kamdem: Thanks so much. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon: Hey, thanks. Just wanted to follow up on industrial leasing. I think you mentioned flat industrial revenue in the fourth quarter, and I think that would maybe reflect some stabilization versus prior quarters. So specifically, how are you thinking about the outlook for industrial leasing in 2025? And are you seeing early signs of things there maybe starting to pick up?
Bob Sulentic: We are expecting to see some pickup this year in industrial leasing, not huge. There is still some sublease space or underutilized space with the big users of industrial that needs to be worked through out there. If that didn’t exist, it would – the leasing would grow faster. But we are – we expect to see industrial grow in the low single digits this year and we expect vacancies to be down by the end of the year, new deliveries to be down by the end of the year. And so as you get beyond 2025, we expect to see leasing pick up. And by the way, the opportunity for delivering new space into the market through our development business to be really strong.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That’s helpful. And then on the – just as we think about talent within Advisory Services, I guess, how are you kind of managing headcount in this environment? Are you – have you been able to grow capacity, grow producer headcount? How much competition is out there for talent at this point? Is that getting more elevated? Or just curious what you’re seeing from a talent perspective and how that’s playing into the capacity you have as things recover.
Bob Sulentic: There’s always competition for talent, and it’s a talent business. And there’s always competition for talent. That discussion comes and goes over the years and you think, oh, my gosh, it’s more competitive than it’s ever been before. I would say it’s about like it’s been before. We compete very effectively because, particularly given what’s happened in the last couple of years, the performance of CBRE, the stability of our whole business, the prominence of our brand, our ability to invest in the business, the leadership of – our new Advisory CEO, Vikram Kohli, brings to the table and his savvy around the technology that supports that business has been helpful to us in attracting people. So I would say we’ve got capacity in that business. We can grow our revenues without adding headcount. We are likely to add some headcount and do some recruiting. And you should expect the dynamics around that recruiting, the economics around that recruiting to be about what they’ve been, maybe a little better. Some of our competitors aren’t in a position to be as aggressive as they’ve been in the past on recruiting. So that situation is sorting out pretty nicely for us right now.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That’s helpful. Great results.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. Emma, I guess, in terms of the guidance of the $5.80 to the $6.10, how much of that incorporates sort of the potential $2 billion of sort of capital deployment that you did in 2024. If you were to deploy that same amount in 2025, meaning, are all incremental buybacks, I guess, incremental to that earnings? Or have you factored in some benefits from M&A and/or buybacks?
Emma Giamartino: So the short answer, and I want to provide a longer answer, the short answer is there’s no incremental buybacks or M&A in that guide. So anything that we do above what we’ve already reported on will be incremental to our EPS this year. But I do want to talk more broadly about our outlook. Again, it is a wide range like we provided last year, but I want to provide some more context around it. So at the midpoint, if you look at this outlook, we believe it’s very strong. If you take out the FX headwind, we’re at a high-teens EPS growth rate, which is a really strong outcome in a year when we’re early in a recovery, but we’re not expecting the acceleration that you’d see when interest rates dropped to near zero. Our resilient lines of business in aggregate, we’re expecting to grow around 15% organically, which is a really fantastic outcome. And then there’s an upside to what we’re expecting. So to get towards the higher end of the range, more development monetizations could drive that increased sales activity. And we’re also doing a lot of work around our interest expense. So we’re doing a bunch of balance sheet hedging, which I expect should positively impact our EPS in the latter half of the year. The downside would be around the slowdown in the economy, which would drive leasing growth a little bit slower than we’re expecting. No one expects that to be the case. And so if you step back and you look at our entire outlook, we have more confidence that we’ll be at the upside, the higher end of our range from the downside.
Steve Sakwa: Great, thanks for that extra color. I guess, I don’t know, Bob or Emma, just I was curious on the comments you made about office leasing and said you paced 28% gain in the U.S. I guess, my question was just more around the volume of improvement versus, say, doing a short-term renewal, pay CB one rate, but a 10-year deal where the company has got confidence pays you guys a lot more. So was the upside more driven by more volume or just length of lease or both?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we saw volume increase, Steve, across many markets. I think – I would argue there was a pretty profound shift in what was going on in office leasing toward the back half of last year. So it has been, let’s call it, a Park Avenue phenomenon that was really driving this thing, leases in New York, there’s big fees around leases in New York. Well, what we saw in the back half of the year was pretty strong growth in all the gateway markets and upward rental pressure in the Park Avenue type locations, except for, really, Boston and San Francisco. We saw strong growth in other markets like Dallas and Atlanta and Seattle. And even beyond that, in the next tier of cities, Minneapolis and Pittsburgh. So we saw something different happen. We spent a lot of time with our clients, and what our clients said is their view of their use of office space has kind of stabilized. And it wasn’t down as far as we thought. They were down about 8% per employee. We thought it might be settling lower than that. And the ones that weren’t certain about how much office space they were going to use suggested that it was more likely they would use more rather than less. And so I do think we’re seeing a little bit of a return to the mean post-COVID. I don’t think we’re going to go all the way back to where we were in 2019. But it also appears, based on empirical evidence, that we’re going to go further back than we thought we were before. And so that’s really what you’re seeing come through our numbers, and that’s what is causing us to – in 2025 the way we do in terms of the growth of the business. Emma, you might want to add to that.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And specifically to your question around term versus volume, it was a mix of all of it. So rent was, like Bob said, relatively flat year-over-year. We saw some increases in New York and other markets in – from a rent perspective. But we saw the big drivers were average square footage per lease, which a big deal. That increased significantly, and then term obviously increased as well. So it was a good mix.
Bob Sulentic: Great, thanks. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning everyone. Just – I think this was mostly GWS or BOE related. But can you just remind us about your exposure to the U.S. government? I know you did the J&J acquisition last year to scale up that business. So with all this talk about DOGE, et cetera, just wondering how you think about any sort of risk or maybe near-term opportunities as all that is reviewed.
Bob Sulentic: Alex, we don’t have a lot of government exposure. J&J was an important acquisition that did give us government exposure. But think about where the exposure was. It’s hospitals and defense. It’s in areas that we wouldn’t expect a lot of downward pressure. And more importantly, it’s just a little teeny piece of our business that gives us exposure to expand no matter how big the government is. It’s very, very huge compared to what we’re doing with them now. So we expect that to be an expansion opportunity. The other thing that comes to mind quickly in our business whenever the government slows down, we’ve got a big business in Washington, D.C. on the advisory side. We don’t own space in Washington, D.C. We’re doing – we’re not doing office development in Washington, D.C. But we did do a lot of leasing in Washington, D.C. And so if there’s churn in that market because of downsizing or exiting spaces to go into smaller spaces, we think the churn probably will help our business there. Now it’s not going to be big enough that it’s going to be a needle mover for our whole company, but that’s one of the good-sized markets we have. And we expect some churn there that might be helpful to our business. We just had our – all of our advisory local market leaders from around the country in Dallas for a meeting this week. And I met with the woman that runs our D.C. business, and she was feeling like the churn might be a good thing for them. So a lot of uncertainty about what’s going to go on there. But we’re not concerned that there’s going to be any meaningful downward impact on our business anywhere.
Alex Kramm: Fair enough. Thank you for that. And then I understand that capital markets are becoming a smaller and smaller piece of your revenue and earnings base. But maybe given that it’s the beginning of the year, how do you think about the ultimate potential for that business? I heard you talk about slightly below 2019. And obviously, much below 2021. But obviously, the economy and your footprint has grown. So how – what’s your latest thought about the ultimate, I guess, TAM when we get into a much bigger environment? And what’s the latest thoughts on how that flows to the bottom line? Thanks.
Emma Giamartino: So if you step back and you think about prior recoveries, I think you’re talking to what the growth rate should be over the next couple of years because of the recovery. We saw strong growth last year. Like I said, we’re seeing on the sales side 20% growth in the early part of this year. That should continue through the first half of this year, but then you get into the second half and you’re up against some challenging comps. And again, we have to remind everyone, we’re not seeing this flood of activity like you would see when the economy is challenged and rates dropped significantly, and none of us expect that to happen this year. But you could see the steady growth continue through this year and the next year. And we’ll get – it will take a few years to get back to prior peak levels. Coming out of prior downturns, even when we’ve had interest rates dropped significantly, it’s taken five years plus to get back to peak levels of capital markets activity. So once we get back there, the steady-state growth in that business is around a mid to high single-digit – mid-single-digit range, but we have a long way to go. We have a good amount of growth until we get back to that level of growth.
Alex Kramm: Good, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could comment on a few discrete earnings items, including integration and cost reduction charges, tax rate and share count. On the cost and add-back side, I think those items were around $350 million, half of which came in 4Q. So just wondering if that’s an ongoing item, if there’ll be some increase due to resegmentation. Second would be tax rate, which came in at 18%. And I noticed some tax and audit charges, if there’s anything there you would like to mention. And finally, share repurchase. You said $800 million since 3Q, which I think implies – most of that was actually so far in 2025. I estimated around 2 million shares repurchased in 4Q. So if you could comment on those three items, please. Thank you.
Emma Giamartino: So starting with the adjustments, Jade, I provided a good amount of color in my opening remarks. We announced, as you recall, in early 2024 that we were going through a cost reduction initiative within our GWS segment to rapidly bring those costs in line with our revenue. That program was highly successful, but it is now complete. And so going into 2025, those restructuring costs that you see in our adjustments should largely go away. M&A integration costs and amortization will, of course, continue as we continue to do M&A, but we are very focused on bringing those onetime restructuring costs down to near zero in 2025. On the tax front, you’ll recall that in Q1 2024, we had a large tax benefit. And for the full year, that drove our tax rate below what we typically see to 18%. In 2025, we expect our tax rate to return to its normalized levels of 22%. On the share repurchase front, we did $500 million worth of share repurchases in the fourth quarter, and the remainder was in January and February.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I’ll now turn the call back over to CEO, Bob Sulentic, with closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, everybody, and we’ll talk to you again when we report first quarter results.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Chandni Luthra, EVP, Global Head of FP&A and IR. Thank you. You may begin.
Chandni Luthra: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements concerning our business outlook, our business plans and capital allocation strategy, the timing of expected asset sales and our earnings and cash flow outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our Chair and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Throughout their remarks, when Bob and Emma cite financial performance relative to expectations, they are referring to actual results against the outlook we provided on our Q2 2024 earnings call in July, unless otherwise noted. Also, as a reminder, our resilient businesses include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, valuation and asset management fee in our investment management business. Our transactional businesses comprise sales, leasing, market origination, carried interest and incentive fee in the investment management business and development fee. Finally, Unless otherwise noted, whenever we site growth rates, we are referring to the percentage change versus the 2023 3rd quarter in U.S. dollars. With that, please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Chandni, and good morning, everyone. CBRE's performance in the third quarter was marked by strong financial results, operational gains across key parts of our business and continued advancement in our strategic positioning. I'll comment briefly on all 3 areas, starting with our financial performance. We posted our second highest third quarter core earnings on record with core earnings per share up 67%. All 3 business segments posted strong double-digit revenue and segment operating profit growth, along with significant operating leverage. Key drivers included our resilient businesses, where net revenue grew 18% to $3.6 billion, led by Turner & Townsend, as well as leasing, which posted a 19% revenue increase fueled by accelerated office demand. In addition, capital markets transaction activity has passed an inflection point and is in the early stages of recovery. Operationally, GWS' results reflect the cost efficiency efforts we discussed on our first quarter earnings call and put us on course for full year margin expansion. The integration of the CBRE project management business with Turner & Townsend is proceeding with pace and the combined business will start 2025 with considerable momentum. Consolidated free cash flow grew considerably, reflecting our focused efforts to improve cash conversion across our segments. On the strategic front, we have a strong pipeline of attractive investment opportunities both for M&A and our services businesses and co-investments in our REI businesses. Further, our efforts to scale and diversify our business have resulted in a growing total addressable market. We've widened growth avenues in managing data centers and federal government facilities through recent acquisitions in GWS and the Turner & Townsend, CBRE project management combination opens up opportunities in infrastructure, energy and data center projects. Geographically, our Japan and India businesses have grown to the point where they are the second and fifth largest contributors to advisory SOP. Our success and scale have positioned us for continued outsized growth in these huge economies, and we expect them to be disproportionate contributors to CBRE's future growth. For full year 2024, our strong year-to-date performance and momentum entering Q4 have prompted us to raise our outlook for full year core EPS to a range of $4.95 to $5.05, up from $4.70 to $4.90 previously. Now Emma will discuss our third quarter results and outlook in greater detail. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. I'll start by providing context on how our business has greater earnings growth potential than at any point in our history. We focused on expanding our resilient earnings streams and as a result, our SOP from resilient businesses has increased from approximately 32%, coming out of the global financial crisis to around 60% today. These resilient earnings are significantly less volatile than our transactional businesses. And most importantly, we expect them to achieve enduring double-digit organic growth, which we believe can be boosted even further by M&A. Our investments in resilient businesses have changed the complexion of our company. For context, core EPS fell 30% peak to trough during the downturn we just experienced versus 80% during the GFC. And we are poised to surpass prior peak core earnings next year, less than 2 years from the trough of the downturn. Coming out of the GFC, it took 6 years to return to peak earnings. Now let me walk you through the highlights of each segment's results. I'll start with advisory on Slide 6. Advisory net revenue exceeded expectations, supported by leasing strength in the beginning of a recovery in property sales revenue. We continue to benefit from our strong position in the office leasing market. In fact, global office leasing revenue reached a new high for any Q3, increasing by 26% better than we expected. Greater certainty about the economic outlook is supporting occupier decision-making across primary and secondary markets, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. As expected, demand is skewed towards the highest quality space that will encourage employees to return to the office. Global property sales returned to growth with a 14% revenue increase, exceeding expectations. Revenue grew across all global regions. In the U.S., property sales revenue rose almost 20%, driven by stronger activity in multifamily and retail. This complemented strength across our mortgage origination business, which benefited from a 36% increase in loan origination fees. In addition to continued activity from debt funds, originations picked up notably with the GSEs. Overall, advisory SOP rose almost 50%, and net SOP margin increased by more than 350 basis points. Please turn to Slide 7 for a review of the GWS segment. Overall, net revenue for GWS increased 19%, in line with our elevated expectations. Within Facilities Management, net revenue increased 22% with broad-based strength in both the enterprise and local businesses. Through the third quarter, we secured more new enterprise business, including first-generation outsourcing wins and existing contract expansions than in all of 2023. This lays a strong foundation for net revenue growth in 2025. Project Management net revenue rose 12%, led by the Turner & Townsend business. Turner & Townsend exhibited strength across its geographies and asset types with revenue up 18%, once again exceeding expectations. Turner & Townsend's sustained outperformance reinforces our level of conviction in merging CBRE's project management business under Turner & Townsend's leadership. GWS's net SOP margin improved by more than 70 basis points, in line with our expectations, reflecting our cost efficiency initiatives. Please turn to Slide 8, as I discuss the REI results. REI segment operating profit was better than expected and meaningfully above the prior year. This was led by Investment Management, which benefited from incentive fees and significant co-investment returns, reflecting improving market conditions. AUM increased to more than $148 billion during the quarter and $5 billion of capital has been raised this year. At the same time, we have fully cleared our redemption queue in our core funds and are seeing increased interest and fundraising activity across enhanced return strategies. We expect the market backdrop for AUM growth to improve considerably in 2025. As expected, we did not monetize any significant development assets during the quarter. We remain on track to realize large development profits by the end of the year and continue to steadily increase the embedded profit in our development portfolio over the long term. We added $500 million to our in-process and pipeline portfolio in the quarter, which now exceeds $32 billion. Now I'll discuss cash flow and leverage on Slide 9. Free cash flow for the quarter improved meaningfully to $494 million, up more than 60% and trailing 12-month free cash flow conversion improved to 71%. The delta between our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings in Q3 was primarily driven by noncash items. Our free cash flow forecast for the full year remains unchanged at slightly over $1 billion. The increase in EPS guidance is not expected to convert to free cash flow primarily because of the large development gains slated for Q4 will be reported in cash flow from investing. Adjusting for this impact, our free cash flow conversion for the year would be within our target range of 75% to 85%. Finally, we are on track to end the year with about 1 turn of net leverage even after deploying $1.3 billion of capital across M&A and co-investments thus far in 2024. Please turn to Slide 10 as I discuss our outlook. Our new core EPS expectations of $4.95 to $5.05 for 2024 represent a 12% increase at the midpoint of the range compared with our original outlook in February. We believe higher full year earnings are achievable because of the outperformance in our businesses thus far this year and our confidence in our business pipeline. We expect to deliver our best fourth quarter core EPS ever, led by GWS, which should exceed its prior SOP record by a significant margin. It is notable that we expect to achieve this level of earnings in the fourth quarter without Advisory or REI returning to prior peak profits. All segments are expected to materially exceed their prior earnings peaks in coming years. Within Advisory, we now expect over 20% SOP growth for the full year, mostly driven by stronger-than-expected leasing activity. GWS is in line with our prior expectations, we are narrowing guidance and expect to grow SOP in the high teens range for the full year. And for REI, we continue to expect multiple development asset sales to be completed in the fourth quarter. Looking to 2025, the midpoint of our new 2024 guidance implies that we are only about 12% from our prior peak earnings. Absent an unanticipated market event, we will almost certainly exceed prior core EPS of $5.69 next year, fueled by continued double-digit growth in our resilient businesses and a further recovery in our transactional businesses. Now I'll turn the call back to Bob for closing thoughts.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Emma. Given the market's strong focus on anticipated improvement in the real estate capital markets, I'll put this in perspective as it relates to CBRE's earnings prospects. While there are secondary impacts across our business, the capital markets directly affect our performance in property sales, loan originations, Real Estate Development and Investment Management. Since these businesses are interest rate sensitive, the Fed's start of a new monetary easing cycle has recently heightened investor enthusiasm for the real estate services sector. We share the market's enthusiasm and expect to benefit from a capital markets recovery over the next several years. But it's important to stress that CBRE's strong, short and long-term growth prospects are excellent regardless of the real estate capital markets impacts. This owes to the progress we've made in building our resilient businesses, our leadership in the global leasing markets and the large and growing total addressable market for our business that I commented on earlier. Our resilient businesses are expected to generate about $1.8 billion of SOP this year, reflecting double-digit growth. We expect these businesses to continue this pace of growth for the foreseeable future. In addition, leasing, our largest line of business by profits is close to surpassing prior peak revenue and earnings this year with considerable room for further growth. As a result, we don't need a capital markets recovery to surpass prior peak earnings in 2025 or to sustain strong growth beyond next year. Real estate capital markets are important to our business, but their lower relative contribution to our performance underscores the extent to which we have evolved and diversified CBRE's business and underpins our confidence in a strong long-term outlook. With that, operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi.
Michael Griffin: Bob, I want to go back to your comments about kind of the capital markets activity passing an inflection point. As we kind of look into 2025, do you have a sense of how steep the acceleration of this recovery is going to be? Will we be sitting here a couple of quarters from now in lapping comps up 30% or 40% year-over-year? Curious just kind of what you're seeing from an acceleration perspective?
Bob Sulentic : Our current expectation is not that it's going to be a steep capital markets recovery. We think it will be a steady recovery, we think buyers and sellers have largely come together for most asset classes or very close to having come together, not for office, I think, obviously. There is debt available now. There is some positive leverage available now. There's increased interest in multifamily. We've actually seen a little bit of cap rate compression in multifamily and industrial, not much. So we think there'll be a steady improvement next year, but we don't think it's going to be a precipitous improvement. Our plan doesn't anticipate a precipitous improvement. And the anecdotal evidence that we're gathering would suggest that it's going to be more of a steady improvement.
Michael Griffin: That's helpful. And then just going back to your comments around kind of the double-digit expected growth over the near to medium term in those resilient business lines. Can we get a sense -- was this really organic driven? Are you assuming some level of external growth and kind of that expected growth number? I'm just curious, I mean it seems that the stickiness of this -- the nature of these businesses, it seems like you do have pricing power for a lot of this stuff. Just if you could maybe comment on kind of where that growth is coming from?
Bob Sulentic : I'll comment and then I'll ask Emma to also comment. But you mentioned near and medium term, but it's near, medium and long term that we're expecting double-digit growth in these businesses, and it's organic getting us into low double-digit range that will be supplemented by investment -- M&A investment we feel very good about that. As I mentioned in our call today, which we haven't talked a lot about before, but we started to focus on it. Our total addressable market is growing. It was already a huge addressable market, total addressable market for outsourcing that had been only partially tapped. But with Turner & Townsend, with the acquisitions we've done, the total addressable market now for organic growth from where we sit is very strong. We've got these 2 businesses in India and Japan that have become quite prominent for us. an awful lot that we've barely gotten started with in those 2 markets. We've got great leadership teams there. We expect them to be able to grow significantly on a double-digit basis for years to come. But we do have a lot of capital. We do have an M&A strategy, and we think we can supplement that through M&A. So I'm going to let Emma talk about that a little bit.
Emma Giamartino : And so I would add on our resilience SOP, I think we’ve talked about it before, but this is a big earnings stream for us. And for the year, we expect it to deliver $1.8 billion of SOP. So that’s grown at a double-digit rate over the past number of years, and we expect that to continue. That has been both organic and M&A, but to Bob’s point that organic growth has been in the low double-digit range, and we expect that to continue. I think what is not always appreciated is that we’ll end this year at about 60% of our SOP from resilient lines of business. And because of the growth in these businesses, even through a transaction recovery, we expect to remain around that 60% range over time. And then in terms of M&A, we are continuing to look at opportunities to expand mainly in the technical services space within Facilities Management, but also elsewhere, I look at deals like J&J that we did earlier this year, which expanded into the federal government space, and we believe that’s a $20 billion market. And then direct line in the data center space, which we believe is a $30 billion market. So we expect to – we’re looking at more of the same. But of course, as we always say, M&A takes a long time. We want to do deals that are right for us with really strong operating leaders in areas where we think we can deliver a really strong return.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan Chase.
Anthony Paolone: My first question relates to leasing. I mean, how should we think about the potential to grow office leasing from here because you mentioned it being like, I think it was the best third quarter in the company's history. And so I'm just trying to understand if there was some clearing of the backlog or pulling forward of demand there, to kind of see like where it goes from here and what normalized might be?
Bob Sulentic : So, Tony, we don't pretend to have a great view as to exactly where office leasing is going to go. It's been a little bit of an unknown for all of us since we came through COVID, here's what we do believe. There's a lot of news around prime space being leased up in a number of markets at the highest rates ever. And because of our participation in those markets, we've done well. However, we don't believe that this leasing success we've seen recently is driven by prime space. We believe it's being driven by occupiers who want space and are targeting prime space first. And when that prime space is leased up, they will move on to the next best thing, which will give landlords owners of office buildings, the incentive to invest in B and B+ buildings to move them toward A. So we think we're going to see some sustained strength in office leasing. We think we're going to see a continued slow return to the office. We do not believe we're going to go back to pre-COVID levels. But I'll say what I've said on the last 2 or 3 calls, we spend a lot of time with occupier customers. We've got a big conference. We've got 900 people in Dallas this week with our GWS Enterprise business. And everybody is talking about office space as being important to their future. So we expect there to be a sustainable move toward office space that is creating good experiences to get people back in the office. And we think the leasing success we've seen is going to continue into next year and beyond.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. My second question is, if we look back earlier in the year, you guys had some cost pressures that emerged and you took some actions, it seems like, and we saw the margin expansion in the quarter. How should we think about whether you -- whether that's all dialed in at this point? Or how should we think about margin expansion as we look into next year? Is there still room for that? Or any thoughts there?
Emma Giamartino : So the majority of those cost actions were done across Q2 and Q3. So what you're seeing this year is not the full run rate impact. So of course, you'll see a continued impact to our margins -- really strong benefit to our margins in GWS in the fourth quarter. And for the full year, we're expecting our GWS margins to improve over last year. And then that should continue into next year. Again, this is a business that you're not going to see a step change in our margins, but we should see a continued improvement through next year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Bob, I can understand why you don't want to forecast a sharp recovery in the Transaction business. It's certainly not in your best interest to predict that. But to the extent that one occurred, I guess what I'm just trying to figure out is, is it really predicated on just kind of the Fed easing cycle sort of unfolding as they've kind of laid out, is it really having the long end of the bond yield curve kind of coming back down? Is it more stability in the bond yield? Like what would get a sharp recovery in your mind versus a more modest recovery?
Bob Sulentic : Steve, I think all of that contributes to it. But I believe, and I commented on this last quarter, what would create a sharp recovery is more stability in interest rates, maybe them coming down a little bit, but some thought leaders among the investor community stepping into the market, doing some transactions and causing others to believe they had to get in and move quickly because in the absence of doing that, they would end up being buyers downstream at higher prices. And we have seen a little bit of compression for cap rates for the best multifamily and industrial assets already. So I don't think it's totally about interest rates coming down or interest rate stability. I think it's also partially about buyer-seller psychology, which it always is in cycles, of course.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Maybe, Emma, just on sort of the share buybacks, as we think about kind of you guys using free cash flow next year, assuming it's kind of at least $1 billion again. How should we just think about the benefits, acquisitions versus buybacks? And given that the stock is at a much higher price and a higher valuation today, does that sort of temper your enthusiasm for share buybacks? And if you don't do that, kind of where does the free cash flow go?
Emma Giamartino : So I’ll start by saying it does not temper our interest and share buybacks. We are continuing M&A balancing that with buybacks when it makes sense. I will say, as we look at where our share rate is today, valuation of today, it remains at this place, we will definitely consider more buybacks than we’ve done in the past. We believe that we’re trading at a significant discount to our intrinsic value.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair.
Stephen Sheldon: First, I wanted to ask about incremental margins in capital markets, as we are at the early stages of recovery. And specifically, will you need to do much rehiring within capital markets, especially in terms of supporting head count to be able to capitalize on higher volumes? What are you seeing there?
Bob Sulentic : We've got considerable capacity in our mortgage origination team. Although we're adding talent to that team, we've got a great leader in that area of our business who's doing a great job of recruiting. And we've got capacity in our investment sales team. So we don't need to add talent to grow those businesses materially. But it is important, and maybe I should make a clarifying comment. We talk so much about the growth of our resilient businesses because that's an important part of our strategy. But we are doing nothing to restrain the growth of our transactional businesses. We're the market leader in capital markets and leasing, and we're investing in growing those businesses. So you should expect to see us add talent to both the leasing side of the business and the capital markets side of the business, but we don't need to do that to grow significantly from where we are now.
Stephen Sheldon: Understood. That's helpful. And I wanted to maybe -- second, I wanted to drill down into the margin in the GWS segment, great trends there this quarter. I think you talked about there's maybe still some flow-through impact that we should think about some of the actions you took in prior quarters. But just as we think about the next 2, 3, 4 years, what levers do you have to keep pushing margins higher there over time?
Emma Giamartino : So there’s a number of levers. This piece is really resetting. This first stage is really resetting, our cost base, mainly – primarily focused on our operating expenses overall across the business. The second piece that we’re extremely focused on, and we’ve seen some progress in is focusing on contracts, and these are very large contracts, especially in our Enterprise business at incrementally higher margins. So we should – you should continue to see a benefit from that over time, as we do M&A in these highly technical services, all those businesses operate at a higher margin than our traditional business. So that will continue to improve margins over time. And then there’s other things that we can do within our contracts, even our existing contracts to improve that margin. So it will be a steady increase over time, but know that we’re very focused on delivering that steady increase over the next few years.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: A quick one for me. Just going back to the GWS business, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the pipeline, breakout between sort of first generation versus existing contract. I guess I'm wondering, are enterprises just overall engaging more? Or are you guys sustaining share?
Emma Giamartino : We are seeing an increase in first-generation outsourcing contracts. We've talked about it over the last number of quarters and even years. Those contracts typically take or those clients typically take, as you'd expect, longer to convert, sometimes they can take over a year. But we're seeing significant progress there. We're also seeing significant progress in expansions and new wins within our existing client base. Anything that you want to add to that, Bob?
Bob Sulentic : No. I think we're seeing -- as we've always said in that business, we get a lot of growth out of expansions because we get in the door with these enormous occupiers that have -- I'll give you an example. I was having lunch with one of our clients the other day, who runs real estate for a prominent U.S. manufacturer. They have 2,100 leases and facilities around the world. And we do a lot for them that there's a huge amount we don't do for them. And he was telling me how happy they are with what we do in various areas and how they want to expand the relationship. And if you're sitting in the seat, he's sitting in, the demands on you to make that portfolio of properties perform cost effectively to create great experiences on the manufacturing side, where we're able to do more and more to be more efficient from inside the yellow lines perspective. All of that creates opportunity for us. And all of that would come in the expansion area. And then there continues to be a good number of corporations, hospitals, universities, others who -- government entities who are considering outsourcing and haven't done it yet.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. My second question was just going to be, you guys are leaders in multiple different business lines, and you sort of talked about the ability for sort of clients to engage in those business lines. I guess I'm just wondering from sort of the last 2 quarters where you've seen sort of acceleration in capital markets. Are you seeing that thesis sort of through that?
Bob Sulentic : Yes. Unfortunately, you're almost totally cutting out, and we didn't hear the question.
Ronald Kamdem: Sorry about that. Clients being able to engage in multiple business lines, are you seeing that playing out as capital markets are recovering and any sort of anecdotes you could share?
Bob Sulentic : Well, we are seeing that play out especially on the occupier. But on the capital markets side, we -- on the occupier side, we see it more. But on the capital markets side, we do, do a lot of work for those clients. We do valuations work. We do property management work. Obviously, we do building sales work. We do debt financing work for them. So there is a lot we do for the investor clients. They're in the capital markets side of the business as well. Those solutions don't tend to be as integrated as the occupier solutions are, but there's plenty we do, and we have some enormous clients on that side that we interface with on an account basis as opposed to a one-by-one transactional basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: Quite different to be talking about upside at this point in the cycle. I wanted to ask about Trammell Crow. First question would be, if you've identified significant parcels of land entitled currently for industrial, that could be repurposed for our data center use and our devising strategies either through sales or joint venture to monetize such investments.
Bob Sulentic : Yes. Jade, it is a fact that the path to data center land does fairly regularly run through logistics land sites that happen to have adequate power. And because we have a big position in logistics land sites, that's one of the core competencies of Trammell Crow Company to identify and acquire logistics land sites. We are seeing some opportunity there that we're quite confident will result in strong financial returns for us. And we, not surprisingly, given that have a proactive effort underway to identify more of that land. We alluded to it a little bit over the last few quarters. This amount of pent-up profits in our in-process portfolio, the fact that we've put incremental balance sheet capital into the development business when others were on the sideline. That's a significant strategic initiative for us that's probably more prominent than appears on the surface.
Jade Rahmani: And to take the question one step further, relates to some of your initial comments around M&A and infrastructure. Would you contemplate combining aspects of Trammell Crow or REI with something in the infrastructure management or data center space? Across real estate coverage conglomerate type businesses tend to have a discount associated with the development arm because investors struggle to find predictability to earnings. Perhaps that relates to Emma's comments that CBRE might be trading at an intrinsic value discount. But one way to unlock this could be through a strategic transaction in the alternative asset manager space as real estate asset managers tend to trade at very high multiples. Just curious as to your thoughts about potentially spinning off Trammell Crow or combining with something and really building out this data center capability.
Bob Sulentic : Well, there’s some good insights in that question, Jade. I want to start by saying we are not contemplating trading off Trammell Crow Company because it does so – not only is it a really good, really well-run business that generates high returns and creates opportunities for them to invest our capital. But it does interface really productively with other parts of our business, and I’m going to give you an example. During the middle of the COVID stay-at-home era. We started a fund called USLP. It’s a fund that exists in our Investment Management business. We’ve told part of this story before, but it was seeded by a portfolio of Trammell Crow Company industrial development projects, plus also using our own balance sheet to secure a couple of portfolios. And anybody that watches the investment management business knows how hard it is to scale a core-plus fund early on. We started that fund in COVID, put the whole thing together by Zoom. None of the meetings, none of the interface was done in person. Started during COVID. From a standing start, that fund today is $5 billion. That fund would not exist in all probability without Trammell Crow Company. And Trammell Crow Company gives us opportunities to do that in other areas. We’ve got all kinds of things we’re looking at with Trammell Crow Company and our Investment Management business together. Another example, and we’ve alluded to this too, there – we got $2 billion-plus manufacturing plants that we’re handling the land acquisition, land development and project management on in a venture between Turner & Townsend and Trammell Crow Company. If you talk to Denselancy at Turner & Townsend, or Danny Queen and the Trammell Crow Company, they would tell you neither one of them would have done those deals alone. We think that positions them well to do more of that. That’s the kind of thing that gives us confidence about where this business is going to go. So not only is on a kind of freestanding basis is Trammell Crow Company, a really good business for us to have. It does a lot with our other businesses. The other thing I’ll say is it generates a lot of cash with immediate cash conversion that we can use to invest all over CBRE. So a lot that can be done with that business.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Peter Abramowitz with Jefferies.
Peter Abramowitz: And congrats on a very strong quarter. Just wanted to dig into the leasing a little bit. You called out office globally, it was up 26%, which is very impressive. Just curious if we could go sort of broad-based. What are you seeing on the industrial side? How did that compare to the up 26% in office? And any sort of general comments on how things are trending for industrial leasing?
Bob Sulentic : Industrial leasing is trending up, not at the rate that office leasing is. And one of the reasons for that is there's some huge, huge users of industrial space that everybody is aware of. And they took down a lot of space over the last few years, and there -- and they've got vacancy in their portfolios that they're burning through. We think that, that's going to kind of come through the pipeline over the next year or 2 years and that demand will then pick back up on the leasing side after that. But we do expect leasing for Industrial to be better next year, although not dramatically better than it was this year.
Peter Abramowitz: All right. That's helpful. And then maybe to go back to -- I think it was Steve's question, just about rate sensitivity in the capital markets recovery. I guess the Fed has put out this playbook, but the longer than the curve has kind of remained stubbornly high here. So just curious to hear your thoughts on if that continues to be the case, how that would impact sort of your thinking around the magnitude of the capital markets recovery?
Emma Giamartino : And Peter, we’re really focused on the next few months, what we’re seeing through the end of the year. In the guidance that we gave, with the midpoint of $5 of EPS, that embeds a high level of confidence in what we believe is going to happen in the capital markets. So our – we’re expecting our investment sales revenue to grow in Q4 by 30%. So that’s not a low number. I realize it’s off a low base. But – and we have high visibility into that number. I know there’s been lots of questions around rates have gone – the tenure has gone above 4 recently. We don’t expect that to have a huge impact over the next couple of months. We’ve had a record number of rate locks through August and September, and we’re seeing the – the sales activity come off of that. So there shouldn’t be a lot of volatility through the end of the year in our sales activity.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan Chase.
Anthony Paolone: I just have one follow-up. I understand the data center team and the attractiveness there. I was wondering if you could spend a minute on just kind of where you see CBRE's biggest revenue opportunity in that ecosystem? Like what do you see yourselves really doing most there? And how do you make money at it?
Bob Sulentic : We’ve got a bunch of exposure to data centers, Tony. We already talked about the land plays that Trammell Crow Company is making that give us opportunities to profit there. Turner & Townsend has in excess of 110 hyperscale data centers that they’re project managing. We have a data center services business where we manage data centers on behalf of occupiers, we manage between 700 and 800 data centers in that business. We just did the direct line acquisition that has – the early returns on that are really encouraging, and we synergize that with that Data Center Services business. And that does small projects inside the inside the white lines and data centers. So that’s very strong. We have a data center sales business in our Advisory business that’s very, very capable. And with all those things going on in data centers where we have prominent positions, we are doing a decent amount of strategy work as to how we could extract more from that and where we can go from here. We’re not ready to describe any specific strategic initiatives yet, but we’ve got a lot of exposure, a lot of expertise, and we’re exploring opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Just one quick follow-up. Emma, just on the loan servicing business. I realize it's not terribly large, but it was basically flattish in the quarter. I know you sort of referenced it here in the press release, but just anything that kind of pushed that down that was abnormal this quarter?
Emma Giamartino : Yes. The underlying growth is 5%. I think what you see is basically 1% growth, but the actual growth is 5%. We’ve moved from some escrow income had to be moved from loan servicing to the commercial mortgage origination line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: With the 60% contribution from resilient businesses, which is expected to remain near that level, what are your thoughts around instituting a regular quarterly dividend?
Emma Giamartino : Jade, it’s something that we evaluate over time. Right now, we think that we love the flexibility of buybacks, and we’ve been able to execute on our buybacks over the past number of years. So as long as we expect to continue to do that, we don’t think that a dividend is necessary, but it’s something that we evaluate.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to Bob Sulentic for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everybody, and we look forward to talking to you again when we report our year-end results.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 CBRE Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Chandni Luthra, Executive Vice President, Head of FP&A and Investor Relations. Thank you, Sunny. You may begin.
Chandni Luthra: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today's call, I want to say how excited I am to have joined CBRE last month. I know many of you will already and others I'm looking forward to getting to know better in the weeks and months ahead. Now I'll remind you that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation, concerning expected benefits and synergies from the combination of Turner and Townsend and CBRE project management and other M&A transactions, our business outlook, our business plan and capital allocation strategy and our earnings and cash flow outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release in our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I am joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our Chair and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Chandni, and welcome to CBRE. Good morning, everyone. CBRE had a successful second quarter for 3 reasons: first, revenue, profitability and cash flow exceeded our expectations. Second, we made several sizable capital investments consistent with explicit elements of our strategy. Third, we made quick material progress on the cost challenges we identified last quarter. I'll briefly touch on all 3. As a reminder, when M&I referenced our performance relative to expectations, we are comparing results to the outlook provided on our last quarterly call. With this in mind, each of our 3 business segments outperformed expectations for both net revenue and segment operating profits. Highlights included Turner & Townsend, 18% and net revenue increase and revenue growth of 13% in U.S. leasing and 20% in mortgage origination fees. We believe that our advisory segment is on the cusp of an inflection point. On capital deployment, we made significant commitments in the quarter in support of our strategy. Combining CBRE project management with Turner & Townsend, will create an exceptional operator in an enormous space with significant secular tailwinds, given its scale this combined business will have a profound impact on the future of CBRE. I'll discuss the implications of this move in more detail following Emma's remarks. We continue to make investments that take advantage of the lack of capital available for well-positioned real estate opportunities by committing approximately $250 million in the second quarter to development projects, we believe can be harvested at favorable times in the cycle. Our investment management, development and brokerage businesses enable us to identify and execute these opportunities, and our balance sheet gives us the capacity to act on them. Finally, our acquisition of Direct Line Global enhances our capabilities in data center management, a huge market that is growing rapidly. Regarding progress on costs, actions taken in our GWS segment resulted in improved margin versus Q1. This, coupled with new business wins has put us back on track to achieve full year margin expansion, along with mid-teens top line growth and mid- to high teens bottom line growth in this segment. Taking all of this into account, along with our expectations of a strong second half, we have increased our outlook for full year core EPS to a range of $4.70 to $4.90, up from $4.25 to $4.65 previously. Now Emma will discuss our second quarter results and outlook in greater detail. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob, and hello, everyone. I'll begin by highlighting the strong performance of our resilient businesses and an improvement in transaction activity. As a reminder, our resilient businesses include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, valuations and investment management fees. Together, these businesses increased net revenue by 14%, reflecting double-digit organic growth and a strong contribution from M&A. Notably, our GWS and Advisory segments together delivered double-digit net revenue growth for the first time in 18 months, with combined leasing and capital markets revenue increasing for the second consecutive quarter. Our REI segment has also seen an upturn in activity, contracting to sell multiple development assets at attractive valuations, which we expect to complete in the fourth quarter. Now please turn to Slide 6 for a review of the advisory segment. Advisory net revenue rose 9%, with growth in every line of business, except property sales. Globally, leasing revenue exceeded our expectations, led by 13% growth in the U.S., including a nearly 30% jump in office revenue. New York, a bellwether for CBRE was a key driver of the increase. Retail, albeit relatively small, also exhibited strength while industrial activity declined. Leasing momentum has continued in July, supported by a pickup in demand in many large U.S. office markets. Turning to Global Property sales. Revenue began to stabilize, declining only 2% on a local currency basis and 3% in U.S. dollar terms. A 4% decline in the U.S. was somewhat offset by growth in the U.K. where property values have largely reset. While APAC was down in dollar terms, sales revenue ticked up slightly in local currency. Our mortgage origination business produced very strong growth, supported by a 20% increase in origination fees. Loan origination growth was driven by debt funds, which are offering short-term refinancing to bridge the gap until interest rates decline. Advisory's net revenue from resilient businesses rose 11% in aggregate. And overall, advisory SOP rose 9% and net margins ticked up slightly compared with Q2 2023. Please turn to Slide 7 for a discussion of the GWS segment. The segment's net revenue rose 16%, above our expectations, and we are pleased that organic growth also improved by double digits. GWS delivered strong business wins with a healthy balance of new clients and expansions. In addition to robust sales conversion, our pipeline is up more than 6% from the end of 2023. And driven by technology and energy sectors. Product Management net revenue delivered double-digit growth. Bob will go deeper on Turner & Townsend, a business that we do not believe is fully appreciated later in the call. Turning to Facilities Management. Net revenue rose 18% and 11% on an organic basis. We committed nearly $300 million in facilities management M&A in the quarter. Most of the capital went to the Direct Line acquisition, which positions us to accelerate our growth in data center management, an estimated $30 billion market that is growing rapidly. We also acquired a small local facilities management business in Canada. Local Facilities Management started as a U.K.-focused business that had $630 million gross revenue in 2013. And is now a global business with $3.1 billion of gross revenue in 2023, a 17% compound annual growth rate. This business has significant headroom, especially in North America. GWS' net OP margin improved by 20 basis points from the first quarter to 10.1%, better than expected, reflecting our decisive cost actions. We expect to see year-over-year margin expansion in our full year results as those cost actions take effect. Please turn to Slide 8 as I discuss the REI results. Segment operating profit was slightly better than expected, although significantly lower than prior year, driven by the absence of meaningful development project sales. This is consistent with our plans going into the year, but we now believe we are approaching a period when we again generate significant profits from the sale of development assets. Investment Management operating profit was better than expected, largely due to higher co-investment returns. AUM is now at more than $142 billion. The $3.6 billion we've raised thus far this year was offset primarily by lower asset values as well as adverse FX movements. However, asset value declines have moderated, and we have seen evidence of valuation stabilizing in certain preferred asset classes in the U.S. and Europe. Investor sentiment continues to improve with increased appetite for both core and enhanced return strategies. Now I'll discuss cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 9. Free cash flow improved meaningfully to $220 million and conversion was nearly 90% for the quarter. We are increasing our free cash flow outlook for the year to slightly over $1 billion and now expect to be end the year with about 1 turn of net leverage even after deploying $1.3 billion of capital thus far in 2024 across M&A and co-investments. Our year-to-date 2024 capital deployment brings our 3-year total to approximately $4.8 billion, $3.7 billion in M&A and over $1 million in REI co-investments. M&A is integral to our strategy of enhancing our capabilities in parts of our business that are secularly favored or cyclically resilient. The acquisitions we executed in this quarter are clear examples of advancing this strategy. Our investments in development have accelerated and put us in a position to harvest as much as $750 million in profits over the next 4 years. Our combined in-process portfolio and pipeline now stands at nearly $32 billion. Over the last few years, when many developers were on the sidelines, our teams have taken advantage of this opportune time in the cycle to source industrial, multifamily and data center land sites in highly desirable locations. We anticipate strong growth and returns from M&A and co-investments and expect to continue making highly accretive investments supported by our strong balance sheet. Please turn to Slide 10 for a discussion of our outlook. As Bob mentioned, we are increasing our expectations for full year core EPS to the range of $4.70 to $4.90, driven by higher revenue in SOP in each segment. We anticipate a very strong fourth quarter, which should account for just over 45% of our full year EPS. Within advisory, we now expect mid- to high teens SOP growth driven by stronger-than-expected transaction activity. For GWS, we anticipate mid-teens net revenue growth and a full year net SOP margin that is better than the 11.3% we produced in 2023. Our improved outlook is driven by the facilities management acquisitions in Q2 and the effects of our cost actions. For REI, our improved SOP outlook is primarily due to the large development asset sales expected to be completed in Q4, which we believe portends an upturn in this business. Before I conclude, let me take a minute to update you on our longer-term outlook. We have increased confidence in achieving record EPS in 2025, assuming a continued supportive macroeconomic environment. A return to peak core EPS, just 2 years following our earnings trough reflects how well we've improved the resiliency of our business compared with prior downturns. We expect even stronger resiliency in the next cycle as a result of the moves we are making. There are several reasons for our increased confidence in our outlook. First, we expect continued double-digit growth across our resilient businesses, which are on track to contribute $1.8 billion of SOP for full year 2024, up from nearly $1.6 billion in 2023. Second, while it's difficult to predict the cadence of the recovery, we can achieve record earnings without an accelerated rebound in transaction activity. Finally, we expect additional strong growth from the capital deployment plans I described earlier. Taking all of this into account, we have great confidence in sustaining a double-digit long-term growth trajectory. With that, I'll hand the call back to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Emma. I'll close with some thoughts about Turner & Townsend. While Turner & Townsend has some similarities to traditional commercial real estate project management businesses, its differences are significant and compelling. Beyond traditional corporate real estate project management, Turner & Townsend manages large complex programs in the infrastructure, natural resources and green energy sectors. Examples of this include their work for the Sydney Australia rapid transit system, the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority, Toronto and Abu Dhabi's international airports, and the first new nuclear power station to be constructed in the United Kingdom in over 20 years. These programs typically span many years and include an array of individual projects. When Turner & Townsend project work for corporate clients, it typically involves larger, more complex, strategically important assignments. For instance, they are currently program or project managing 112 hyperscale data centers and the creation of multiple billion dollar plus advanced manufacturing plants around the world. Turner & Townsend is also the world's largest cost consultancy, a rapidly growing practice that secures the best pricing from the marketplace and optimizes cost performance across large complex capital programs. The combination of Turner & Townsend and CBRE project management will create significant revenue synergies between the 2 businesses client bases and yield meaningful cost synergies through economies of scale and eliminating redundant functions. Turner & Townsend's leadership team will oversee the combined business. They have an exceptional track record in the areas of growth, strategic decision-making and risk management. Since Vincent Clancy took over as CEO in 2008, Turner & Townsend's net revenue has grown from approximately $225 million to $1.5 billion in 2023 and a compound annual growth rate of 13%. Since CBRE acquired our 60% ownership interest in November 2021 and Turner & Townsend's net revenue has grown at a compounded rate of nearly 20%, attesting to the benefits of being part of CBRE's platform. Finally, I want to stress that the combined business, which is positioned to provide years of resilient double-digit growth is large. It is expected to generate approximately $3.5 billion of net revenue and more than $0.5 billion of SOP in 2024. The business will be large enough resilient enough and rapidly growing enough to change the long-term profile of CBRE. Now operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Congrats on a great quarter. Just starting with the GWS business. You talked about sort of the full year margin improvement being above last year, but all the cost sort of impact is going to take place in the second half, presumably second half is also going to be much higher than the first half. So how do we think about sort of annualizing the second half margin? Is that sort of a good run rate going forward for the business?
Emma Giamartino: So Ronald, what you saw in Q2 is that we took a lot of cost actions in our margin within Q2 and at 10.1% was above what we are expecting and above what we achieved in Q1. And it's obviously not near the run rate that we expect to target. For the full year, we're expecting the overall margin to be above that 11.3% that we delivered last year. So you're going to see higher margins in the second half. And then going into next year, that run rate will be even higher than where we get to for the full year. But we're not going to get to the second half margins on a run rate basis.
Ronald Kamdem: Got it. That's helpful. And then just my second 1 is just on the Advisory expectations and transaction activity. Maybe can you just talk about what you're seeing on the ground? What are you seeing in the pipeline? Obviously, maybe a better rate backdrop but what sort of gives you confidence and conviction that you're seeing these green shoots given that we have had fits and starts in the past
Bob Sulentic: Ronald, first of all, thanks for picking up coverage on us. We're thrilled to have Morgan Stanley following us. The first part of the answer to your question is very anecdotal. We had the quarter, we had in leasing and mortgage originations in the second quarter. And the positive activity has continued into the first part of the third quarter, and I'm going to pass it to Emma to let you talk -- let her talk a little bit more about that. But there are some other things that are giving us confidence. So for instance, we get insight from the fact that we do a lot of different things. We're not only are we an intermediary, but we're a principal. And in our development business now, we are seeing demand for projects that we didn't expect and it's going to happen in the fourth quarter of this year. That gives us confidence that other parts of the capital markets are acting that way. Obviously, there's a sentiment out there that there's going to be a couple of rate cuts or at least one rate cut this year. the bid-ask spreads are narrower than they were before, except maybe in office. Our investment sales brokers and mortgage brokers are more active and have stronger pipelines than they did before. Our work with office tenants, where we measure through all kinds of different mechanisms and surveys sentiment has gotten better. So we have this anecdotal evidence from the second quarter starting and then the third quarter. And then we have more technical evidence that causes us to think that we may well have gone through an inflection point on transactions that's going to impact leasing. It's going to impact sales. It's going to impact mortgage brokerage, and it's going to have a really nice impact in the fourth quarter on the profitability of our development business. Emma, you might want to add to that.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So Ronald, what we're seeing on the leasing side is that continues to pick up globally. In the U.S., you're -- we talked about we're seeing the greatest strength in office leasing. Industrial has been declining slightly, but office is more than making up for that. And so continuing into July, we're seeing early signs of accelerating growth within leasing. And we think that would be a great outcome. So we're expecting that to continue through the remainder of the year. On the sales side, we do see strong signs that the sales market is stabilizing. Globally, we're still seeing declines, but you can argue that it's relatively flat globally. Sales activity for us revenue in the quarter was only down 2% on a local currency basis. And we're actually seeing going into July. And again, it's very early. So we're not going to call anything, but we're starting to see an uptick in activity in the U.S. sales market.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone: Bob, you talked about the distinction between Turner & Townsend and just the more traditional commercial real estate businesses. I mean -- is that something that you would consider spinning off at some point? I mean, you kind of talked quite a bit about those differences and making this disclosure change. So it seemed like maybe you do think of this as being a bit different than the rest of what CBRE does?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, it's different. But there's a lot of synergy between what Turner & Townsend does and what we do, and it's 2-way synergy. They're -- they operate in 60 countries around the world, and they're more substantial in parts of the world than we are. We've been able to introduce them to our client base in a number of places very successfully. And I'm going to give you an anecdote, and I'm going to give you some numbers, one that's repetitive. Turner Townsend grew over Vince Clancy's tenure 13% for many, many years on a compounded basis, more than a decade. Since they've been part of us, they've grown at 20%. Anecdotally, and I mentioned earlier, where we benefit from having a whole bunch of different businesses that we undertake. Anecdotally, there are a couple of major corporate manufacturing plants that Trammell Crow Company and Turner & Townsend, are cooperating on to deliver the development services work and the program management work billion-plus dollar plant, we believe at Trammell Crow Company, and we believe that Turner & Townsend, and Vince and his team believe that those projects wouldn't have been landed by us, had we not had the ability for those 2 businesses to cooperate. So Turner & Townsend would be a great public company, make no mistake about it. There's a lot of enthusiasm for companies like them in the public markets today. They're very unique even relative to other large program and project management firms and large engineering firms. But they fit really, really nicely with us. And we think there's going to be a great story long term there. We've put Vince on our board because we think there's so much synergy between what he and his business do and what the rest of our company does. So I hope they're a very long-term part of CBRE.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And when the disclosure has changed, then have sort of the remaining facilities business and then the project management, how should we think about just organic growth for the facility is a piece of it, because it sounds like project management is going to be pretty high. Just where does that lead facility is?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. Facilities management, we believe, has a low double-digit organic revenue growth trajectory for the very long term, and that's supported by 2 components. One, the enterprise side, which is where we manage large occupier clients globally, that business should grow at a high single-digit rate. And that's where you see most of our competitors play in that space. So where our facilities management business is different from our competitors is our local business. And that's, as you know, the regionally focused business that I talked about in my remarks that has grown in a 17% compound rate. over the past decade. And that business should grow at the low to mid-teens rate, which is bringing up and even higher over time, and we expect to do M&A within the local sector, so that on an organic basis, we are confident that we'll remain in the low double-digit range. And then M&A on top of that will get us higher.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Got it. And if I could just ask one more question just on the guidance. How much of the [BOM] should we think about as coming from just the outlook for selling more stuff than Trammell Crow and the development gains there?
Emma Giamartino: So we increased guidance across all 3 segments. So I'll walk through all 3 of them. Within Advisory, as you'd expect, increase in transaction activity, and we're getting to mid- to high teens SOP growth. Within GWS, the increase is largely due to M&A. Our organic growth expectations are in line with what we expected going into the year. And we're getting to mid- to high teens SOP growth for the year within GWS as well. And then REI is probably about past of the contribution for the increase in guidance and those couple of very large development deals that we expect to monetize in the fourth quarter. And when you look at the second half, what you're seeing is accelerated growth across all segments. Advisory, you're going to see low double-digit revenue growth in the second half, but very strong SOP growth as we have very strong high incremental margins across our leasing and sales business. And then GWS, as we've talked about, we've expected very strong revenue growth in the second half as both M&A picks up in the second half and as the large contracts that we won earlier this year and late last year start to be onboarded. And again, we've done a lot of cross works. You're going to see higher than higher than our run rate margins within GWS in the second half as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: On capital market side, could you characterize the tone and tenor from participants in the quarter. Property sales were still down year-on-year, but commercial mortgage surged. Could you please provide some color on what you're seeing?
Emma Giamartino: So on the commercial mortgage side, we saw a strong uptick in loan origination, and that was primarily for refinancing. So there is a big uptick in loan source from debt funds. Volumes from debt funds increased by over 70% in the quarter. And that was all refinancing. They're offering very short-term bridge loans to bridge providers until the banks and the agencies pick up. We actually saw a decline in originations from banks and the agencies as well. So we expect that to pick up in the second half of the year as rates come down.
Jade Rahmani: On the sales side, are you seeing an uptick in acquisitions yet? Or is it still pretty subdued there most of deal flows on the debt side?
Emma Giamartino: We're still seeing -- we're having a slight uptick in acquisitions, but it's off such a low base that it's not meaningful. It's not a meaningful contributor to our increase.
Jade Rahmani: On the leasing side, many office tenants continue to shrink on average, somewhere around 10%, 12%. But activity was so substituted the past 2 years, you are seeing an uptick. Could you talk about that and also comment on retail?
Emma Giamartino: So on the office side, we are -- we think we've stabilized in terms of size of transactions, and we're really seeing an uptick in volume, and we're seeing our uptick in terms of regionally we talked about it, you're seeing most of that increase in New York as occupiers are transacting across larger deals. We aren't seeing big movements in terms of square footage per transaction in terms of, obviously, rent per transaction, all of those metrics seem to have stabilized.
Jade Rahmani: And lastly, on the REI uptick, is that primarily driven by multifamily. I believe that's around 30% of the pipeline. Could you comment as to the percentage of gains. Are they going to be lower than historical due to the cost inflation we've seen as well as interest rates? Or do you think the demand for new products is outweighing that?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, let me ask you to clarify that. When you say REI, are you talking about development or the investment management business?
Jade Rahmani: Yes. Sorry, I should have clarified. Within REI, the Trammell Crow business.
Bob Sulentic: The activity we're seeing is across 3 product types, data centers, industrial and multifamily. The stuff we harvest in the fourth quarter is going to be more skewed towards data centers than it ever has been before. That -- and what's happened there, and again, I don't mean to be too repetitive in what I say. But because of the number of things we're doing across our platform, we end up being in a very strong position to generate certain kind of benefits that we wouldn't other generate. We wouldn't otherwise generate. Trammell Crow Company, when you hear the headlines, there's a developer. We build this kind of building or that kind of building when we sell it. But one of the things that Trammell Crow Company is exceptional at is land acquisition, entitlements and then developing on the land or harvesting land sites at a profit. The development work they've done over time on the industrial side has put Trammell Crow Company in a position to end up with considerable amounts of land that can be used for data centers. When that happens, the transition from industrial land to data center land generally results in pretty significant profitability, and that's going to be a big part of the picture you see in the fourth quarter. Looking out a little further, though, what's really, really important to know is that there has been a real lack of capital for securing development -- new development opportunities in the market the last couple of years. We went through that ourselves third-party capital slowed way down. That started to come back significantly. We've capitalized a good number of development projects with third-party capital this year. But the other thing we've done is we've come in ourselves, and we've identified opportunities in a bigger way than we have historically to use our own balance sheet to buy development land and in some cases, fund components of the development process beyond the land -- and we are -- we study it very closely. We are quite confident that we are going to be developing projects and in particular, multifamily projects into markets where the number of new projects coming online has slowed down dramatically. And that's what you're seeing or hearing in our comments about profitability coming out of that business.
Jade Rahmani: Can you say whether the increase in guidance or the uptick in REI in the fourth quarter is predominantly due to the data center sales. I have in my coverage team homebuilders, for example, sell land parcels, they intended for residential to data center developers and they've generated huge gains, but those really are not as sustainable as their regular business.
Emma Giamartino: So the uptick in the fourth quarter is large -- in REI, is largely related to the data center asset sales. But the comment around is whether that's sustainable. I think one of the pieces that we really focused on in our remarks is the embedded profits within our Trammell Crow in-process and pipeline portfolio. And we talked about $750 million of profit that are in that portfolio today at relatively conservative underwriting assumptions that we expect to generate over the next 4 years. Now that will be more weighted towards the out years as it takes time to build these projects. But there is a significant amount of earnings embedded in that portfolio and is very much sustainable. And we do think that, that element of our business is underappreciated, the amount of profits that will be coming out of that. And so when you look at these data center sales that we're expecting this year, we believe that, that's a signal to us that there is an upturn in this business coming and there will be an uptick from here.
Bob Sulentic: If I could, I may just add on to that. And Jade, to specifically address what you said and that $750 million does not depend on all kinds of good luck with industrial sites transitioning to be data center sites. That's an asset-by-asset review of our portfolio. For the purposes that we acquired it for unless we know today that it's going to move to another asset class and measuring where we think it will come out over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Griffin with Citi.
Michael Griffin: Just want to go to capital deployment for my first question. Obviously, you guys have been so far this first half of the year, whether it's through M&A or buying back stock. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of how you weigh kind of those opportunities against each other. Is there a time where your stock price might hit a certain dollar amount, you're like all right at the time to really get aggressive here and just kind of how you weigh those 2 factors against each other. Color there would be appreciated.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So our strategies remain consistent in terms of capital deployment. We prioritize M&A and we're focused on looking at strategic, highly accretive acquisitions that drive a very strong return and will enhance our capabilities, we've been very focused on facilities management and project management. We expect both of those to ticking up over the next few years. Our pipeline is very strong, though we always caution that it's very difficult to predict M&A, and we are extremely diligent in our underwriting. And so we focus on the deals that make the most sense and are going to drive the strongest return. And then in every single one of our deals, they have to exceed a hurdle rate that makes sense and they have to exceed the return that we would get from share repurchases. So we look at where we're [indiscernible] trading compared to your extrinsic value and make sure that those deals exceed that. If we don't have a tremendous amount of M&A in our pipeline or it's difficult to execute for whatever reason, and you've seen this in the past 3 years, we will buy back our shares. This year, we've done a lot of M&A so far, so I don't expect a tremendous amount of repurchases in the second half of the year, but that's simply a result of the amount of capital we've deployed this year.
Michael Griffin: Emma, can you give us a sense of kind of those hurdle rates you're underwriting for potential M&A opportunities?
Emma Giamartino: So well above our cost of capital. Most of our deals -- I think all of our deals are underwritten at above the mid-teens returns. And that's pretty much all I can say about that.
Michael Griffin: Great. That's helpful. And then my second question was just kind of on the leasing. I know you touched on it earlier, particularly for the office side. But -- are you seeing this greater demand coming from all office products broadly? Or is it just in kind of that [Tropin] Class A product. And then you called out New York as a relative bright spot, but I'm wondering if there are any other big markets either domestically or globally, that surprised you to the upside?
Bob Sulentic: Well, for sure, Class A office space is really attractive now because so many companies are focused on the experience of their employees, the productivity of their employees, the presence of their employees, et cetera, that's a well-documented dynamic. And it's easier to make that happen in better quality office space. But beyond New York, yes, in the tech markets, we're seeing considerable pickup. And I believe -- we believe that it's driven by AI and all the activity around AI, the Bay Area, Austin, Texas, et cetera. We're seeing a pickup in those markets.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Most of my questions have been asked. But I guess 1 small just follow-up. I know the share buybacks was relatively light in the quarter, but I didn't necessarily see a the actual shares bought back or an average price on the buybacks. I don't know if you have that.
Emma Giamartino: In the quarter, it was minimal. We repurchased $50 million worth of shares at an average price off $87.
Steve Sakwa: Great. And then maybe, Bob, just on the cost containment, obviously, that seemed to maybe come through much faster than I think you expected and we expected, maybe just speak to that a little bit. And I guess just how are you thinking about talent retention and talent acquisition at this part of the cycle? And how does that maybe affect or not affect kind of the margins going forward?
Bob Sulentic: Steve, we have a philosophy about our business here that we want to drive this company in a way that we perform at a high level in everything we do. One of the things that we're doing in that regard is focusing more and more on getting rid of costs that don't contribute to the success of the company. Cost of every kind, technology projects that don't contribute, people that don't contribute office space that doesn't contribute. And the stuff that does contribute good office space, good technology, good people, we are aggressive buyers of those things to build our business. And what's happened is, and we have a transformation office that reports to analysts, so I ought to let Emma comment on that is we are aggressively looking for those things we can get rid of, and you saw that happen in the second quarter. But the stuff we need, we're aggressive buyers. We're aggressive buyers of land. We're aggressive buyers of talent. We brought on some spectacular talent in the last quarter. We have an aggressive technology investment program, but we are narrowing the things that we're investing in and being very careful. And Emma, if you want to add to that?
Emma Giamartino: Yes, I will add. Our transformation office is focused on making long-term sustainable change in how we operate our business. And so we are not focused on episodic cost reduction we want to be focused on delivering consistent operating leverage over time. So you can see that margin expansion. And that's not an easy thing to do. It's something that we're very focused on. All of our business leaders are very focused on, so from here on out, everything is focused on really driving that efficiency. And as we add resources as we invest in technology, as we invest in people, those are extremely smart decisions so that we know that down the road, we don't have to cut back.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Sheldon with William Blair.
Stephen Sheldon: Nice work here. First, now that you'll have direct line, are there other pieces you might need to pursue a comprehensive facility management solution around data centers and GWS. And just generally, how are you thinking about that opportunity and the differentiation of your capabilities now relative to peers and others playing in that market?
Bob Sulentic: Stephen, to answer that question, I want to back up and talk about how we think about M&A. And I think M&I would agree that there's more work we have to do on our side to get the market that invests in CBRE's shares to understand how we do M&A. First of all, we don't have a group of businesses and a group of leaders that sits there and waits for something to come up for sale at a good price. We are a very strategy-driven company. Each of our businesses has a strategy for how they want to grow. And that strategy is very attentive to, a, adding capabilities and b, adding capabilities in areas that we think will sustainably do well in the marketplace, either because they're cyclically resilient or they are secularly favored. There's no better example of that, obviously than Turner & Townsend. So if you look at our facilities management business, doing things that the marketplace wouldn't expect us to do because we've asked the leaders in the various sectors within facilities management, so manufacturing, financial technology, et cetera, to understand their business and the capabilities that they can be in that business that will differentiate it and make it attractive to our clients in the long run. They wouldn't go out in the marketplace seeking out those acquisitions. So the deals that you've heard us make in the last year, those -- we do not do those deals through auctions. None of those deals came to Turner & Townsend, wasn't done through an auction, J&J wasn't done through an auction. Direct Line wasn't done through an auction. The local FM business we bought in Canada, during the quarter wasn't done through an auction. Those were -- none of those were done through an auction. We went to the sellers of those businesses or the owners of those businesses and pursued them because we thought they were a good fit. We have ideas around our business. We have an increasingly well-developed corporate development team led by 14, 15-year Morgan Stanley veteran that then acts on those ideas to acquire them and we integrate them after that. That's our approach to M&A. And as a result, you should expect us to see -- you should expect to see us do more deals in the facilities management space and other spaces that you didn't expect because they aren't highly visible by others in the market.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. Yes, that's really helpful. And then just, I guess, as a follow-up in investment management, can you just talk about what you're seeing on the fundraising side right now? Is the environment there changed as you look back over the last few months.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. We've seen a pickup activity -- inactivity. We are expecting a pickup in activity in enhanced return strategies, but we've also seen a pickup in the first half in core and core plus. And I think you're hearing that broadly across the market, which we think is a very positive indicator for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Now our next question is from Peter Abramowitz with Jefferies.
Peter Abramowitz: I just wanted to ask about sort of the relative stabilization and resilience versus your expectation in the investment sales market. I guess could you just give more color on what you think is driving that? And could you comment and just give some more color on whether that's dry powder on the sidelines and how much kind of pent-up demand there is from the last couple of years a pretty depressed activity.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Peter, you just said something that's really important, pent-up demand. When we talk about investment sales activity coming back, the trading of assets coming back. It's not going to be a circumstance whether the marketplace is going to become more attractive because rates have stabilized, bid-ask spreads have come down. And therefore, a bunch of people that wouldn't have otherwise been in the market are going to say, "Oh, it's a better environment. Maybe I should sell something. " There has been a massive base of assets held by people that wanted to sell them for the last couple of years. There has been a massive amount of capital on the sidelines that wanted to get in and do real estate deals for the last couple of years. The buyers and sellers have been there. We don't have to find them. They're there. What has to happen is the environment needs to get to a place where you're going to see people jump in and act. And what's happened is the certainty around interest rates coming down has grown the bid-ask spread has narrowed. There's less volatility in the market. And that's why in a business like our Trammell Crow Company development business, where we're a principal not an intermediary, we're seeing action very real action that's going to take place in the fourth quarter. We've been there with those assets. Now we're going to trade those assets because the environment is going to be right.
Peter Abramowitz: Bob. I appreciate the color. And then I wanted to ask about specifically on the office leasing side. I guess just kind of looking at the algorithm between pricing and volume, obviously, volume is improving to start the first half of the year. Overall, I mean, are you still seeing pricing continuing to go up on those trophy assets? And then overall, in the broader market, if you zoom out to look at trophy as well as kind of Class A minus and then commodity below that, how is pricing trending? And how does that sort of affect your outlook for leasing revenues?
Bob Sulentic: Peter, Emma is a good one to answer that question because in addition to all the other things she does, she actually handles our real estate portfolio, and she's in the market now. And so she can tell you as a consumer what that feels like.
Emma Giamartino: So on the office leasing side, and Bob is talking about locking in New York. For trophy assets, yes, especially in New York, those prices are increasing. But if you look broadly across our office leasing portfolio of transactions, pricing is pretty much stabilized, but there are very -- there's big differences in what's happening by asset type and by quality of assets and by market.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the floor back over to Bob Sulentic for any closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks for joining us, everyone, and we'll talk to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Q1 2024 CBRE Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Head of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin. 
Bradley Burke: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. 
 Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our economic outlook, our business plans and capital allocation strategy and our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. 
 I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our Chair and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5, and I'll turn the call to Bob. 
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, it's important to note that Emma and I regularly reference our performance relative to expectations during these quarterly calls. In office, the expectations we are referencing are based on the outlook we provided during our most recent quarterly call. 
 We started 2024 by delivering core earnings that exceeded our expectations. This was driven in part by solid net revenue growth. However, several notable elements of our performance differed from our time going into the year. I'll touch on 3 of them: leasing strength, property sales weakness and cost pressure. 
 Leasing outperformed expectations, driven by office leasing growth globally, that reflects a resilient economy and companies making progress on bringing their employees back to the office. At the same time, persistent inflation kept interest rates higher than expected, which led to underperformance in our property sale transaction activity. 
 Our Global Workplace Solutions segment again delivered double-digit net revenue growth even as margins fell short of expectations. Our costs in GWS have increased at an unacceptable rate, and we have initiated actions to bring them quickly back into line with revenue trajectory. These actions include consolidating the management of advisory and GWS under our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli, with an explicit focus on rapidly ringing out unnecessary costs and better integrating the solutions we deliver for occupier clients. Significant progress has already been made on these efforts. 
 We expect GWS' cost challenges to be mostly mitigated by year-end with the majority of our actions being initiated in the second quarter. As a result, this segment remains poised to achieve mid-teens SOP growth for the full year. Looking across the whole business. We remain confident that we will generate core earnings per share in the range of $4.25 to $4.65. Our confidence is underpinned by our resilient business' continued strong performance, our rapid actions on costs and the fact that advisory services remains on track to achieve its growth target for the year despite a more uncertain economic outlook. Emma will discuss the specifics of our outlook in greater detail after reviewing our first quarter performance. Emma? 
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. At a consolidated level, core EBITDA was in line with our expectations as slight outperformance in REI and lower-than-expected corporate costs offset margin underperformance in GWS. Advisory SOP performed as anticipated. 
 Core [indiscernible] exceeded expectations due to a onetime tax benefit. Please turn to Slide 6 for a review of the Advisory segment. Despite an interest rate outlook that's steadily worsened throughout the quarter, Advisory net revenue rose 3%, consistent with expectations, bolstered by its first quarter of transactional revenue growth in 6 quarters and growth from every line of business except property sales. 
 Leasing revenue rose in every region, and global growth exceeded our expectations. Office leasing grew by double digits globally as a resilient economy and progress on return to office plans have been both intended to make occupancy decisions. We have continued to see strong momentum in U.S. leasing in April. 
 Financial services companies are leading the recovery with active demand up more than 20% year-over-year of U.S. gateway markets, reflecting their considerable progress in bringing employees back to the office. Tech companies continue to lag with demand 50% below pre-COVID levels. 
 Globally, property sales revenue declined 11% with weakness in the U.S. and APAC. EMEA is showing early signs of recovery with sales up 8% year-over-year, where growth was led by the U.K., where property values have made more progress towards resetting as well as [indiscernible]. We saw strong growth in our loan origination business despite continued weak property sales activities. 
 Our growth was driven by loan origination activity and escrow income. Loan origination fees grew 16%, primarily driven by a heavier weighting of higher-margin loans sourced with debt funds. Escrow income is de minimis in a low interest rate environment, but acts as a hedge in the current economic environment. We saw this in Q1 when escrow income increased nearly threefold from Q1 2023. 
 The remaining businesses within Advisory, Property Management, Loan Servicing and Valuations together grew revenue by 5% as expected. For the full year, we expect these businesses to deliver low double-digit revenue growth led by property management, particularly as the Brookfield office assets are on-boarded beginning in Q2. 
 Moving to Advisory SOP. I'll call out 2 onetime impacts that weighed on margins in the quarter. First, we experienced elevated medical claims that should reverse later in the year; and second, we trued up interest income owed to a small number of clients. Absent these onetime costs and excluding [indiscernible] margin would have improved 25 basis points versus the prior year Q1. Please turn to Slide 7 as I discuss the GWS segment. 
 Net revenue rose 10%, in line with our expectations. Facilities Management and Project Management net revenue were up 11% and 7%, respectively. Project Management faced a particularly difficult comparison as net revenue surged 18% in Q1 2023. We had a second consecutive quarter of very strong business wins with a healthy balance between new clients and expense. 
 As of the end of Q1, we already have commitments for nearly $900 million of anticipated net revenue growth, representing the significant majority of our projected growth for the full year. Having already locked in this much of our expected growth gives us confidence in achieving our full year revenue plan. 
 SOP margin on net revenue declined by 90 basis points from the prior year Q1. More than half of the decline reflects a onetime impact to gross profit margin from the same unusually large medical claims we saw in Advisory. The remainder is related to 2 areas of higher costs. 
 First, we've made investments in certain initiatives that we are discontinuing. Second, our operating expenses have crept up over time as we've expanded into new sectors, entered new geographies and added redundant costs related to recent M&A. In response, we are taking a fresh look at GWS' cost structure and are already executing substantial actions across the business. The benefit of these cost actions, as well as our elevated new business wins, will be apparent in Q3 and particularly Q4. Please turn to Slide 8 for a discussion of the Real Estate Investments segment. 
 This segment's significantly lower earnings were slightly better than we had expected. As we previously discussed, last year's first quarter benefited from an unusually large gain on a development portfolio while project sales activity remained subdued in the current higher cap rate environment. The value of our development in process portfolio increased by $3 billion to $9 billion in total, due to the start of a particularly large fee development project. 
 Investment Management performance was in line with expectations and below the prior year, largely due to slightly lower AUM. Fundraising activity was up 50% compared with Q1 2023. Inventors are showing strong appetite for enhanced return and infrastructure strategies, although we expect fundraising to flow from the first quarter's robust levels. Recent fund raising is not yet reflected in AUM, which fell modestly in the quarter to $144 billion, driven by negative market and FX movements. 
 Before turning to our outlook, I want to briefly touch on free cash flow. Cash flow conversion has improved for the second consecutive quarter, and we are beginning to see the reversal of incentive compensation headwinds that we experienced last year driven by record earnings in 2022. We expect to generate approximately $1 billion of free cash flow this year and end the year with around 1 turn of net leverage. Now please turn to our updated outlook on Slide 9. 
 Although interest rate expectations have changed significantly and the economic outlook is more uncertain as Bob noted, we remain confident that we'll earn core EPS in the range of $4.25 and to $4.65 this year. Within Advisory, we continue to expect mid-teens SOP growth unless economic conditions take a sharp turn for the worst. Our base case scenario envisions that the economy remains resilient and interest rate cuts are delayed. Under these conditions, faster leasing growth compensates for subdued sales activities. 
 As Bob mentioned, we also still anticipate mid-teens SOP growth for the GWS segment. SOP growth will be very heavily weighted to the second half as recent wins are on-boarded, and we see the impact of our cost-cutting efforts. In REI, we now expect a more pronounced SOP decline, given continued higher interest rates. However, the range of outcomes is better than normal, with the key variable being whether the market for development project sales improved late in the year. 
 While REI SOP is unusually depressed right now, we expect these businesses to lead our growth once market conditions inevitably improve. Additionally, as per broad-based efficiency efforts, our COO, Vik Kohli and I are taking a hard look at corporate costs and expect them to be lower for the year than initially anticipated. Assuming the midpoint of our outlook range, we expect to generate nearly 70% of full year core EPS in the second half of the year. This heavy normal weighting reflects the expected cadence of GWS revenue and cost reductions and a slight recovery of our property sales and [indiscernible] businesses later in the year. 
 Our expectations for profit growth in 2014 are now driven to a greater degree by the cost components of our business, which are within our control. As such, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our earnings outlook under a range of reasonable economic assumptions. With that, operator, we'll open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: I guess first question relates to just the guidance at your midpoint and the comments here around 70% in the back half. I guess it implicitly means that 2Q goes down notably. And so I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more color on that, whether EBITDA also goes down sequentially or if that's an EPS matter? Anything there? 
Emma Giamartino: So Anthony, I do want to walk through the components of our 2024 outlook again. And the headline is that we've -- our -- the midpoint of our outlook is unchanged, but I do want to opt to the components that were -- that built to that outcome. From the Advisory line, you saw our SOP growth trajectory is in line with what we talked about in February. However, the path to get there is slightly different because what we're seeing is that leasing is stronger than we had anticipated because of the health of the economy and sales is weaker as rate cuts have been pushed out. 
 On the GWS side. Again, you see that our SOP targets for the year is unchanged. We have consistently talked about the fact that our revenue growth this year in GWS will be back-end loaded as these large lumpy enterprise contracts get on-boarded in the second half of the year. And additionally, what you're seeing is we're going to take out costs from GWS, and so we're going to see margin expansion in the second half of the year. 
 On the REI front, we are expecting a slight decline versus last year, and that's to talk about a 10% decline. But what's important to note about REI is that there is a wide range of outcomes. And right now, we're anticipating a large number of monetizations in Q4 within our development business. And as you know, there is uncertainty around when those will hit and if they'll get pushed into 2025 or stay in 2024. 
 And then on the corporate segment level. Those costs are coming in lower than we had initially anticipated. So if you put all of that together, you would get to an EPS midpoint that is higher than what we've indicated. But as we said in February, we do have some conservatism embedded in our outlook because of the wide range of outcomes, especially in Advisory and in Development. 
 As for Q2, yes, you'll see a decline year-over-year, and that's simply because both in GWS and in Advisory, that revenue growth and that margin expansion is back end -- is second-half loaded. 
Anthony Paolone: So even sequentially, though, does EBITDA kind of move down sequentially from 1Q to 2Q? Today just seems a little bit counter to the normal seasonality. 
Emma Giamartino: No. EBITDA will not be declining from Q1 to Q2. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And should we think about just full year EBITDA margins still being up versus '23 at this point? 
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So EBITDA margin should be up across both Advisory and GWS and at the consolidated level. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just last one. You mentioned a large development project because you saw the roughly $3 billion balance in Developments underway. But it sounds like that's a fee deals. Just wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail because it's a big increase, and I always looked at that as being something that could drive, promote and your share of gains, but it sounds like maybe there's also like fee projects in there as well where you may not participate. Just maybe some more details there. 
Emma Giamartino: Yes. The significant majority of that increase is related to an extremely large industrial deal in the Sunbelt. It's over 2 million square feet. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. 
Steve Sakwa: I just wanted to touch on capital allocation. Obviously, you had the J&J deal in the first quarter. I noticed you didn't buy back any stock. I guess, first, were you in much of a blackout period, which you didn't really -- weren't allowed to buy back stock? Or was that more of a conscious decision just based on where the stock was? And how should we be thinking about, I guess, stock repurchases going forward as well as capital deployment in the more kind of economic uncertain environment? 
Emma Giamartino: Steve, what you saw in Q1 was related to J&J. We've always talked about we're balancing M&A and share repurchases, and our priority is to deploy capital towards M&A and strategic M&A. And so in Q1, we pulled back on repurchases as we were executing that transaction. We have started repurchasing shares in Q2 to a small extent. And for the balance of the year, you should expect that to continue. As we do more M&A, you'll see that come through. But if we're not seeing a strong conversion of our M&A pipeline, you'll see us repurchase shares as long as our prices remaining attractive. And our goal is, on a consistent basis, to deploy at least our free cash flow on an annual basis. 
Steve Sakwa: Free cash flow in total? 
Emma Giamartino: Yes. 
Steve Sakwa: Okay. But I mean the J&J deal was a large chunk of probably your free cash flow for the year. So that kind of puts limited buyback activities in totality. Is that a fair way to think about it? 
Emma Giamartino: That is fair. 
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then, I guess, Bob, just on the transaction side, it's not the biggest line item, but it probably has more to do with the sentiment around the stock and how people think about the business, even though you certainly diversified the company quite a bit and made it more resilient. I'm just curious, what are you kind of hearing from the field in terms of the transactions and just rates? And is it more about the actual Fed cut? Is it more about stability in the 10-year? I mean, I guess, is it the level of rate? Or is it more of the direction of rate and the uncertainty over that, that creates kind of the pause in the market? 
Robert Sulentic: Steve, first of all, there's 2 areas of our business where it really comes through in our numbers. One is our sales business, one is our development business where we sell assets and generate profits from that. At the beginning of the year, the assumption of our teams was more bullish about the trajectory of interest rates than it is now without a doubt. That shouldn't surprise anybody. I'm sure that's true across the whole market. It's also true of buyers and sellers of assets in general. And as a result, it's just slowed down activity on the sales side. 
 And what we're thinking about as a seller of assets in Trammell Crow Company in our development business is exactly what others are thinking about. They've decided to stay on the sidelines longer. We decided to stay on the sidelines longer. We've got a portfolio of great assets that we're going to sell at some point, but we're not going to sell them until we think the environment is such that we can get the pricing we want, and it's hard to get that pricing when interest rates are higher. And that's really what you're seeing. And the sentiment is, in fact, different now than it was at the beginning of the year. Of course, the flip side is it's different because economy is better, and we have this very big leasing business that's benefited from that. 
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then last, I just wanted to clarify. I think you said, I may have missed it, that there was a tax benefit in the in the reported core EPS number this quarter. But I don't know if you sort of quantified it, and I don't recall seeing a specific mention of that in the release. So could you just clarify that, please? 
Emma Giamartino: Correct. It's about a $50 million tax benefit in the quarter that will not repeat. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jade Rahmani at KBW. 
Jade Rahmani: Taking a step back. From my vantage point, the big growth opportunities would seem to be infrastructure, investment management and commercial mortgage. Could you comment if you agree with that and where you see the most potential? 
Robert Sulentic: Project management, in general, Jade, is a big, big growth opportunity, project and program management not limited to infrastructure. Corporates are doing a lot of work. There's work in natural resources. That's -- we see that as well into the double digits enduring grower, and it's now become a very big business for us. 
 Our whole auction business, our whole GWS business is benefiting from a long-term secular double-digit growth profile, and we expect that to continue. We expect that to continue for our -- what we call our local GWS business and for our enterprise business. So that's going to be a strong grower for us. 
 We do think -- if you look at where we're at with our development business and our investment management business, they should be -- Emma commented on this in her remarks. They should lead growth over the next few years just because where the -- those businesses are really at a cyclical low point. 
 And if you follow the -- yes, we had a big add to our in-process development through a few which, by the way, that's a deal that Trammell Crow Company and Turner & Townsend are doing together. And before the Turner & Townsend arrangement, we would have been less well positioned to do that, and you should see more of that. 
 But that big portfolio of in-process projects for Trammell Crow Company has a lot of pent up profitability. And so you should see a lot of profit growth coming out of that business. And yes, we think our mortgage business is positioned for a lot of growth. So we have confidence right across our business and our ability to grow. And I can tell you, we're going through a deep dive with our strategy team and some outside help. Looking at our strategy, we've got 9 lines of business that we're in. We're the global leader in 6 of them. We're the domestic U.S. leader in development, and we are bullish about growth in all of them, not equally bullish. And I spiked out the ones that we're more bullish about. But we think the growth profile for our business, the enduring growth profile is well into double digits, certainly in the next several years, but longer term as well. 
Jade Rahmani: Switching to GWS. The comment around the pipeline, that seems new. So I think investors are trying to [indiscernible] that how to interpret that. Could you give some color as to how much relates to J&J, which I believe was expected to add annual revenue of $825 million. And also just the regular rate double-digit growth that was expected, how much of the $900 million is new business that would be in addition to prior expectations? And then secondly, the medical claims and overall cost controls. If you could provide any color there and why that surprised management? 
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And Jade, on the pipeline comments, can you just give us more on what you're seeing -- or what you're hearing that's different from what we've said previous? 
Jade Rahmani: Well, the $900 million that was mentioned, we're trying to understand if that's accretive to prior to our prior expectations. I think in our forecast, we have about $10.2 billion of net revenue, which is [ $1.5 ] million above last year, and that in some new revenue coming in from J&J, which probably would contribute $500 million to $600 million for the year. So stripping that out, trying to compare that to the $900 million and just see how much of that is really new information versus prior. 
Emma Giamartino: Got it. Okay. So that $900 million is not a new information. When we provided our outlook at the beginning of the year for GWS, it was for that $900 million of -- and more of net revenue growth. That was going to come in to GWS in the back half of the year. And that's why we've been talking about the growth accelerating above trend on the revenue line in Q3 and Q4. 
 That $900 million does not include J&J. J&J for the year is expected to contribute a little less than $450 million of net revenue. We closed that towards the end of Q1, and it had a very small impact to Q1, given that we had only a month of revenue and profits from J&J. And so that $900 million is simply the conversion of our pipeline. We've talked about really strong conversion and strong pipelines throughout last year and in Q4 and in Q1. So this is articulation of how much is locked in with this confidence that we're going to achieve our revenue forecast for DWS for the year. 
 On the cost front, you're right that the majority of the cost impact has been at the gross profit line, and it is related to those employee medical claims coming in higher than we expected. But this is -- we believe this is a seasonality issue or this is a cadence of those claims. I mean it's a unique situation related to the fact that we changed health care providers for our company over a year ago. And over the first year, what typically happens is as employees are looking for new health care providers that are claimed down. And so we knew they were going to tick up this year, we just didn't expect it to happen in Q1. And so that should reverse in the remainder of the year. 
Jade Rahmani: That's great. One last one would just be around GWS and office. I often get the question as to when the rationalization in the office sector in terms of reduction in square footage would impact that business. Do you see that as a potential headwind realizing also that there's a lot of growth opportunities, which you've commented on. But just office, in particular, would that be a potential headwind? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Jade, it's not a headwind that we haven't contemplated in our comments about expected growth for that business. And I made the comment last quarter that we don't have a single client in GWS that I'm aware of, and we work with the biggest tech companies, the biggest financial companies, et cetera, that doesn't view their office space as a critical asset for the operations of their business. 
 They're all trying to get their people together more. They're all trying to get people to spend more time in the office and less time at home. And they're very focused on using those portfolios, those office portfolios to get that done. Yes, most of them are trying to figure out if they can operate with less office space. But to get from more to less office space, they're also thinking about reconfiguring their offices and upgrading their offices and taking different office space. That's why you saw leasing go up. 
 A lot of companies are trying to -- particularly in the gateway markets and the better office buildings where we play aggressively, they're trying to put their employees in more attractive space. So there's nothing going on there that would cause us to think that there's a downside dimension that we haven't contemplated already. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Stephen Sheldon of William Blair. 
Stephen Sheldon: And just one for me. Great to see the improvement in office leasing. So I just wanted to ask about the other major leasing sector industrial. Are you seeing things there get any better or worse? And what do you think they [indiscernible] for leasing activity to stabilize and return to growth at some point? 
Robert Sulentic: Well, we expect it to grow slightly this year and likely more next year. There's some choppiness in certain coastal markets. But the fact of the matter is some big occupiers are coming back into the market aggressively, some well-known companies. And we aren't of the mind that leasing for the industrial asset class is going to decline this year or next year. We feel good about it. It's not going to have the explosive growth that it had in 2021, et cetera, but it's not going to be a declining leasing business, in our view. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Griffin of Citi. 
Michael Griffin: Great. I wanted to go back to the commentary around office leasing. I think it definitely seems positive relative to what maybe our expectations were. But -- can you unpack that in terms of where you're seeing the leasing gets done? Is it mostly on the Trophy and Class A products? Or is it spread out between the higher quality stuff and then commodity space? 
Robert Sulentic: A lot in the higher-quality assets, Michael. I mean we're seeing record rental rates in some of the bigger markets in the higher-quality assets in New York as an example. We're seeing financial institutions and business services companies, in particular, taking more space. Tech is way down. But for us to have this leasing picture in tech be off the way it is, we view that as good news for us because there is nobody that pays attention to tech that thinks long run. They won't, a, get more of their people back in the office; and b, grow -- be disproportionate growers relative to the rest of the economy. 
 So we expect that part of it to come back. And then there are some second-tier markets. They may not be second tier forever, but what's going on in Nashville is pretty well documented. And there are other places that have that flavor to them. So those are the things that are contributing to what we're seeing in office leasing. 
Michael Griffin: Emma, you talked about, I think, the $50 million tax benefit in the quarter. Just in for this, I think it would be about $0.61 of earnings in the quarter. Is that the right run rate and cadence that we should think about to get to the midpoint of the full year guide? Or how should we think about that? 
Emma Giamartino: For the tax rate specifically for the year, it should be about, I think, a little over 19%. Excluding the tax benefit, it's around 22%. Does that answer your question? Or you had specific about... 
Michael Griffin: Yes, yes, yes. No, that does it. And then just one last one. I noticed that you didn't provide the 2025 outlook, I think, relative to last quarter in your presentation. Is the expectation still to return to peak earnings growth in '25 or get close to it? 
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And our -- all of our discussion around the path to reaching peak earnings in 2025 was to provide a framework around how we're thinking about the trajectory of our business. But that path has remained unchanged, and we believe it's achievable where it sits today. And that's driven by continued low double-digit growth across our resilient lines of business at SOP level. And then on the transactional side, the SOP does not need to get back to 2019 levels for us to achieve that record level of EPS next year. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Peter Abramowitz of Jefferies. 
Peter Abramowitz: So most of my questions have been asked, but just one on the transaction markets here. Cushman mentioned on their call, it seemed to be a pretty kind of direct relationship in that investment sales for them, at least, were stronger to begin the first quarter when the rate outlook was much better. And it kind of slowed in March and April as rate expectations have gone up. So just trying to get a sense from what you see in your business in terms of the relationship between rate expectations near term and how things are happening on the ground. Just curious, your comments on kind of what you saw in the business as it directly relates from a rate perspective? 
Emma Giamartino: So it varies across regions in the U.S. That is what we saw later in the quarter. There was an uptick as rates increased. But in EMEA and APAC, we didn't see that trend just given that there is different dynamics going on there and EMEA is ahead of the curve in terms of their recovery in the sales market. 
Peter Abramowitz: Got it. And then one other on the transaction market. Could you just talk generally about kind of the role of distressed sales in the market? Have you seen that kind of start to thaw at all, whether in the first quarter or going forward? 
Robert Sulentic: There's been some distressed debt activity, selling of distressed debt. There's also been some activity, I'd call it more pending activity of selling debt portfolios that aren't distressed just because people's concern about their debt portfolio, may sell non-distressed portfolios at a slight discount. 
 The assets that are really distressed are office buildings, B and C office buildings, and there aren't a lot of buyers in the market for those assets right now. We do expect that there will be buyers for those assets in the market, but the pricing probably has to come down more than that. 
Operator: The next question is from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Just one question for me. In your prepared remarks, you spoke to investments in certain initiatives that you are discontinuing. Can you provide some color on what those are and to the extent that they were strategically important to you or not? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Patrick, they weren't strategically important. We may have at one time thought they were more strategically important than we do now. In fact, that's almost inevitable given that we were spending money on them and we've stopped. 
 But what happens in a business that's growing, and even though our sector and our company have slowed down considerably in the last couple of years, our GWS business hasn't. That business has been growing. And when you have a growing business, you tend to look for opportunities to add initiatives, to address the growth opportunity. You also tend to, because you have a lot of growth opportunity, take your eye off them a little bit when they don't work. And we had -- we built up some of that across GWS. 
 The fact of the matter is though, if you look at that business for the quarter, that was a $5.8 billion revenue business. The cost problem that we had net of this medical issue that Emma described is in the $15 million to $20 million range spread across a $5.5 billion-plus business. So it's lots of little things here and there. 
 None of our strategically important efforts in that business have changed in any significant way. We have -- I mentioned earlier in my comments, we have a big strategy effort underway with our strategy team now. We're looking at the parts of the business, where we think there is real growth opportunity and where we intend to invest in a big way. And our view of the growth opportunity with enterprise FM customers, with project management for corporates, with project management for green energy and more infrastructure, with our local FM business, none of our broad-based growth aspirations or growth initiatives have been altered as a result of the cost issues that we're after now and what we've been talking about. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: I think you may have just answered this, Bob. I was just going to ask about that sort of the other half of the cost outside of medical that crept up on you in GWS, like kind of what happened there, and just how it changed so quick in like, I guess, the last few months. So I don't know if you had anything else to add on that front. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, I'll add. First of all, I really think to put it in perspective, you got to pay attention to the size of that number relative to the size of that business. Again, it's $15 million to $20 million of costs that hit the bottom line in a negative way relative to what we had expected, if you ignore the medical roughly. Is that right, Emma?
 Okay. And again, that was a $5.5-plus billion business. It's a little bit of cost here and there. But it's something we stay on very closely, and we've taken aggressive action in that business to already address it. We think most of what will need to be done to correct the problems that we saw in that business will be done this quarter. 
 And we've also done some rationalization across our whole services business, which resulted in those businesses reporting to our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli, and elimination of a leadership layer at the CEO level of those businesses, and there'll be other actions consistent with that down through the businesses. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Bob Sulentic, Chairman and CEO, for closing comments. 
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for being with us, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter with you in about 90 days. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in CBRE. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines and log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the CBRE Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Brad Burke, Head of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Brad, please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that, today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements concerning our economic outlook our business plans and capital allocation strategy and our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation appendix. I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our Chair and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now, please turn to slide 5, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. CBRE ended 2023 on a high note with fourth quarter year-over-year operating profit growth across all three of our business segments. Even though 2023 was a difficult year for commercial real estate, we delivered the third highest full year earnings in CBRE's history as our resilient businesses continued their strong growth. This partly offset market-driven revenue declines in businesses that are sensitive to interest rates and debt availability. Emma will talk about our resilient businesses in greater detail at the beginning of her comments. We are committed to driving significant gains in all of our businesses with a particular focus on through-cycle resiliency and double-digit compound long-term earnings growth. Two recent wins highlight our progress. First, with the acquisition of J&J Worldwide Services and our GWS segment, we will increase our technical services capabilities for US federal government clients and open a mostly untapped channel in a difficult to penetrate market. This is a large market characterized by steady growth and long-term contracts. Second, our strategic partnership to provide property management services for Brookfield Properties, 65 million square foot US office portfolio is among the largest in the history of our sector. We believe there will be more opportunities of this nature, which we are well positioned to capture. We start 2024 with strong new business pipelines across our company. We also see attractive M&A and REI co-investment opportunities. Investor and lender sentiment has improved and we anticipate this will lead to increased transaction volumes, starting in the second half of the year when short-term interest rates are expected to fall. Against this backdrop, we expect to achieve core EPS of $4.25 to $4.65 in 2024, implying mid-teens percentage growth at the midpoint of the range. This broad range reflects the difficulty in predicting the precise timing of a recovery. It is notable that any outcome in this range would still be well below the long-term earnings potential of CBRE. With that, Emma will walk you through our results and outlook in more detail.
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. Before turning to segment performance, please turn to Page 6, as I provide more insight into our resilient businesses. We've used this term regularly in our earnings calls over the last several quarters and it is now being used broadly in our sector. CBRE defines resilient businesses, as those which hold up well in a down market cycle, either because of their noncyclical characteristics or because they benefit from secular tailwinds. For CBRE, those businesses include the entire GWS segment, loan servicing, valuation, property management and recurring asset management fees in our investment management business. When we use this term, this is the group of businesses we are referencing. These resilient businesses in aggregate generated nearly $1.6 billion of SOP in 2023 and are expected to generate $1.8 billion of SOP in 2024. This would represent a sixfold increase from 2011, the first full year of market recovery following the global financial crisis. We expect 2024 to be the beginning of a market recovery, albeit a more gradual one. For context, our resilient businesses have grown SOP over 3x as fast as our transactional businesses, since 2011 and they are expected to be nearly double the size of our entire business at a similar point in the last cycle. Please turn to Page 7, as I review our results and outlook for 2024. Across the advisory segment, net revenue and SOP essentially matched the prior year's Q4. Leasing saw a slight uptick in revenue for the quarter driven mostly by EMEA and APAC. Globally, higher office leasing offset slightly less industrial activity. Within property sales, industrial and retail declined less than multifamily and office, supported by healthy fundamentals. Commercial mortgage origination revenue growth was attributable to interest earnings on escrow balances. The rest of our advisory business lines together achieved a 6% net revenue increase. Turning to Page 8. GWS had another strong quarter. Net revenue and SOP grew by double-digits. Facilities Management net revenue increased 14% for the quarter and 13% for the year. Most significantly, our sizable GWS local business has been increasing net revenue at or above a mid-teens clip, and is well positioned to sustain this growth rate for the long term. Project Management net revenue grew 11% for the quarter and 14% for the year. This was led by the large-scale program management work being done globally by Turner & Townsend. Notably, we had record pipeline conversion to new GWS contracts during Q4 with a balanced mix of new clients and existing client expansions. Turning to Page 9. SOP in our REI segment increased to $68 million in Q4, up from just $17 million in the prior year Q4. Development exceeded expectations due to the earlier than anticipated monetization of several assets in the US. Investment Management operating profit rose significantly in Q4, driven by higher incentive fees and recurring asset management fees. Investment management AUM ended 2023 at $148 billion, up $3 billion for the quarter, largely driven by favorable currency movement and modest net capital inflows, which offset lower private asset values. For the year, AUM was down $2 billion. While exit value declines appear to be slowing, we anticipate values will remain under pressure in early 2024. Before turning to our 2024 outlook, I'll comment on our capital allocation strategy on Slide 10. We are on track to deploy more than $2 billion of capital for the 12 months ending Q1 2024. This deployment includes M&A, mostly in our resilient businesses and a record level of co-investment commitments in REI. By thoughtfully using our balance sheet we made targeted opportunistic investments, while other investors have been largely on the sidelines. These investments have been underwritten at returns, well above our cost of capital. And specifically, our REI investments are projected to generate notably high returns. We also repurchased nearly 8 million shares in 2023 at a time when we believe they have been attractively valued. Our 2024 capital deployment will be supported by improved free cash flow, which we expect to total at least $1 billion, as certain headwinds reversed this year. As we've previously discussed, we had several large cash expenses in 2023 mostly timing-related items, such as cash variable compensation and cash income taxes tied to 2022 record results that did not flex down with last year's lower earnings. We estimate that the reversal of these items alone will drive a $500 million benefit to free cash flow compared with last year. Taking all of this into consideration, we expect to end 2024 with net leverage around one turn. Now I'll review our 2024 outlook on Slide 11. In the advisory segment, we expect net revenue to increase by mid- to high single-digits, with mid-teens SOP growth. The expected margin improvement reflects fixed cost leverage and the benefit of ongoing cost reduction initiatives. Advisory accounts for about two-thirds of the $150 million run rate cost savings initiative announced last quarter with half of the benefit being realized in 2024. These savings offset cost growth elsewhere in advisory this year notably from higher expected discretionary compensation tied to improved financial performance. We anticipate that capital markets revenue will grow by mid-single digits. Investor sentiment has improved in the last nine days, reflecting a better interest rate outlook. Real estate allocations are approaching target levels and this reflects an easing of the denominator effect, as public equity markets have rebounded while private relist values are being written down. We expect leasing to grow modestly in 2024. We are cautiously optimistic that the worst is over for office leasing, particularly for Class A properties, where we generate approximately two-thirds of leasing revenue. Leading indicators from our data partner VTS indicate US office demand has been gradually turning up over the last six months. The growing consensus about an economic soft landing coupled with the apparent stabilization of office utilization rates may make more employers confident enough to commit to office leases. Additionally, leasing demand should remain relatively strong for industrial deals particularly for properties under 500,000 square feet. Our remaining advisory business lines together are expected to achieve low double-digit net revenue growth. In the GWS segment, we expect mid-teen SOP growth including the expected partial year contribution from the J&J acquisition. Continued strong organic growth will be driven by broad demand across client sectors and geographies. The local business will lead growth in GWS expected to generate more than $200 million of operating profit as we benefit further from our investments in this business. Our enterprise business is also seeing strong demand from both mature sectors like financial services as well as newer adopters of outsourcing such as industrial, healthcare and life sciences companies. Within project management significant growth will be led by Turner & Townsend, which is in the early stages of penetrating the US. market. We anticipate seeing most of the revenue impact from our sizable Q4 wins in the second half of 2024 as new clients are onboarded. And even with the record level of conversions in Q4 our GWS pipeline ended 2023 10% higher than the prior year. Shifting to REI. We expect SOP in 2024 to be slightly below 2023's level. Note that last year's SOP included a single development portfolio sales, which generated more than $100 million of profit in Q1. In Investment Management, we expect operating profit to increase modestly from 2023 as stabilizing market conditions drive higher promote fees and improved co-investment returns. We expect development operating profit will be subdued this year as the projects we expect to monetize will be sold at higher cap rates than we underwrote at the peak of the prior market cycle. At current market cap rates we have hundreds of millions of dollars of operating profit embedded in our in-process portfolio and a pipeline of new opportunities with an attractive spread between our cost of development and current market value. On balance, we are cautiously optimistic about 2024. Our expectation of achieving core EPS of $4.25 to $4.65 is contingent on long-term interest rates remaining around current levels the Fed proceeding with the anticipated short-term rig cuts and the US economy avoiding a recession. This year's earnings are likely to be more heavily weighted than usual to the second half. The third and fourth quarters are expected to account for approximately two-thirds of our EPS while the first quarter will contribute a mid-teens percentage of the annual total. This distribution is similar to what we experienced in 2021 when we also had a second half recovery. We continue to see a path to returning to our prior core PS peak in 2025. That path is supported by continued double-digit growth in our resilient businesses and a gradual recovery in our transactional businesses. Importantly, CBRE can reach prior record earnings without our transactional businesses SOP rebounding to 2019 levels. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you. Good morning. I guess, my first question is I look at the guideposts for the various business lines. They seem kind of pretty good from our vantage point. But just wondering if you could talk about things like the corporate segment taxes, interest expense creation all that sort of other stuff and any year-over-year drags or ability to quantify any notable drags from those items as we think about going down to EPS.
Emma Giamartino : Yes, Tony. So, first to step back on our outlook just give context around the range, which I think will help get to the corporate and below the line items. If you look at our segment level guidance, I think, what you're seeing is that you likely get to an EPS that's slightly above the midpoint of our range. And what we baked into the midpoint of our EPS guidance is some level of conservatism, given that rates have continued to bubble especially in the past few weeks. So it's safe to assume on the corporate cost level the corporate segment level that is going uptick slightly, but not as much as your -- the number that you're looking at might imply. And the reason corporate will uptick slightly is because primarily, because our bonuses discretionary compensation will reset to levels that are in line with improved financial performance. And then I'll comment on the range of our outlook. The pieces that we have a high level of conviction around is our growth in our resilient SOP. We talked about that growing from $1.6 billion this year to $1.8 billion next year or 2024 and that's consistent across the range. And then our transactional business lines are clearly the ones that will move us towards the bottom end or the high end of the range depending on when the recovery begins.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then just in terms of you talked about ending the year with a turn of leverage and it sounds like incremental investment into REI and so forth and then obviously J&J, but just like how much of the benefit from all of the capital investments do you think you'll see in 2024 versus 2025 or in future periods?
Emma Giamartino : I'll primarily speak to J&J, we are expecting to get likely three quarters of the benefit of that acquisition in year and we talked about what the EBITDA we're expecting for J&J in our press release about $65 million for the year. It is safe to assume we'll get three quarters of that in the year. The remainder of the co-investments in REI will be weighted more towards 2025 and beyond those funds. Funds get launched and our developments get monetized.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. And I guess just on capital deployment, I realize with the stock may be shooting up a lot in the fourth quarter that temperature enthusiasm for share buybacks. You only did about $20 million in the quarter. Just with share buybacks sort of fit in on the capital deployment in 2024 or at least within your guidance?
Emma Giamartino: So what we've always talked about is a balance of M&A our investments -- our co-investments in REI and share buybacks, and we'll do buybacks to balance out the other two when we view our share price to be attractive. We really saw in Q4 is that we were anticipating our -- the announcement of our acquisition of J&J. That deal is delivering a return well above our cost of capital. It's more accretive than buybacks in our analysis. And so you're seeing a weight more towards M&A. And I expect that to continue this year. We -- our M&A pipeline is building. We're seeing a greater ability to transact sellers are more willing to meet our value expectations. So where we sit right now expect the balance to be towards M&A this year. But of course, if that changes we'll look to repurchase shares.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I know you provided a bunch of guidepost certainly on the revenue side. I just want to make sure from a margin perspective, I just kind of understand, how are you thinking about the SOP margin in advisory? And is there any sort of baked in improvement to margin in the GWS business?
Emma Giamartino: So, on the advisory side, you should see improvement in our overall advisory margin in 2024, probably about 100 basis points. That's because of our cost reduction plans and obviously a recovery in our transactions business. In GWS, our margins should hover around NIM level and increased slightly. The J&J acquisition is slightly accretive to our margins. But this is a business as you know that we don't expect to see a step function change in our margin over time, it will gradually increase as we continue to differentiate that business.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That’s it for me.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is now live.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you, very much. There's considerable uncertainty in the multifamily market. Walker & Dunlop just said on its earnings call that the GSEs Fannie and Freddie expect flat volumes for 2024 which is surprising given how low volumes were in 2023. In addition, we are seeing pockets of credit issues in floating rate loans and then significant supply. So I wanted to ask, if you could comment on your overall volume expectations within that sector. And also as it relates to Trammell Crow, I think that around 30% of that business's projects are multifamily, do you expect any issues bringing those to fruition and generating target returns.
Bob Sulentic: I'll comment on the -- Jade on the Trammell Crow Company circumstance and then Emma can comment on the volumes, the financing volumes. We are taking on a steady stream of new land sites in Trammell Crow Company that we're underwriting at returns that we think based on current cap rates will be consistent with our historical returns in that business. This is one of the things that's really doesn't show up in any of our headlines that makes us excited about future profitability. It is true that there is some pressure in the multifamily markets based on the development that's happened over the last couple of years and the cost of leverage versus where those deals that yields those deals were developed at. We think that is going to be self-correcting over the next couple of years. New development volume is going to come down. We're still at barely above historic levels of vacancy. I think maybe 50 basis points above historic levels, about 550 basis points of vacancy versus 5% historically. We think that is going to correct. We think the circumstance in the single-family home market with the cost of mortgages is going to drive people towards renting. And so, we are quite bullish after we get through a little tough window here in the multifamily business on where that's going to go. We're bullish about what it means for Trammell Crow Company. We're bullish about what it means for our investment management business. And we think that the volumes in our services business will be good over time, but we are going to go through as you commented from the Walker & Dunlop call, there will be a window where it's a little more difficult. That's fully contemplated by the way in the numbers that Emma gave you about our expectations for 2024. Emma, you want to add to that?
Emma Giamartino: And then on the GSEs, we have embedded in our forecast pretty much OMSR being flat to slightly up this year. Sentiment that we're seeing from the agencies is that they will get closer to their cash this year. But we are being conservative in terms of what we're projecting for the year. So, slightly more positive than what you heard on the Walker & Dunlop.
Jade Rahmani: On the office leasing side, you mentioned you think that the worst is over there. And that 65% of the business is Class A. Can you give any more color around maybe some anecdotal evidence or perhaps survey evidence takes you confidence around that? I do know you put out monthly and quarterly reports from research showing such as tenants in market or requirements.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it is the case that we think it has bottomed out. It obviously is below -- meaningfully below where it was occupancy is square footage per person is below where it was per employee is, below where it was in 2019. There is all kinds of anecdotal evidence around that issue, some stubbornness people coming back to the office. That's super clear. The other thing is there's just a clear amount of pressure from companies to get their people back into the office for all kinds of reasons. What we do know and I would say anecdotal evidence in this area is not just evidence it's an avalanche of evidence. Every company that you talk to, you can't talk to a corporate that would tell you that office building occupancy, either in buildings they own or building they lease is not important to their business. It's important to all of them. It's important to us in our business. And so what you're seeing is that people are redoing their space, trying to make it a better environment for their employees, make their employees more efficient, more engaged. Class A buildings that create that opportunity are seeing in a number of markets record rents. Buildings that aren't good are struggling and they're going to continue to struggle. So we look at that circumstance, and we say there's pressure on both sides, but we think it's kind of stabilized. We think it will be a very big asset class going forward, bigger than the headlines might suggest because people tend to like negative news. And in the real estate services business, as opposed to the real estate owning businesses and we're in both of them. It's going to be a very large opportunity for CBRE, and you saw that with the Brookfield situation that we announced. You see that with the growth in our outsourcing business. You're seeing it come through in our leasing numbers. So I think that you're going to see the future be better than the current circumstance has been for a variety of reasons.
Jade Rahmani: I wanted to also, if I may ask about infrastructure. The J&J acquisition deepens relationships with the Department of Defense, in particular, it seems. And also, we are seeing robust capital flows across the infrastructure space, particularly in digital data centers. I wanted to ask if you could comment if that's a strategic target perhaps an area for M&A or co-investment on the Trammell Crow side?
Bob Sulentic: We're -- well, Jade, you're talking about the blurred lines between real estate and infrastructure and some regard. And in those areas data centers and so forth we do have meaningful exposure. The places where we have kind of traditionally defined infrastructure exposure or with the Turner & Townsend business where they provide a lot of program and project and cost consulting services to infrastructure-type projects and they are really well-positioned for the future in that regard. We have an infrastructure investment management business that we would like to scale over time. And then in Trammell Crow Company, we do a variety of development. There are some things we're working on that are quite large between Trammell Crow Company and Turner & Townsend that would be in the infrastructure category. So, we believe over time we'll evolve to a place where we will do more work and invest more in infrastructure, but real estate is our core business for the time being.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Stephen Sheldon from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Stephen Sheldon: Hey, thank you. Really nice job here and congrats on the J&J deal. With J&J likely to close here in the coming months, I just wanted to ask kind of what your appetite is for pursuing other large acquisitions? I know you guys are kind of looking at least a few larger deals. So, just curious if you have any commentary on what your appetite is if you're still pursuing or looking at some larger acquisitions.
Bob Sulentic: M&A work is a fundamental foundational element of what CBRE is about. We are committed across all of our lines of business to be a grower. We have built within our market-facing businesses capability to identify M&A opportunities in all of our businesses. We clearly have some places we're more interested in at any given point in time typically because they're secularly favored because we have more of a right to win but it is fundamental and if you look across our business, our people are in the market identifying opportunities at all times. We have built up our M&A capability in the center our corporate development capability to the point where we think it's quite unique within our sector and is relatively strong against the broader base of companies out there outside our sectors -- are outside our sector. We have a strong balance sheet and willingness to use that balance sheet to do M&A. So, you should expect us to continue to build the business through M&A. We aren't going to do deals that we aren't -- that we don't think are smart either financially or because they're hard to integrate or too hard to integrate. And it wasn't hard to watch us in the past year and say that maybe listening from quarter-to-quarter there was more going on than you were seeing where you saw the J&J deal at the end. There will be other things but we won't force M&A. We'll do M&A where we think we can grow our business the way we want to grow it into areas with secular tailwind, in the areas where we have the right to win and as Emma has said, it will likely be over the long-term our number one use of capital.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. Thanks. And then just in capital markets just kind of just as we think about the last few months how did activity progress through the fourth quarter into early January. I'm just curious whether you've seen fits and starts of activity based upon what's happening with interest rates? And just generally, how dependent do you think any capital is improvement in 2024 and I guess into 2025 will be on the overall trend in interest rates?
Emma Giamartino: So, let's start with what we've been seeing over the past through 2023 and through the end of the year. And we did see a significant deceleration in the decline, especially getting into Q4. So, through the third quarter, you're looking at 40% decline up to that point. And then in the fourth quarter, we were down to below 20% decline. And what was notable about Q4 was that we actually saw a significant deceleration in December. So October, November had greater declines than December, which was in the single-digit decline in territory. So pulling that into 2024, we are not expecting a material uplift in capital markets activity, but we do expect it to grow at a mid single-digit rate globally. If the recovery picks up faster than we're expecting if rates come down further than the market is expecting then there could be upside from there. But our base case scenario is that there won't be a significant uplift.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Griffin from Citi. Your line is now live.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thanks. Just maybe going back to the guidance for a minute, and I appreciate you guys including it this year. I'm just curious if you can quantify give us a sense of if there are any cost savings initiatives factored into your outlook? I want to get a sense of how much of this growth is organic versus cost cutting?
Emma Giamartino: So there are cost savings embedded in our outlook, and where you will see the majority of it is within our advisory business, which I talked about earlier about 100 basis points of margin expansion in advisory. We talked about $150 million of run rate cost savings in -- on our Q3 call that we're going to go after this year. We have identified opportunities to reduce $150 million of run rate cost. You'll see about half of that in year and most of that will be in the advisory segment. A piece to note about that is those cost savings are largely offsetting our bonuses resetting and our discretionary compensation in our profit shares resetting to levels that are in line with our positive financial performance for the year, but it isn't embedded in numbers that you're seeing.
Michael Griffin: Got you. That's helpful. Then maybe on the REI segment. I was curious, if you could give us some insights into how development costs have been trending and where return hurdles and IRR is currently in the space what would get you more interested in starting projects?
Bob Sulentic: Well, I'm going to start with cost. That is starting to come under control. We had challenges, everybody that was a developer in the United States and around the world had challenges with cost the last few years. Now that was all typically rescued by accelerating rental rates and declining cap rates, and we think all of that has stabilized. Cap rates have gone up. Rental rate growth has slowed, but cost growth has also come under control. So that's all come back into balance. We are underwriting projects now at spreads between current cap rates and yields on projects that should deliver profitability consistent with what has been delivered in that business historically. And I mentioned this earlier and I'll mention it again within that business over the last year we've secured good volume of development sites, not at steel prices but what's happened is sites that were otherwise not available have become available. And because many, many people are on the sidelines, many developers are on the sidelines, we have the CBRE parent company balance sheet available to us. We've been able to secure a good number of development opportunities with really good spreads between current cap rates and yields on the projects. So that out in the future, we think we're well positioned for that business. And in Emma's comments, you might have noticed that she said, we've got hundreds of millions of dollars of profits captured in that in-process and pipeline portfolio development deals. We're quite excited about that.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thats it for me. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Alex Kramm from UBS. Your line is now live.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. And maybe nitpicky here a little bit, but can you just talk about your 2025 commentary from this morning, I think a quarter ago, you were still talking about achieving records. Now I think you're just hoping to get back to peak. So not sure if, it's the environment has changed or adjusting your I guess outlook incorporates a more conservative recovery in general. So maybe just compare and contrast, how we should be thinking about your long-term outlook as you go into 2025?
Emma Giamartino: So I want to be clear that we see a -- we have strong visibility into returning to our peak level of EPS in 2025. And that confidence has not declined since last quarter -- is at least equal to and potentially slightly above especially, if we achieve our expectations for 2024. And I can simply break down the components of how we'll get there between our Resilient SOP and our transactional SOP. Within our resilience line of business, like I said before, we expect $1.8 billion of SOP this year, that should continue to grow at least a 10% rate next year. And we have a high level of confidence in delivering that outcome. And then on the transactional side, we do not need our transactional SOPs to return anywhere near to peak levels of earnings like we did in 2022 and they don't even need to return to our level of transactional SOP in 2019. So hopefully, that puts some perspective on our ability to achieve that outcome. The main risk is that the recovery would get delayed this year and it would make that hurdle on the transactional side slightly higher next year.
Alex Kramm: All right. Fair enough. And then just maybe a quick follow-up on the cost base. I mean, it looks -- I mean obviously, you guys cost program in place. Since you've done a lot over the last few years, can you maybe just remind us where you think incrementals are on the transactional side and break it out maybe between capital markets and leasing, as we had potentially a recovery here?
Emma Giamartino: So overall, on our transactional business, our incremental margins are in the low to mid-30s. This is both across capital markets and leasing, and to put some more context around that a 5% change in leasing, results in a 3% delta in EPS. And on the sales side, a 5% change in sales would be a 2% change in EPS.
Alex Kramm: Make sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks very much, everyone, and we look forward to connecting with you again in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Group Inc. Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Brad Burke, Head of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you, Mr. Burke. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBRE’s third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today’s call, I will remind you that today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements concerning our economic outlook, our business plans and our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I am joined on today’s call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now, please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good morning everyone. Commercial real estate capital markets remained under significant pressure in the third quarter. As a result, we experienced a sustained slowdown in property sales and debt financing activity, which drove the decline in core EPS. This decline was exacerbated by delays in harvesting development assets, which we will sell when market conditions improve. Over the last several quarters, we have detailed the increased importance of our resilient and secularly favored businesses. These businesses saw continued solid growth in the third quarter, led by Global Workplace Solutions. Interest rates have increased more than 100 basis points since we reported second quarter results 90 days ago, continuing the sharpest rise in rates in nearly 40 years. The unexpected jump in rates has pushed back the capital markets recovery. Property prices are gradually declining and we believe this process won’t complete and transaction activity won’t rebound materially until investors are confident that interest rates have peaked and credit becomes readily available. We now believe this rebound is unlikely to occur until the second half of next year at the earliest. In the meantime, as we discussed last quarter, pockets of opportunity exists and the breadth and depth of our market presence gives us visibility into where we want to be positioned for the long-term. For example, year-to-date, we have committed more than $350 million in co-investments to value-add opportunistic and development strategies and believe these investments are positioned to deliver quite attractive returns as market conditions improve. This is the time in the market cycle when well-positioned investors can secure opportunities that deliver outsized returns. We expect to identify and act on more opportunities to deploy capital, especially in co-investments in M&A while the market is depressed. In light of continuing challenges, in the real estate capital markets, we have lowered our expectations for 2023 core EPS to a mid-30% decrease from the 20% to 25% decline we anticipated 90 days ago. The reduced outlook is almost entirely attributable to our interest rate sensitive businesses. While it’s difficult to forecast the timing of the capital markets recovery, the resilient and secularly favored businesses we mentioned earlier have generated over $1.5 billion of SOP over the last 12 months and we expect them to represent over 60% of CBRE’s SOP for full year 2023. We further expect SOP from these businesses to increase by double digits next year. Emma will walk you through our outlook after she reviews the quarter. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 6 for a review of Advisory Services results. This segment’s net revenue fell 17% and SOP declined to 35% versus the prior year’s Q3. Across geographies, APAC showed the best relative performance with revenue up 3% led by continued strong growth in Japan. Revenue was weak across EMEA declining 18%, slightly better than the Americas, where revenue fell 21%. The revenue decline was most pronounced in property sales, which decreased 38% with both fires and sellers pausing amid the sharp and unexpected interest rate increases over the past 90 days. EMEA sales revenues saw the greatest decline at 47%, while APAC sales revenue fell only 12%. In the Americas, property sales revenue dropped 41%. Ironically, compared with other major property types, office saw the least severe decline due to weak prior year comps and seller capitulation. Industrial sales were largely limited to properties under 300,000 square feet and multifamily sales were concentrated in core and core+ properties as investors focus on the highest quality properties to mitigate risk. Commercial mortgage origination revenue fell less than property sales, down 18%. The decline was tempered by our significant business with the GSEs, which have taken share amidst the broader pullback in lending. Beyond Capital Markets, our leasing revenue declined by 16%, a few percentage points below what we had anticipated going into the quarter. Significant growth in several APAC countries was offset by lower revenue in both EMEA and the Americas. Economic uncertainty continues to delay occupier decision-making, particularly for large office and industrial deals. For example, leasing revenue declined by 23% in the U.S., but the number of leases completed was only down 10%. The remaining lines of business in our advisory segment were relatively flat with growth in both loan servicing and property management, offsetting weaker valuations revenue, which is tied to sales and financing activity. Please turn to Slide 7 as I discuss the GWS segment. GWS posted another strong quarter with net revenue and SOP increasing by 14% and 15%, respectively. Both facilities management and project management generated mid-teens net revenue growth. Our business continues to benefit from our focus on industry sectors that allow us to meet the unique needs of our diversified client base. Growth year-to-date has been notable in 3 sectors. Health care due to our enhanced capabilities to meet client needs, energy spurred by strong expansion with existing clients, along with growth in renewable energy, an industrial logistics, an industry that is increasingly embracing outsourcing in their manufacturing plants to reduce costs. We are also seeing continued strong revenue growth in our GWS local business driven by a mix of new and existing clients. Investment in our U.S. local business, which I discussed last quarter, resulted in several new wins and accelerated revenue growth. In addition, our Turner & Townsend project management business continues to outperform expectations, most notably through their expansion in the U.S. Our GWS pipeline reached a new record in the quarter, with one-third of our pipeline coming from first-generation outsourcing clients. That is clients who have not previously outsourced their real estate operations. The growth in first-generation pursuits reflects corporation’s increased interest in reducing occupancy costs amid the uncertain economic environment. Our remaining pipeline is filled with occupiers that are looking to either expand their scope of services with CBRE or switched their service provider to CBRE because of our ability to provide more integrated global solutions. Margins improved slightly in Q3 due to strong revenue growth that offset the investments made earlier this year, allowing us to achieve operating leverage. We anticipate further margin expansion next quarter. Now I’ll turn to Slide 8 for a discussion of the REI segment. Overall SOP totaled just $7 million, reflecting few U.S. development asset sales and lower operating profit in our Investment Management business. Within Investment Management, the decline in operating profit was primarily driven by negative marks in our more than $330 million co-investment portfolio compared with positive marks last year as well as lower incentive fees. AUM declined sequentially to $144 billion, primarily due to lower property valuations and negative foreign currency effects, which offset modest net inflows. While fundraising has decelerated materially across the sector, including for CBRE, investors remain keenly interested in higher target return strategies to take advantage of current market stress and dislocation such as opportunistic secondaries and value-add real estate strategies. And we have committed almost $200 million year-to-date in co-investment capital in support of these strategies. This is a record level of co-investment across our funds and a substantial increase in our commitment to higher return strategies. We have focused on follow-on funds with strong track record and led by experienced portfolio management teams. Development results were below expectations due to deals slipping into 2024. Historically, we’ve covered the U.S. development business’s operating costs with project fees, and we expect this to be the case going forward. Our in-process portfolio was flat with last quarter as we added a few new projects, but also did not have any meaningful asset sales. Note that we have refined our development portfolio definition to better reflect projects that are actively under construction. The primary change is that the definition of in-process now only includes projects that have started construction, whereas the prior definition included projects that are under our control with construction expected to start within 12 months. The environment for harvesting development projects and recognizing the related gains has become increasingly challenging. The project sale process is progressing more slowly than we typically see, driven by increased caution from buyers. This has been elongating the sale process rather than impacting pricing. However, we are reaching a point where pricing will be impacted. And in that case, we will proactively decide to hold well-capitalized assets until market conditions improve. As Bob noted earlier, these circumstances, which put downward pressure on our business in the short-run, create opportunities to secure assets that will lead to substantial future profits. Looking forward, we have continued to invest in development with more than $150 million committed year-to-date. These investments are focused on securing multifamily and industrial projects at a time of capital market dislocation that we expect to deliver historically attractive returns. Please turn to Slide 9. As we’ve noted, the current environment is providing opportunities to deploy capital strategically. With respect to M&A, we continue to evaluate many opportunities across our lines of business. However, we are being disciplined about pricing and thorough in our due diligence. Just as the rise in interest rates and increased uncertainty impacts real estate transactions, it also affects M&A deals. We have passed on otherwise attractive deals where we could not close the gap in pricing with sellers. Our total rates to achieve returns above our risk-adjusted cost of capital have increased along with interest rates. The seller pricing expectations for the most part have adjusted more slowly. In the meantime, we completed over $500 million of share repurchases during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $630 million. Volatility during the third quarter allowed us to get close to our share repurchase target for the full year. I want to reiterate that while we are looking to take advantage of this period of investment opportunity, we remain highly disciplined around pricing, and we are fully committed to maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet with a leverage ratio below 2 turns. Next, I’ll briefly touch on cash flow and cost reductions. Full year free cash flow is tracking below our prior expectations primarily due to lower earnings. In addition, several large uses of cash, mostly timing-related items such as cash compensation tied to last year’s results do not flex down with this year’s lower earnings. As a result, these items are a headwind to free cash flow this year. As these timing impacts reverse next year, we anticipate a significant improvement in our 2024 free cash flow generation. We discussed earlier this year that we were prepared to cut costs further if the market environment deteriorated. That time has come, and we will be reducing costs across our lines of business. We have already targeted $150 million of reductions in our run rate operating costs, primarily focused on our transactional lines of business that have been most negatively impacted by the market downturn. We expect to provide more detail on the benefit of our cost savings actions when we provide 2024 guidance next quarter. Turning to our outlook. As Bob noted earlier, we now expect core EPS for the full year to decline by mid-30%. Our expectations for double-digit revenue and SOP growth in our GWS segment are more than offset by capital markets-driven SOP declines in advisory and REI segments. Looking to next year, while the recovery of transaction activity, particularly in capital markets, will take longer than initially anticipated, we expect double-digit growth of our resilient and secularly favored lines of business, which combined have exceeded $1.5 billion of SOP on a trailing 12-month basis. In addition, we will continue to benefit from strategic deployment of capital and our cost reduction initiatives. Taking into account all of these circumstances, we believe this year will be the trough for our earnings and anticipate meaningful growth next year. However, our return to record earnings will likely be delayed a year relative to our earlier expectations. With that, operator, we’ll open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Great. Thank you, and good morning. My first question relates to leasing and the hesitancy by occupiers to make some decisions there, dial down just the size of deals. Do you think that’s on the front end at this point? Where that hesitancy is just starting? Or do you think that’s been happening for a while now? I’m trying to get a sense as to how we should think about leasing as we look at the next few quarters?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, it’s been happening for a while. It’s become a little more pronounced, and we think it’s going to go into next year. What’s causing it is we don’t have a recession. Everybody knows that we don’t have the kind of financial problems we’ve had in prior cycles. But we have a lot of uncertainty, and we have uncertainty around the cost of capital, which causes companies of all types to be careful about their expenditures that would run through their income statement. Of course, the minute that happens, they are cautious about leasing. We don’t think it’s going to become materially more pronounced than it is now. And as we’ve said, we think now when we get to the back half of next year, things will recover. That’s where we are. I think what’s notable is to slow down on behalf of big absorbers of industrial space. We went through an extended period where not only were they taking space to support their growth, some of them were taking space to hedge against future growth. They are now burning through that space. And when that’s done, we will start to see leasing come back by those big industrial users. It is notable that we still only have 4% vacancy in industrial space. So they’ll get back to being careful to make sure they have adequate inventory.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thanks. And then you called out investment management as a focus area on the M&A side. Are you seeing specific deals that are making more sense there or is that just an area that thematically like?
Emma Giamartino: I think Tony, you’re talking about maybe prior remarks that we made. We’re looking broad-based across the company at M&A, and we’ve been focused on the areas of our business that are resilient and cyclery favored. Those are the types of larger deals we’ve done in the past, and those are the types of deals that we’re looking at now. One of the things that’s happening right now is we are looking at a number of deals, and we’ve talked about deals on the larger end of the range that we’ve typically looked at in the past or we’ve typically executed in the past. But pricing has become more of a challenge than it was a year ago or even 6 months ago, similar to what’s happening in the real estate market with the gap between buyer and seller valuation remaining higher even increasing as interest rates are increasing. A similar impact is happening to M&A. So for us, our cost of capital is increasing slightly. Our risk appetite is reducing slightly. And so we need seller prices to come down for us to be able to execute some of these deals – many of these deals.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just Emma, one last clarifying item, if I can. Did you mention you thought the recurring businesses like GWS were going to grow double digits in ‘24? Or was that just for ‘23? I didn’t catch that.
Emma Giamartino: We expect our resilient lines of business in aggregate, which for the year to generate $1.6 billion of SOP to grow in the low double-digit range going forward into the future. And GWS specifically, that SOP for this year is going to grow in the mid-double-digit range, so low teens range and should continue going forward.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So you feel comfortable with that double-digit number around GWS, for instance, for ‘24 as well?
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Emma, I just on the share buybacks. I know in the last call, you had talked, I think about doing $600 million, you guys did a little north of $500 million this quarter. So I guess, are you still sticking with that $600 million number for the back half kind of implying a fairly low fourth quarter number? I know that kind of ties in maybe with lack or less free cash flow. So just any thoughts around buybacks for the rest of the year?
Emma Giamartino: Steve, that’s the right way to think about it. We were going into the latter half of the year, our expectation was for $600 million. As you said, we did $500 million in this quarter. So we are on track to deliver the same amount we were thinking last quarter.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And look, I know everybody is highly focused on the sales environment that really seems to kind of be the linchpin for the company. Bob, you’ve obviously talked about maybe a second half recovery. Just sort of trying to think through kind of the timing? And is it more the economy that you think is driving people uncertainty? Is it the absolute level of interest rates? Is it the fact that the banks and insurance companies aren’t really lending money. I know all of it impacts it. But is there one factor that you think is more pronounced than another?
Bob Sulentic: Uncertainty around interest rates is one really prominent fact and the expectation that they are now going to come down later than we previously thought. Number two, there is still a view that values are going to come down some that private privately held assets haven’t come into line yet and maybe another 5% to 10% decline in asset values. But Steve, I really think it’s important to remember this about our business. Those assets are real, and they are held by investors, and there is buyers with massive amounts of capital. Waiting to make trades when those two things sort out, we will get back to an active trading environment. It’s not like some things that go away and never come back, right? The assets are there. The base of assets is actually growing and the people that hold the assets, there is a significant number of them and a significant volume of them that want to trade those assets with buyers ready to go. And buyers are watching closely the interest rates and watching closely the valuations and things are starting to come in-line to the point where we think there will be trading again in the second half of next year.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then one just small technical one. I guess we noticed that the tax rate in the quarter came in much lower than expected. I think that might have helped kind of EPS. Just kind of what are your thoughts and what drove that in the quarter? And I guess is that sort of a sustainable lower tax rate? Or is that more of a one-off issue in the quarter?
Emma Giamartino: That is a one-time tax planning benefit that we had this quarter. For the full year, we’re expecting our tax rate to come in at about 21%. And excluding that benefit this quarter, our tax rate is about 20% in Q3.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On leasing, if new tenants are taking 10% to 20% less space, and there is some pressure on net effective rents on the office side as well as the overall uncertainty around demand for office space. And then you mentioned some of the slowdown in industrial and then I would characterize retailers mixed. Do you think that leasing would be negative in 2024?
Bob Sulentic: It’s – it could be in some areas, Jade, but we think that what’s going on with office space has kind of settled out, right? Rates have come way down, users of office space have backed off, people that want premium office space for the experience side of things for their employees are going after it and we think they’ll continue to go after it into next year. We think industrial has slowed down for a time being. It will come back to the back half of next year, and I think you commented already, retail’s mixed. But there is a lot of retail activity in the economy now, and there is reason to believe that, that will kind of sustain the way it is now.
Jade Rahmani: And then on GWS. I understand the long-term opportunity and gaining the penetration rate by passing on cost savings to those that don’t currently outsource. But there are friction costs associated with this as well as execution complexity and uncertainty. Would not the macro backdrop create headwinds in GWS as well and thereby put some pressure on the double-digit growth. I mean, if the economy is slowing down, it seems that business’s double-digit growth profile could be at risk. Could you give some reasons why that’s not the case?
Bob Sulentic: Well, when the economy slows down, the company’s focus intensely on cost. And when they focus on cost, they think about having somebody like us, us more than anybody else handle their real estate facilities for them because we save them money. That is an absolute front and center dimension of that business. Where you see things slow down is capital expenditures, which can hit project management, but there is so much momentum around various parts of our project management business related to enhancing the experience for clients in the office space that companies have, which is a big deal for them now, and we think that’s going to continue to be a big deal. We think that will offset the focus on reducing capital expenditures. Also, that project management business, as you know, does a lot of stuff in the infrastructure, green energy, etcetera, areas. And so we think that there is offsetting factors there that will allow that business to continue to grow to double-digit rates. So the bottom line is, I don’t think what we’re seeing in the economy and the uncertainty in the economy would push that down below being a double-digit grower next year.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. Finally, just on REI, have you changed series underwriting toward the capitalization and acquisition of new projects to account for potentially rates remaining at current levels? And does the outlook for asset sales depend more on timing or a moderation in interest rates in order to refinance those deals and sell at attractive cap rates.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Our underwriting that we do across our REI business for the acquisition of existing assets and for the investment in the co-investment and development deals is all driven by interest rates that we think will be available to us when we capitalize those projects. It’s – there is great attention paid to that and a lot of study around that by our research people and Chief Economist office, etcetera. So what’s in those underwritings is reflective of that view. What’s going to – we commented a little earlier, what’s going to drive the sale of assets is the stabilization or decline in interest rates and the general view that values have bottomed out. And again, we now think that timing is second half of next year. And we do think prices are going to come down a bit more, maybe as much as 10%.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you for taking the questions.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon: Hey, good morning, thanks. I wanted to ask another question on the advisory leasing side. Curious how different the revenue trends may look between office versus industrial is one side they are holding up better than the others as we think about growth so far this year and then maybe how you’re thinking about it heading into the next year.
Emma Giamartino: So office leasing this year has been performing in-line with our expectations. There has been some we noted some drop-off in the larger office deals, but we were anticipating decline a mid-15% decline across office leasing. On the industrial side, that is – industrial leasing is performing slightly below expectations. But as Bob alluded to, that is primarily driven by the largest industrial transactions and the largest occupiers of industrial space who took on a lot of space over the past couple of years and are resetting. We don’t expect that to be a continued trend going into next year. And in terms of mix, I think our leasing has grown. Industrial has grown as a percentage of our overall leasing and offices declined, but that isn’t out of what we were expecting going into the year and into the quarter.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay. Great, thank you. And then just on capital, if I – it sounds like you’re ramping investments into IM in development. So can you give more detail on the opportunities you’re seeing there and why this could be the right time to make those investments?
Bob Sulentic: Well, this – what typically happens in an environment like this and what is definitively happening now on the development side, where the investments we make are largely acquiring land for future development. Landholders often landholders that bought that land to develop it, you can’t develop it because they can’t get the capital to develop it or they don’t have the capital themselves to make the co-investment needed to develop it. And so good land sites that otherwise wouldn’t have been available become available. And because of our position in two ways, our balance sheet, plus the stable of really strong developers we have in local markets. We identify opportunities of this nature. We’re in the market all the time, up and down cycles. We know the land sites that are good. We know the land sites that we would have liked to have gotten that we didn’t get. And what we do is we go back because we now have the capital to take those land sites down, we go back and try to secure some of those sites. And cycle after cycle, what you see is that it’s the acquisition of those land sites and the development deals that result from those land sites that become your best profit deals. And as Emma said earlier, we’re focused on multifamily and industrial there. On the investment management side, we think this is a good point in the cycle to look at value add and opportunistic. So, we have an opportunistic fund run out of the UK that’s got a very, very strong track record that we have made a significant commitment to with our own balance sheet to raise the next fund to do investments in real estate secondaries and we are very excited about that opportunity. And then we have three value-add businesses, one in each region of the world U.S., EMEA and Asia Pacific, all of which were providing co-investment to do our next fund in, all of which we see lots of opportunity in. So, that’s our co-investment strategy. That’s what – when we talk about $370 million year-to-date, that’s where we have invested. And we are well positioned to continue to invest.
Stephen Sheldon: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey. Good morning. What are you hearing from asset owners in terms of allocating capital towards commercial real estate in a higher interest rate world as opposed to allocating capital towards asset classes would perceive lower risk?
Bob Sulentic: Well, there is – clearly, there is movement into cash and cash return – you can get returns on that, that you couldn’t get previously, so secured debt, etcetera. There is no doubt that, that dynamic is at play in what’s going on with the non-traded REITs, etcetera and core assets. But people are ready to get back into real estate when things sort out. There is just no doubt about it. The amount of capital that’s on the sidelines that wants to get into commercial real estate is enormous. And what’s going to have to happen as we said, is interest rates are going to have to stabilize and the belief that valuations have come down is going to have to be there. There is an increasing interest, and I just walked through what we are doing on the development side and opportunistic investment side. There is an increased interest in people getting into those areas that have a longer horizon for returns on their capital and have a higher risk appetite. And there is always, of course a big chunk of capital with that orientation. So, that’s what’s going on.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it. Helpful. Thank you. And then circling back to your earlier comments on leasing, so if I am understanding it correctly, your view is that even if there is an economic slowdown in 2024, there is really little incremental downside risk to leasing revenues going forward?
Emma Giamartino: There is potentially some, but we are not expecting the decline next year to be greater than what we saw this year. And I think what’s important to note, we provided some high-level remarks around what we are expecting over the next couple of years. And that’s not to provide any sort of guidance around what we will expect because we all know that it’s very difficult to anticipate how the broader external factors will impact the company. But to put context around it, we are very confident that our GWS business will continue to deliver double-digit growth. And if it delivers double-digit SOP growth over the next couple of years, and the remainder of our segments remained flat in 2024 and get back to – don’t even need to get back to 2019 levels of earnings, we will get back to our record levels of EPS. So, in terms of leasing, I just want to emphasize that even if there is a slight decline next year, we still have a path to growth over the next 2 years.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey. Good morning everyone. Maybe starting with a little bit of a housekeeping question. But am I – I think this quarter, you didn’t give any specific outlook anymore for – by segment. So, given how important the fourth quarter is maybe you can give us a little bit more color in terms of the various business lines of what we should be expecting? I know it’s kind of implied, but more color would be appreciated.
Emma Giamartino: Okay. So, for the full year, we are expecting within GWS that our SOP growth will be in line with that low-double digit that we have been talking about throughout the year. Advisory overall will be down about in the 30% range. And then REI, as you know is down a little over 50% for the full year. In terms of what’s guided our reduced outlook from what we said in Q2 to what we are seeing now from that 20% to 25% EPS decline down to a mid-30s decline. About a third of that is related to capital markets and about a third is related to development and the remainder is men across the rest of the business.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then secondly, maybe this is a quick one because I think you just addressed this when you asked Patrick’s question, but thinking about the multiyear outlook again. And maybe I am stating the obvious, but like – if I look at my numbers, to get to 2025 record year, basically, if you grow in GWS and you maybe get more aggressive on the buybacks? Like – and then potentially in the transactional businesses, if you just grab a little bit of market share, even if this environment stays like this, you could get to a record. I mean is that what you were just trying to say, I mean maybe just state me obviously again.
Emma Giamartino: Absolutely. That – and that is the point that we are trying to get across is that there is a reasonable path to getting back to record, and we are not anticipating a sharp recovery, especially not next year, and we don’t require a sharp recovery in 2025 to get to that record level. Again, our resilient and cycle favorite lines of business, which include GWS but also includes property management, the recurring elements of our investment management fees, valuations in loan servicing, not in aggregate is $1.6 billion of SOP. So, that growing at low-double digits over the next 2 years will create meaningful value. And then, again, our transactional lines of business, so development, the portion of investment management that is more transactional loan service – loan origination and sales origination. Those elements only need to get back to just shy of 2019 levels for us to get to record earnings.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks for clarifying. And then just maybe one quick one. On the GWS business, you called out these first-time outsourcers, I guess. Can you just talk about how the sales cycle differs there because I think it’s a meaningful part of the pipeline now? And then overall, can you just remind us when you think about the white space here, how big the first time outsource opportunity is in the context of the size of your business? I mean is there still a very meaningful TAM of companies that really have never outsourced before.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So, in your first question, our pipeline across GWS and that includes both facilities management and project management is it continues to be at record levels. We have a large and growing pipeline. It’s split between about 50% new clients and 50% existing clients. And of those new clients, about half of those are first-generation clients. So, about a third of our overall pipeline is first-generation outsourcers. But the important part is that our overall pipeline is building. And yes, those first-generation outsourcers take longer, the sales cycle is longer to convert them over to outsourcing, but it’s a huge opportunity and it’s a growing opportunity and it is building our pipeline. To your second question around what the opportunity is, it’s hard to accurately estimate it, but we believe that only 30% of the overall market is outsourced today. So, there is 70% of white space.
Alex Kramm: Fantastic. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thanks. Wondering if you can comment on CBRE’s view of the macro and kind of how that might have shifted and in turn, kind of shifted your outlook kind of heading into 2024, if at all possible?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we – the biggest thing, Michael, that’s shifted in our view is that it’s going to take longer for interest rates to come down. It’s going to take longer for debt, in particular, to become available for real estate – commercial real estate transactions. And as a result, transactions are not going to return until the back half of next year, where we thought they were going to return late this year, early next year. Secondly, we have introduced this notion that we are seeing, particularly with industrial tenants that the uncertainty is just causing them to pause, and we think that’s going to go through the first half of next year. But we really don’t think that’s going to be a big deal because they are burning through inventories of space that they took down for defensive purposes, I guess for lack of a better term. And so that’s what we see where if you were to sum it all up, the recovery that we thought would start towards the end of this year, we now think is going to start six or so months later, maybe a little longer. And for us, that pushes back our assumptions about the return to peak earnings a year or so into the following year.
Michael Griffin: That’s helpful. And then just on the advisory business. I know you called out Japan and APAC as a relative outperformer compared to Americas or EMEA. But was there any other drivers that led APAC to be pretty notable outperformer this quarter?
Bob Sulentic: For us specifically, we just have a very good business in Japan. And it’s – obviously, that’s a huge economy and Tokyo is a huge real estate market. And over the years, we – there has been a struggle around the notion of intermediation there. There was a lot of business done directly by buyer and seller, tenant, landlord, etcetera. That intermediation has become more accepted. There has also been a struggle to have non-Japanese domestic companies in the mix, so to speak. And that is – as it relates to being the designated intermediate – when intermediation happens and also being a home for talent. We have really changed our profile as a recruiter there over the last few years. And we have really changed our profile over there the last few years as somebody that’s a recognized intermediary. As a result, we used to talk about, well, we have got good growth in Asia, but good growth on bases of business that weren’t that needle moving to our overall results. Japan is now our second most profitable market in the world behind the United States for advisory business. So, when Japan does relatively well as it’s doing now, you get the results we are getting. It’s big enough to be needle moving for us. And then in general, as you know, the return to the office across Asia and Pacific is ahead of where it is in either the United States or EMEA.
Michael Griffin: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the M&A front, would you confirm that investment management is the key focus? And would you also be able to provide an updated comment as to how infrastructure fits in your overall strategic framework if you see this potentially emerging as a new business line alongside your others and potentially an additional diversifier?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, in terms of M&A, we – Emma made this comment. We look across our whole business. We have a very capable corporate development team that partners up with a group of geographic and business line leaders across the whole business around the world and across our lines of business to seek out M&A opportunities where we think we can enhance our offering to our clients. We just – you just saw today, we announced something in the – for our capital markets business in the investment banking capital advisors area. That was an area where we thought we had a bit of a hole. We went out and brought on a business that was very substantial global and additive. Lots of areas of interest, investment management has been an area of interest for us, but sole of others. We have several areas of interest in our GWS business. We have select areas of interest in our advisory business. We even have some areas we are looking at in the development business. But one of the things that’s going on right now, and Emma mentioned this, is that pricing for M&A has not moved quite as quickly as we hoped or thought it would. And we are just showing a lot of – excuse me, a lot of discipline around what we are going to do in terms of acquiring other companies. We are just simply not going to pay prices that we think are unreasonable just to get businesses that we like. We think pricing is going to come into line. We see some signs of that. We have got a pipeline across those businesses and geographies that we like, but we are being disciplined. As it relates to infrastructure, there is two areas of our business where we are active with infrastructure. We have a nice size infrastructure investment management business. It’s small relative to our overall investment management business, but it’s in the upper-single digits in terms of billions of dollars of AUM, and we are looking for opportunities to grow that because we think it’s got great long-term secular profile. The other place where we have a very significant infrastructure business is with the Turner & Townsend acquisition. They do a lot of infrastructure, program management, cost consultancy and project management. And they are well positioned – they are very well positioned in geographies around the world where that work is going on. They do a decent amount of work and a significantly growing amount of work as it relates to sustainability. So, we have a pretty strong infrastructure profile with them.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And at this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to CEO, Bob Sulentic for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone and we look forward to getting back together with you when we announce our year-end earnings.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Q2 2023 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Brad Burke. Please go ahead, sir.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today’s call, I’ll remind you that today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our economic outlook, our business plans and our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I am joined on today’s call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Like last quarter, CBRE’s results slightly exceeded our expectations, driven largely by better-than-expected growth in Global Workplace Solutions and aggregate growth in our resilient lines of business, which Emma will describe in detail, offset by weaker-than-expected property sales and advisory services. It is notable when considering our performance that the prior year comparison was especially difficult. We had our best quarter ever for core earnings per share in last year’s second quarter driven by exceptionally robust development earnings. To put this in perspective, our development earnings in last year’s second quarter exceeded the level of development operating profit in any prior full year except 2021. With this in mind, my remarks this morning will largely focus on how both CBRE and the macro environment performed relative to our expectations coming into the quarter, followed by some high-level comments on our outlook. The economy performed better than we had anticipated going into the quarter in terms of both GDP and employment growth. However, the opposite was true with respect to interest rates, were increases in the last 90 days, coupled with expectations that rates will end the year higher than anticipated last quarter pressured the elements of our business that are sensitive to commercial real estate capital flows, particularly our sales and financing businesses, we expect this pressure to continue for the remainder of the year. At the same time, we are beginning to see signs in our own business that will eventually lead to improved performance likely starting next year. For example, we capitalized 10 new development projects during the second quarter versus only five projects in the prior two quarters combined. Our investment management team responsible for capital raising has noted a definitive change in investor sentiment in the last 90 days. Many of these investors remain cautious but are now exploring how they can take advantage of the reset in pricing as they develop their 2024 commitment plans. Looking ahead, we still anticipate a mild recession. However, we now expect the recession to occur at least one quarter later than we had previously thought, followed by a recovery beginning next year. We realize that our investors are closely watching the U.S. office market and bank exposure to commercial real estate loans. Our views regarding both are consistent with those we expressed at the end of the first quarter. We now expect full year 2023 core EPS to decline by 20% to 25% against last year’s record level, with the majority of the decrease due to the delayed capital markets recovery. We continue to expect our resilient lines of business in aggregate to grow for the full year at a rate that is consistent with our expectations three months ago. Further, we believe there is a reasonable path to achieving a record level of core EPS in 2024. Although reaching that goal now has become more difficult with expected delay and the return of capital markets activity. Emma will now take you through a more detailed look at our performance for the quarter and provide additional insights on our outlook. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. On a consolidated basis, growth of our resilient lines of business continued during the quarter. Together, these businesses, which consist of our entire Global Workplace Solutions business, loan servicing, property management, valuation and the asset management component of investment management saw net revenue rise 10% in constant currency. Please turn to Slide 6 as I discuss our Advisory Services results. Weakness in capital markets had a pronounced effect on the advisory business. Advisory net revenue fell 21% against a challenging prior year comparison when net revenue grew by more than 20% versus Q2 2021. Our capital markets businesses, property sales and loan origination together saw revenue fell 44% versus a 13% increase in the prior year second quarter. In the Americas, property sales revenue fell 49% more than expected, reflecting limited credit availability and the gap between buyer and seller expectations. We are beginning to see an uptick in investor appetite for industrial assets where buyers will accept modest negative leverage due to the significant embedded rent gains over the past several years. In U.S. multifamily CBRE currently has $18 billion of deals in the market, more than double our volumes sold in the first half of the year. Sales revenue fell 43% in EMEA and 11% in APAC, both in local currency. We are increasingly well positioned in APAC. Notably, revenue in Japan has increased by 16% in local currency year-to-date, and this has become our most profitable advisory market outside the U.S. In contrast with Capital Markets, leasing performed in line with our expectations with revenue down 16% versus 40% growth in the prior year second quarter. The leasing decline was driven by the Americas. Leasing revenue grew in overseas markets as combined APAC and EMEA increased 6% in local currency. Among property types in the U.S., office was weakest with revenue down 30%, while Industrial was down only 10% against the challenging prior year comparison. Loan servicing revenues declined 6% and due to significant prepayment fees in the prior year. Excluding prepayments, loan servicing revenue increased by 6%. Prepayment fees fell significantly beginning in the third quarter of last year, so the prepayment headwind should diminish going forward. Valuation revenue declined 6% in the quarter in local currency, largely driven by our U.S. business. In the U.S., we perform a significant volume of work for financial institutions. This business has slowed down this year as investors pulled back from investment into commercial real estate. Property management net revenue rose 5% in local currency, increasing across most geographies with notable strength in Continental Europe and Southeast Asia. Turning to our GWS business on Slide 7. Net revenue increased 13% and SOP grew by 7% in the quarter, slightly exceeding our expectations. Growth was driven by the continued strength of our local business in the UK and expansion into the U.S. and an enterprise FM clients where we increased both the scope and geographic reach of our services. Demand for project management services also remained strong, led by our Turner & Townsend business. SOP margins declined from the prior year second quarter due to higher OpEx investments to support our local businesses, continued geographic expansion as well as costs associated with integrating recent acquisitions. Even though we expect these investments to continue through the balance of the year, full year SOP should be slightly better than we expected with the margin in line with last year’s level. Our local business represents a tremendous growth opportunity, particularly in the U.S., which is expected to account for just 15% of this business lines net revenue this year. This business began with the Norland acquisition in late 2013. It has grown significantly from its original UK focus and net revenue is expected to grow by over 20% this year. Our pipeline remained elevated, more than 20% above the Q2 2022 level. The pipeline growth is driven by large first-generation outsourcers that are focused on lowering the real estate costs. Turning to our REI segment on Slide 8. As expected, SOP was down significantly versus the prior year when we generated a record SOP from this segment. Looking at the Investment Management business, nearly all of the operating profit decline was driven by lower incentive fees and modest co-investment losses versus co-investment gains in last year’s second quarter. Assets under management fell by 1% driven by lower market valuations. The foundation of our IM business, which earns base fees on core and core plus assets remains healthy, and we expect co-investment gains and incentive fees to return when broader commercial real estate market conditions improve. Turning to development. We realized a modest operating loss. As we have discussed before, it is important to look at this business over the long term versus any particular quarter. Our highly flexible financing structure allows us to hold on to completed assets if we believe they can yield better returns in the future. And we continually evaluate our portfolio with that in mind. On a trailing 12-month basis, we generated $92 million in development and operating profit compared to $544 million in the prior 12 months, a period of record performance. Due to anticipated asset monetizations in Q4 of this year, we expect higher operating profits for the full year than we realized over the trailing 12-month period. As Bob mentioned, investors have begun to selectively deploy capital into development, favoring well-located industrial and residential projects. Our pipeline increased slightly during the quarter, positioning us well for a market recovery. Please turn to Slide 9 for a discussion of capital management and our balance sheet. During the quarter, we raised $1 billion of capital through a senior unsecured bond offering and shortly after quarter end, we raised an additional $350 million from refinancing and upsizing our euro term loan. We now have even more capacity to invest while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. We have a robust M&A pipeline and are evaluating multiple opportunities in the range of $1 billion. We expect these investments, if completed, will drive meaningful shareholder value. We did not repurchase any shares in Q2, but have repurchased $100 million of shares month-to-date. Looking at free cash flow, we had originally expected to generate just over $1 billion in 2023. We now expect this figure to be closer to $600 million to $800 million for two main reasons. First, as noted, our expectation for earnings has declined, which has a direct impact to cash flow. Second, the cost of Trammell Crow Company developments that are consolidated on our balance sheet as well as broker recruitment costs run free cash flow. We are seeing attractive opportunities to make targeted investments in both land acquisitions for future development and broker recruiting, and we now anticipate investing more in these two areas versus our expectation last quarter. I’ll end with our updated outlook for 2023 on Slide 10. As Bob noted, we now expect core EPS to decline 20% to 25% from last year’s record level, greater than the low to mid-double-digit decline we previously discussed. Our original outlook anticipated a low teens decline in advisory SOP, a low double-digit increase in GWS SOP and a nearly 30% decline in REI SOP coming off a year when our development business produced $330 million of operating profit. The incremental decline in our revised outlook is primarily driven by our view that the capital markets will not recover until next year. As a result, we expect lower investment sales and loan origination revenue than we anticipated 90 days ago and an extended time line to realize gains both in development and investment management. Looking at each segment, we now expect advisory SOP to decline by approximately 20% for the full year, a greater decline than we had been anticipating. In GWS, we now expect SOP to reach over $1 billion for the year or low-to-mid double-digit growth, slightly better than we previously expected, with the margin on net revenue in line with 2022 level. In REI, we now expect full year SOP in the low $300 million range, reflecting a 35% to 40% decline slightly worse than we previously expected. The primary driver is lower than anticipated co-investment gains and incentive fees in investment management as well as fewer development gains. We expect core EPS in the second half to be heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. Beyond normal seasonality, we anticipate most development sales will take place in Q4, and the investments we’re making in the growth of the GWS business will have an increasing benefit through the second half of the year. As such, we expect the fourth quarter to represent nearly three quarters of second half core EPS. With that, operator, we’ll open the call for questions.
Operator: Thanks very much. [Operator Instructions] The first question we have comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. Bob or Emma, I was just hoping you could spend a little time on the capital allocation. I guess no share buybacks was a bit surprising. I know you talked last quarter about looking at a number of M&A opportunities and maybe that was just the focus. But just any more color you could share on kind of why no buybacks despite, I guess, modest investment in the quarter. And it sounds like you have stepped that up already per the slide deck in Q3, but just some more color would be great.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, Steve. So our focus for M&A and capital allocation over the next 12 months to 18 months is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. We continue to have a very strong pipeline across our M&A portfolio engagement has steadily increased across a number of deals as the year has progressed. And as we said before, we’re looking across our portfolio of businesses, we’re looking for opportunities to enhance our core offerings going forward. But the reality is that deals take time, and we’re working on a number of them, and it takes even more time to do a very well-executed deal where we can underwrite to the level that we think are required to deliver a really strong return. So we’re encouraged around where we are, and we continue to balance that with buybacks, and you can see us doing that through the rest of the year.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess just turning to the sales environment. It actually came in a little bit better than, I guess, what we had sort of feared or worried about. But I guess, Bob, I’m trying to figure out from your perspective, is it the actual level of rates that matters? Or is it just the fact that CMBS isn’t really open and functioning in a smooth way and the banks aren’t lending, I guess what do you ultimately need to see to really get the wheels grease to get the capital market business back? Is it the absolute level of rates? Or is it just people lending even at higher rates, but that there’s capital availability.
Bob Sulentic: It’s three things, Steve. It’s both of those things. It’s the level of rates. It’s the availability of debt, but it’s also the mindset of buyers and sellers as to whether things have settled out and there is clarity about where cost – values of assets are going, cost of financing is going. So I think we had all three of those things burdening the market in the last 90 days. You said you thought it was a little better than you expected. In our view, it was a little worse than we expected. But we also think things are starting to clarify a bit. We are seeing things signs as we said in our prepared remarks that people are getting ready to act, which is good news. And we think things will sort out more with the banks now, and there’ll be debt available from them, et cetera. So we’re feeling better about where things are going to be, but we’re probably going to see that happen next year.
Steve Sakwa: And just one last follow-up. Just if you had to think about 2024, I guess, you would assume that it’s probably more back half weighted in terms of just the volume and kind of the business activity. So sort of think about more second half 2024 than first half 2024.
Bob Sulentic: For sure. One thing that has become clear to us in the past quarter is that the – if we’re going to have a recession, it’s been delayed. Of course, the recovery related to that would then be delayed. And also, it’s just crystal clear that the settling out of interest rates and the availability of debt has been delayed, which, again, is clearly reflected in what happened in our quarter and clearly reflected in what we’ve said about the rest of the year.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have is from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks, good morning. First one, following up on Steve’s discussion on capital allocation. It seemed like last quarter, you were pointing to a pretty sizable M&A deal that you had circled. Did that fall out of bed? Or is it still a potential transaction? Just wondering if you can give us some color there?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, the – I think the thing that is really important to note, and Emma already alluded to it is – we are talking about big M&A deals now. We’re $1 billion deals, and we’re working on a number of them. We’ve had a steady stream of smaller infill deals. Big deals kind of take on a life of their own. You have to get through agreeing with the other party on a deal, working through an integration plan, working through an agreement that then becomes a definitive agreement and those things ebb and flow. And the notion that they would – you would talk about in one quarter and then with high confidence they would land in the next quarter. That’s just not how bigger deals play out. I will tell you 90 days after we last talked about it, are view of our M&A opportunity is as strong as it was then. We’ve got several things we’re working on. They’re not going to all make we’re confident though that some things will make and that it will be a very productive use of capital for us over the next few quarters and it will be a very good strategic use of capital for us, which aren’t exactly the same thing. We think we’re going to be able to move our business forward strategically very nicely with some of the things we’re working on.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Did that temper though, just the amount of buyback to kind of keep capacity for some of these larger deals? Because I think if you look back over the last year or so, you’ve had some pretty strong buyback quarters. And so just trying to understand what to expect on that side?
Emma Giamartino: Yes, Tony. So we’re constantly balancing our capital allocation between buybacks and M&A and looking at our pipeline and the time – weighting the timing of when we think something may get executed. And so that’s what you’re seeing. Through the remainder of this year, we expect to complete about $600 million of buybacks in the second half. We’ve done $100 million in July. And that’s what you’re seeing there is we put a 10b5-1 in place, and that’s really related to where our price goes. So as our price goes higher, we’re buying back fewer shares as you’d naturally expect.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks. And then Emma, separately, you had mentioned some drags in GWS just the investments you’re making there and that those would persist for the rest of the year. Can you maybe give us some ideas to the order of magnitude and whether or not those are lifted then in 2024, where we see like a pickup?
Emma Giamartino: So those are primarily in my remarks, I commented on. They’re primarily related to our local business. We did a couple of acquisitions, smaller acquisitions, where we don’t normalize integration costs. And you’re seeing those integration costs in the quarter. You’re also seeing investments in our local business as we expand that business outside of their current geographies. So there are some upfront costs required to build out those platforms. You’re seeing that in this quarter, we expect that to steadily alleviate through the rest of the year and to end the year overall with the GWS margin in line with last year. And it’s too early to comment on 2024, but I would expect those absent incremental investment, which we’re always doing, our margins will improve going into 2024. I do want to comment a little bit on the local business because that is something that we haven’t talked about extensively and is a really strong contributor to our growth, especially GWS’s growth over time. That came out of the acquisition of Norland at the end of 2013, and it was primarily a UK-based company, and that’s really how we entered the local or regional facilities management market. And when we acquired them, they had about $40 million of EBITDA. And today, they have about – we expect for the year, $230 million of EBITDA. So that’s an exceptional growth story for us. And this year, we’re expecting it to grow another 20%. But as I said, it requires investments over time to launch into new territories, but that will – we’ll see operating leverage as those businesses grow.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And if I could just ask one more. You talked about some of the investments that affect free cash flow with people and recruiting and so forth. I guess just casually observing it does seem like there’s been a pickup of articles of people moving around. Can you just comment just generally on the landscape and kind of where the efforts may lie in terms of trying to recruit and retain folks right now?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, when we talk about recruiting and retention, it’s heavily skewed toward our brokerage business. And our brokerage business is experiencing a good year and an active year of recruiting. And we think it’s going to measure up with some of the best years we’ve ever had. Recruiting – even in a tough market, recruiting is expensive because what you’re typically doing is recruiting the best brokers in the marketplace, and it’s like buying great companies. They never come cheap. But we’re at a time now where people are finding their platforms and the circumstances in the companies they’re in today being less supportive of what they want to do with their careers less supportive of how they want to support their clients than they think CBRE can be. So we’re finding good hunting out there in a lot of places in bringing on people and as a result, spending more money. It’s a little bit like Emma said about the land situation with Trammell Crow Company. There’s a lot of people out there that previously, we’re able to buy land, industrial land or multifamily land that aren’t in a great position to buy it now. It’s not cheap. You still have to pay up to get good land. But you can get some land sites that you couldn’t get previously. You can get some brokers you couldn’t get previously. And that’s what Emma’s comments were centered on about the incremental use of cash for those two types of investments into the future.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question we have comes from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Please go ahead. 
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. The debt issuance overall that you mentioned the term loan upsizing and also the senior notes. Was that to be incremental or a refinancing of debt? Is it to add that capacity to the company overall?
Emma Giamartino: It’s a combination of both. We’re always looking for – we prefer a long-term capital source. So we’ve been looking for opportunities to raise that long-term capital. And what we did in the near term as we used those proceeds to pay down our revolver. We like having that flexibility and capacity on our revolver. The other positive from it is that our net interest rate once – after we raised the bond and expanded the term loan is actually lower than it was drawn on our revolver. So that’s a positive impact, which should endure for the next couple of years.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the cash flow performance side, cash flow was negative in the quarter. Just looking at the cash flow statement in the supplemental, one of the items was timing related due to the GSE multifamily business. I think proceeds from sale of mortgages were below the originations. The other big item looks to be in working capital on the payable side and also in receivables. Is that timing related? Was there anything outsized in the second quarter you wanted to call out?
Emma Giamartino: So specifically – first of all, I think it’s important to look at our free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis, and that’s what I spoke to in my prepared remarks. And we’re really focused on what we expect for the year, which is in that $600 million to $800 million range. In the quarter, specifically, what’s been if you – what’s been impacting the decline is primarily the decline in core net income. All of the adjustments, the cash adjustments that get you to free cash flow are pretty much in line with what you saw last year for the second quarter.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. So nothing unusual in working capital?
Emma Giamartino: No.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. Post second quarter leasing, I recently heard that in New York City, in particular, there’s been a big uptick in office leasing, at least interest in certain buildings. Do you have any views on that?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, that’s an interesting story. And by the way, it’s a story that’s being pulled increasingly, and it’s this bifurcation between really good buildings and other buildings that are less attractive from an experience point of view for tenants. And what we’ve seen in New York, in particular, is that companies that want to get their people back into the office and believe it’s important, are very, very interested in getting the best possible space to create the best environment for those tenants to get them in. So there’s actually a little bit of a feeding frenzy for the best space in a place like Midtown Manhattan. In fact, I had a conversation with our senior most brokers, and we have 125 or so of them that qualify for this, we call Vice Chairman. And we have a Vice Chairman in New York, that focuses mainly on hedge funds, investment companies, et cetera, in Midtown Manhattan. He told me a couple of weeks ago that this is going to be his best year ever in leasing, which is kind of at odds with everything you’re hearing about return to the office, the attractiveness of office space. But what it is, it’s those clients wanting to gobble up the best space, and by the way, at record rental rates so they can create this environment for their people. So we are going to see this circumstance continue to play out where the best buildings do quite well. And the buildings at the bottom really, really struggled in between, you’re going to see buildings repurpose because that – in the absence of those buildings in the middle being repurposed and moved up the spectrum in terms of their quality, there aren’t going to be places for these companies to go when they do want to create this environment for their people. By the way, it’s one of the things that is a bit of an encouraging sign for companies like us who provide a lot of services to office buildings over the longer run.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks. I’m going to get back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from Stephen Sheldon from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Sheldon: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one here, just any general updates on how you’re thinking about the cost structure. It sounds like you’re actually investing behind broker capacity maybe to be better positioned for recovery. Is that kind of a fair read through? And have you taken any notable incremental cost actions elsewhere relative to what you would have thought three months ago?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So cost is something that we’re consistently focused on. Our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli, is consistently thinking about ways to drive cost management through our company. And we’re moving from – this isn’t an episodic event where we cut out a bunch of cross and then we move on. It’s something that our leaders are constantly thinking about going forward. And what you’re seeing right now is there is a balance of managing the business and the fixed cost for what’s required just for our base foundation and our base platform and then investments that should drive future growth. So you mentioned broker recruiting. Those are investments that will drive future growth. The integration costs that I talked about within local are expanding into new territories. Those are investments that will drive future growth. So it’s a constant balance. And we are through the second half of the year. Very focused on ensuring that, we are managing our cost base to an appropriate level for the growth that we’re expecting going forward.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That’s helpful. And then as a follow-up in development, I guess, there’s usually not a ton of visibility. But just how are you thinking about the potential monetization there heading into next year? Would you expect actual harvesting activity to maybe pick up later 2024, maybe 2025 once cap rates, et cetera, have hopefully become a little bit more favorable. Just curious what visibility you have there on the outlook and development.
Bob Sulentic: We definitely expect monetization of our Trammell Crow assets to pick up if, in fact, cap rates perform well. And if, in fact, there’s capital availability for buyers, one of the really great things about that business – and just to remind everybody, we have $17 billion of product in development now, and we have another $13 billion behind that in the pipeline. Those are projects that we have control over, but we haven’t started to develop yet. We have those projects capitalized in a way that we have flexibility over when we harvest them. So if you look at a quarter like this, I think Emma, we sold one building in Q3 – excuse me, Q2, we just decided this is not a good time to be selling our assets. And that positions us well for profitability in the future when the time comes to sell those assets. We’ve got really strong equity partners. We’ve got a little of our own equity in them. We’ve got flexible debt financing. So I think that business is positioned to do very good things for us later next year and beyond when the capital markets come back around.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question we have comes from Michael Griffin from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. Maybe just going back to the M&A pipeline and potential opportunities there. Just given your expected slowdown in the capital markets environment, do you expect more of these opportunities for M&A to be in the GWS segment or advisory or kind of any color on where you’re seeing acquisition opportunities?
Bob Sulentic: Well, Michael, we don’t want to be too specific about where we see them. I will tell you, we are pursuing M&A opportunities that we think do a couple of things. Number one, they advance our ability to serve our clients in areas where we think we’re not as strong as we’d like to be. Number two; they are really well-run companies that we, in some cases, will bring leaders in to run parts of our business with those acquisitions. And they – when we announced some of these things, they’ll sound kind of consistent with what people might have expected.  And some of what we’re doing will sound different than what people might have expected. When we – Emma talked about the Norland acquisition, which has been one of the great ones we made. I don’t think anybody would have expected that acquisition a few years ago. We had grown to the point where it made sense to buy that company. We’ve had others like that. And I think you should expect to see M&A from us that will expand our capability to serve our company with really well-run companies with really good brands. And if we can’t get those kind of deals done, we’re not going to do M&A. We’re not going to force it just to build scale. We can build scale through organic growth.
Michael Griffin: Great. And then just on the capital markets outlook. Has anything changed across the different regions? Maybe are you expecting a greater pickup in APAC relative to the Americas or – any kind of color you could give on the state of performance of the different regions would be helpful.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. On the sales front, it hasn’t – I think overall, our expectations, as we said, have declined. A couple of things to note about the second half of the year. Overall, it we’re looking at a much easier compare. So the first half of 2022 has over 30% growth. The second half of 2022 was down over 30%. So we’re looking at a very different compare. The Americas is expected to decline the most as we saw in the first half of the year. EMEA to a lesser extent, and then APAC will perform the best, and we’re expecting that for the year to decline like mid-single digits.
Michael Griffin: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Please go ahead. Jade, your line is live sir. 
Jade Rahmani: Thank you. M&A is always a fascinating topic yet. I know you can’t say much. Can you say whether your focus is domestic or international?
Bob Sulentic: It’s both, Jade. And I don’t say that globally. We have good opportunities both here in the U.S. and internationally, and we have some opportunities that span the two. By the way, we had several questions today about the pace of M&A. The minute you start looking at acquiring companies that operate across multiple countries. That process takes a long time. And you have to make sure that you’re confident, you can get regulatory approval across those countries that you can integrate across those countries that you can bring people along in a way that is motivating. And so I would say we have M&A opportunities that are specific to the U.S. and specific to countries outside the U.S., but importantly, we have opportunities to span countries, which is exciting. 
Jade Rahmani: I wanted to also ask about AI if that’s an area you want to invest in.
Bob Sulentic: We’re looking – Emma mentioned our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli earlier. Vikram overseas or digital and technology team, which we’ve advanced massively over the last few years. They have an initiative underway, and it would be – I think, Jade, our investors in CBRE would be happy with this. If you watched what we’ve done with technology over the years, we’ve said we’re a real estate company that invests in technology to support our business, to enhance our business to enable our business.  We’re looking at artificial intelligence in exactly the same way. We’re not going into the artificial intelligence business. We’re starting with trying to find places where artificial intelligence can make us more efficient and cost-effective and then – and we’ll move from there to having it support our market-facing businesses. But there’s a lot of hubris around AI now as I think most people would agree, and we’re trying to stay clear of that and be very focused on where we can definitively help our business and invest in it as rational [ph] patient and an rational amount.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Patrick O’Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. The development in process pipeline ticked down a little bit in the second quarter, probably not a huge surprise. Given the current macro, would you expect that in-process pipeline to kind of be flattish for the next few quarters if it doesn’t really make sense to kick off new projects?
Bob Sulentic: Flattish or potentially grow, Patrick, because what happens is they stay in process to you sell them. And if we start new projects that, they’ll move from pipeline to in-process.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it. Thank you. And then Hana – at least Hana segment overhead is now a net positive to operating income over the past 12 months. What are your updated expectations and outlook for that business?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Hana is kind of a net for us now is the best we could explain it. We’ve invested in Industrious. That’s our quote flex bet. It’s a very good company. We’re bullish on Flex as an opportunity. We’ve got a 40% position with some additional debt in the business, and we’re very supportive of Jamie Hodari and his team as they grow that business, and Hana is fading away.
Emma Giamartino: And Patrick, I’ll add just a reminder that when we invest in Industrious, we actually sold our operations, the core of our operations from Hana to Industrious. And so it Industrious operates all those properties today.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it. Appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we’ll talk to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that then concludes today’s conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to CBRE's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance. Thank you, Brad. You may begin.
Brad Burke : Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use all along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials.  Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our earnings outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our SEC filings.  We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix.  I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic : Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results were slightly better than we expected going into the year, but still down significantly from last year's strong first quarter. Our performance relative to our expectations was led by the cyclically resilient elements of our business and our cost management efforts, which more than offset a greater-than-expected decline in property sales.  The elements of our business that are cyclically resilient include our entire GWS business, loan servicing, property management, valuations and asset management fees from our investment management business. Combined, these businesses saw revenue increase nearly 10% during the first quarter and are expected to account for more than 50% of our business segment operating profit for the year, a record high.  With this increased diversification, our business is more resilient, but current conditions are difficult for capital markets and getting more difficult for leasing. There are three major reasons for these difficulties. First, inflation, elevated interest rates and the likelihood of a recession. Second, banking system stress and third, issue specific to the return to office and office utilization. I'll address each of these.  We are aligned with the consensus view that the economy will tip into a recession later this year. We believe it will be a moderate recession and that an eventual easing of the Fed's monetary policy will spur a rebound in economic activity in 2024. The comments Emma and I make today and our responses to questions will be shaped by that view. The high-profile regional bank failures last month have further constrained lending. However, we are not in another global financial crisis when all debt capital source is contracted simultaneously. Regional banks are still lending to commercial real estate but on a much more selective basis. We expect the regional bank pullback to be partly offset by other capital sources, including the GSEs, debt funds and private capital sources.  Looking at the office market, we estimate it will take this asset class twice as long to recover the lost value as it did in the aftermath of the global financial crisis. This reflects the formidable challenges facing office assets, driven by both the slow progress employees return to office and the shedding of jobs in tech and other sectors. Ultimately, we believe that office portfolios will shrink meaningfully from where they were prior to the pandemic, making offices a smaller but still very large commercial real estate asset class. Even with these legitimate concerns in line, we believe sentiment has deteriorated more than the fundamentals that underpin our business. This pattern is typical with commercial real estate investors and occupiers, becoming overly bearish in anticipation of and during early stages of a down cycle. It is our view that debt cost and cap rates are likely near their peak and should gradually improve starting later this year, driving a turnaround that will significantly impact 2024 performance.  To expand on my earlier remarks regarding the growing resilience in our business, our Global Workplace Solutions segment, which generated more than $900 million of segment operating profit over the past 12 months, is expected to grow by double digits this year. In total, our cyclically resilient business lines, including GWS, produced approximately $1.5 billion of segment operating profit over the past 12 months and we expect them to grow in aggregate by high single digits this year. It's also important to note that we have become much less dependent on office properties, which accounted for just 14% of U.S. property sales revenue in 2022. Other asset classes where we have large businesses will be more resilient. For instance, we expect valuations for industrial and multifamily to fully recover in two to three years, less than half the time it took coming out of the global financial crisis.  Although we anticipate pressure on our transactional businesses to intensify further this year, we are maintaining our earnings outlook for full year 2023. Emma will discuss this in detail during her remarks. Emma?
Emma Giamartino : Thank you, Bob. As Bob mentioned, the diversification of our business and rigorous financial discipline were key to producing Q1 results that were slightly better than the expectations we set forth for each of our segments in late February, despite some market environment becoming more challenging.  I'll review each segment now, starting with Advisory Services on Slide 6. Results in the first quarter were supported by stability in our valuations, loan servicing and property management lines of business, with revenue relatively flat compared to prior year. We also benefited from cost mitigation efforts, we initiated last year that decreased advisory operating expenses by 2.5%. So these benefits were offset by a greater decline in our property sales business than expected. Capital markets, property sales and loan origination combined declined 40%, a slightly greater decline than expectations.  Within property sales, all major reasons saw revenue decline with Asia-Pacific performing the best, down 30%, and the Americas falling more than 40%. Most sales activity today involves industrial and multifamily properties with office understandably drawing little capital activity. Significant capital is ready to be deployed, but we do not expect activity to improve until borrowing costs decline and market pricing clarity improved. Leasing revenue declined 8%, in line with expectations against the nearly 50% increase in the first quarter last year. Across geographies, leasing performance diverged, with the Americas down 10% and EMEA down 5% and APAC up 26%, all in local currency. This is consistent with our expectations for non-U.S. markets, especially APAC, to perform relatively better in light of regional economic outlooks and improved office utilization levels. Now please turn to Slide 7. Our GWS business continues to grow impressively with both facilities management and project management net revenue up by double digits, exceeding our expectations. Growth was driven by several of the large facilities management contract wins achieved last year and strong organic growth within project management, driven by large project mandates.  Our pipeline of new business reached a record level at the end of the first quarter as both existing clients and first-generation outsourcers are increasingly focused on cost reduction. GWS's margin on net revenue of 10.8% was in line with our expectations and will improve throughout the year as our cost reduction efforts to phase in. Please turn to Slide 8. Overall, REI results met our expectations, and we continue to expect full year results to meet our original guidance. Q1 development results were supported by large asset sales, which occurred in January, consistent with what we discussed last quarter. For the balance of the year, we expect our asset sales to be heavily weighted to industrial projects such as monetized in the fourth quarter.  We have pulled back only slightly on planned construction starts for 2023. We do anticipate that well-conceived projects we got in the current environment will come online in supply-constrained markets, most notably for industrial. For the same reason, we are focused on carefully building our land position so that we can benefit from a first-mover advantage coming out of the downturn, a position that has historically provided significant rewards. Additionally, our Telford UK development business is tracking in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect improvement from 2022 results. Within Investment Management, profit was roughly flat versus prior year, excluding the mark-to-market impact on our co-investment portfolio, which was a significant positive in the prior year. For context, co-investment gains made up less than 1% of this business line's operating profit in the trailing 12 months. AUM declined modestly from the fourth quarter as net capital inflows and foreign currency effects offset most of the loss of market value. Turning to Slide 9. We believe the current environment is an attractive time to deploy capital. Our M&A pipeline is strong with multiple attractive opportunities, some large that could transform CBRE's existing offerings and drive meaningful shareholder value. We reduced share repurchases in the quarter as we continue to evaluate these opportunities. If we are unable to convert our larger pursuits we will accelerate our share repurchase activity well above Q1 levels. In any event, we expect to deploy more capital in the next 12 months than in the prior 12 months while maintaining an appropriately conservative level of leverage.  We expect to generate in excess of $1 billion of free cash flow this year. When combining this expected free cash flow with our lightly levered balance sheet, we could invest as much as $5.5 billion this year, while maintaining leverage below 2 turns. I'll conclude with our outlook. Our original 2023 outlook contemplated our recovery from the current downturn in the back half of the year. We now expect a delayed recovery due to more constrained debt liquidity and heightened market uncertainties. Our sales and leasing businesses are most impacted by the changed economic environment. And as a result, we now anticipate property sales to fall by nearly 20%, which would represent a more than 25% decline from peak 2021 levels.  We also expect leasing activity to be down by high single digits this year. As Bob indicated, we are maintaining our full year outlook, with core earnings per share expected to decline by low- to mid-double digits this year. Stronger growth than we originally anticipated in our resilient lines of business described earlier and incremental cost reduction efforts will largely offset the impact of our weaker outlook for capital markets and leasing transactions. However, there is more uncertainty in this outlook than there was when we first presented it in late February. We continue to expect core EPS to exceed the prior peak in 2024. And as a reminder, our outlook is informed by our view that there will be a moderate recession this year, followed by a rebound in economic activity in 2024 as the Fed reduces interest rates. With that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Q - Chandni Luthra : Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I would like to talk about capital allocation first. So what are the segments that are most attractive to you from an M&A standpoint? Bob, Emma, could you give us a sense of multiples and perhaps size of the deal, say, with respect to Turner & Townsend, which was one of the biggest deals you've done in recent past. And help us understand if are looking at one large transformative deal? Or is it going to be a cocktail of smaller M&A transactions.
Emma Giamartino : Yeah, Chandni, so we are looking for opportunities across our segments where we can enhance the offerings that we currently have. And we are looking at multiple deals that are larger than what we've typically done. So on the larger side of both Turner & Townsend.  And in terms of the segments that we're focused on, it's facilities management, it's investment management, and it's our resilient lines of business within advisory such as valuation. So we're looking across all three segments, and we are looking for, when we say transformational, it's needle moving something that can change the profile of our existing businesses. These aren't businesses that are completely new to CBRE. We have extremely high rating standards. As you can imagine, you asked about multiple across those three segments. The multiples are different, but we are looking for highly accretive deals that can generate returns and shareholder value well above what we could do with buybacks alone.  And I do want to underscore that M&A can move in multiple directions, and we are hopeful that we'll convert at least a large deal in our pipeline. But if we don't do that, we will accelerate our share repurchases. And as I said in my remarks, we intend to deploy as much capital as we -- in the next 12 months as we did in the last 12 months. And as a reminder, that was just over $2 billion of capital deployed.
Chandni Luthra : And a quick follow-up to that. As you think about 2023 guidance, there is M&A part of this unchanged guidance?
Emma Giamartino : It is not. It is not. And what I'd say about that is both buybacks and M&A done towards the end of the year will not have a meaningful impact to 2023 results. That impact will flow into 2024.
Chandni Luthra : Got it. And then for my second question, you obviously cut set guidance for transactions and leasing, but you maintained your EPS guidance for 2023 and also sort of 2024. So give us your thought process behind this comfort, like how much of this unchanged EPS guidance is from noncyclical components performing better versus you leaning into more cost cuts in the business? And what are those incremental cost reduction efforts that you're now contemplating that you perhaps weren't when you printed 4Q results and the world was a little bit. Thank you.
Emma Giamartino : So Chandni, that's actually a really important question. I'd say, high level, the reduction from our revised on the ground sales and leasing revenue is having about a 3% impact to our far outlook for EPS for the full year, and that is being offset by a combination of higher growth in GWS and cost mitigation efforts or cost avoidance efforts in REI and advisory.
Chandni Luthra : Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Now our question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah, thanks. Good morning Bob, Emma, I guess, could you just talk a little bit about the transaction business. And I'm just curious, Bob, is it -- do you think the absolute rates is for being 5% plus a spread that's putting borrowing costs in the in that's creating it? Or do you think it's more the availability of credit today that's creating an issue in the transaction market.
Bob Sulentic : Steve, it's both of those things. It's the absolute rates, it's the availability of credit, but it's a third thing, and that is the uncertainty about where things are going to go. And we think later this year, all three of those things will start to move in a direction that's helpful to our business. We think rates will stabilize, possibly come down more capital more debt and equity will become available. And the combination of those two things will create more certainty around pricing, and we think that transactions will start to happen again on the capital market side.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I don't remember if it was the last quarter or maybe the quarter before. I know you had sort of talked about a longer range EPS target, I think, in the $8 to $9 range. And I believe that time frame had been pushed out maybe more like the '26 or '27 from maybe that was originally '25. I'm just curious, as you look out over the next, say, three to five years, how do you sort of think about that $8 to $9 figure? And is that time frame of '26- '27 still realistic?
Bob Sulentic : We talked about that at the end of the year, which, by the way, that was only 60 days ago, roughly. And our long-term view is not altered by what we've seen so far this year. Of course, we'll address that again next year when we have the benefit of the full year view. But our long-term view for the prospects of the business are good.  And of course, part of those -- the long term is the short term, I will say what we've seen in the short term is challenged in one sense, the transactions, but in the other sense, our enthusiasm for and belief in these -- what we're calling these resilient businesses, particularly GWS. And also what we're seeing in the M&A space where we have become a more interesting buyer to a good number of companies than we have been historically. There are companies out there in our sector or directly adjacent to our sector that believe by becoming part of our business or having financial sponsorship from our business will help them perform better than they could perform on their own. And this is not a circumstance that's going on in the same way with other companies in our sector. We think we have a distinct advantage there. And that's going to be a more material part of our future, we believe now that you would have heard from us certainly in the past.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That's it for me. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone : Thanks. And I guess the first one for you, Bob, just on this capital allocation, M&A and just where the business is going to that point, if you look out two or three years, where do you think the biggest shift in revenue mix is for you all? Do you think it's by property type, geography or business line? Just any thoughts on how to think about that?
Bob Sulentic : Well, there'll be shifts across all of those. So by geography, our business is definitively becoming larger on a relative basis in Asia-Pacific, Asia specifically than it has been historically. I'll give you an example. In the advisory business, forever, our second biggest business was the UK behind the United States, and there wasn't anything close. Our business in Japan now is roughly the same size as our business in the UK.  For sure, we're growing our businesses related to the multifamily and industrial asset classes. We're not the only ones doing that, but that's a definitive part of what we're doing. And then the outsourcing business, which includes us providing facilities management and project management and portfolio services work, mostly for big corporates focused on saving them money, working on their net zero initiatives, shedding assets in some cases. That business will be an enduring double-digit grower and probably not low double digits. We think there's an opportunity to have that be mid-double digits.  And when I made my comments a minute ago about companies being increasingly interested in having us be their acquirer or us investing in them, a lot of that happens in that segment. So that's kind of where we see the shift happening across our businesses.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. Thanks. And then just on the leasing side, you noted just the step down that's unfolding there. I think the office side of it, I think everybody probably understands pretty well. But do you see any other parts of leasing cracking either geographically or by property type that's of note, like industrial has been pretty strong, but maybe a little bit more color there. And I think even like retail in Europe, you called it out and I think your release as having been pretty good.
Bob Sulentic : Yeah, retail leasing is good. And by the way, retail rental rates are growing up because there's a big experience thing going on here across the U.S. and around the world that is causing retailers of various types, including food and beverage. But obviously, the high-end retailers doing quite well, and that's helping our leasing business in retail.  Industrial's been white hot over the last couple of years, and it's just not going to stay that hot indefinitely. That's been a little bit anomalistic. And so we are seeing a little bit of downward pressure on industrial leasing. But we think over the longer term, industrial leasing will be very, very strong. And the dynamics driving logistics space around the world will remain in place. But we are seeing some downward pressure on that for sure this year.
Anthony Paolone : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani : Thank you very much. On commercial real estate as an asset class, we're at an interesting time because for as long as I've covered the space, the institutional allocation to commercial real estate has continually increased, and this is the first year, as I remember, where it's decreasing. And at the same time, the ground is clearly shifting with office, and office historically represents a scaled way to deploy capital in the space. Otherwise, you're buying very small assets. It's very hard to get to scale.  So do any of those dynamics affect in your view the long-term secular trend of institutionalization in commercial real estate and the attractiveness of the asset class overall.
Bob Sulentic : In aggregate, Jade, I don't think so. And I'll tell you why I say that. First of all, what you're seeing now isn't driven largely by commercial real estate being out of favor. It's not even in the biggest sense being driven by office buildings being out of favor. It's being driven by the denominator effect.  The base of assets around the world is growing. The base of industrial space around the world is growing. The base of institutional quality multifamily around the world is growing, et cetera. And we think that's going to continue. And we think when stock prices rebound, the denominator effect will go in the other direction.  The other thing I would tell you about office space, which has been a big home for capital, there's a tendency when things turn to think that they're going to turn and disappear. Our view is that the portfolios that companies have the office space, not the investors in office space, but the companies that use it that ultimately drive the investment in office space will shrink materially. But it will still be an enormous asset class. If it's down 20% or 10% or 15%, whatever it settles down, it will still be an enormous asset class.  And the future of office space is still being sorted out. We may be more back in the office in the future than we are today. That's just an unknown. But that will be a very large asset class. That will be a very big home for institutional capital in the future, but certainly, other asset classes will and there's all retail and industrial, hotels, multifamily, huge asset classes and look what's going on with hotels.  I mean try to get a hotel room at a rational pre-COVID rate right now anywhere in a good hotel and that you just can't do it. And so I don't think commercial real estate as an asset class is going to decline in importance at all in the future.
Jade Rahmani : Thank you very much for that. I wanted to ask about this. Again, I don't know if it's a pipe dream I have, but I could envision CBRE going in a direction where infrastructure really becomes essentially a new leg in the stool, a new standalone segment and you really broaden the suite of services you provide to governments, to agencies and client mitigation becomes an extremely large strategic opportunity. So do you see infrastructure as one of those potential transformational type deals, it probably also would be accretive to CBRE's overall multiples since we've enhanced resiliency that sector being less cyclical and having a lot of secular growth potential.
Bob Sulentic : Jade, there's two areas of our business now where we do meaningful work in infrastructure. We have an investment management business that invests in infrastructure. And with the acquisition of 60% of Turner & Townsend, which by the way, has continued to outperform our expectations. They have a significant infrastructure and significant green energy business, and they do large projects subject to very long-term contracts around the world.  We would expect those businesses to grow and provide incremental opportunity to us in the long run. What we might do beyond that is a long run circumstance that we're not really prepared to talk about at this point, but we do have positive exposure in both those areas.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Griffin with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Griffin : Great. Thanks. Bob, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about how you expect GWS to grow in the high single digits. I think last quarter, it was pegged at about low double digits. Maybe I misheard this, but if that's the case, why would that be? I presume that these are sort of stickier, more resilient business lines. So anything you could add on that would be great.
Bob Sulentic : Yeah, Michael. What I said was that we expect the total of our cyclically resilient business is to grow in the high single digits. So that would be GWS valuations, property management the fee portion of our investment management business, we expect our GWS business to grow well into the double digits.
Michael Griffin : Got you. That's helpful. And then maybe just one on office, particularly on potential refinancings and debt coming due. I think we've seen some news recently about some debt availability for maybe less than trophy class properties. And I think library office asset need might suggest at least a data point that I saw that there is debt out there. Are you seeing this particularly on the office side? I mean I think the expectation is for trophy buildings to have financing, but maybe some of that not the absolute top of the market stuff might be harder to finance.
Bob Sulentic : Yeah. Well, trophy buildings both in the current environment and in the long term are going to do quite well in our view. Because with all that's going on, on the return to the office circumstance, companies are looking for great environments for their employees. We're doing it for our own headquarters in our own offices around the U.S. and around the world. Virtually, all of our clients are doing it. And these -- so these great buildings are going to do well.  B and C buildings are going to be challenged, and there is less capital available for them. But I think there's an overreaction to that circumstance. The press -- it's like so many things. It's a great story to talk about how bad something is when it gets bad, the fact of the matter is, coming out of the financial crisis, office buildings were capitalized much more conservatively than they had been historically, more equity in office buildings than there had been previously. If you look at the banking system today, something like 1.5% of commercial or commercial banks asset portfolio is in office buildings. It's not a huge threatening circumstance. Some of the problem assets will go back to the bank. Some of them will get restructured and worked out as is always the case with troubled assets. So it's going to be hard to refinance some of those assets and some of those assets are going to become troubled and go back. But it's not going to be an overwhelming circumstance the way certain headlines would suggest it might be.
Michael Griffin : Great. That's helpful. And then just last one. I think Emma might have mentioned the Telford acquisition tracking in line with expectations. The UK, I believe it's a single-family business. Obviously, we've seen over here in the states, worries around the regulatory front and maybe some single-family companies. Is there any worry that similar regulations could come down the pipe in the UK? Or is it just kind of a very different business model.
Emma Giamartino : Michael, I just want to clarify, our Telford business is a multifamily business, it's shifting towards build-to-rent multifamily.
Michael Griffin : Okay. And is there any way around regulation on that? I mean we've seen some of the apartment companies, whether it's rent regulation, stuff like that, any concerns?
Emma Giamartino : No, no. We don't have any concerns. And we actually see -- when we initially made that investment, we saw a secular tailwind in builder in the UK that continues to exist. And so we expect that business to continue to grow going forward.
Michael Griffin : Awesome. That's it for me. Thanks for your time. 
Bob Sulentic : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Really impressive trends. GWS this quarter sounds like there is confidence in continued double-digit growth there. In that context, I think there has been at least some concern that with companies reducing their office real estate footprint that it could become a headwind to growth in GWS at some point if contract scopes get reduced.  So be curious if you're concerned about that at all? Or is the business so diversified by different asset classes and the industry still so fragmented and so early in outsourcing adoption that you're not worried about the growth trajectory at GWS over the medium term. I guess how do you think about that?
Bob Sulentic : Stephen, corporates reducing their office footprint is a headwind for that business. And by the way, has been a headwind for that business for the last 15 years. The average square foot per person that corporates use has been going down and down and down and we've been helping them with that. We've been helping them reconfigure their portfolios. We've been helping them do project work in support of that. And the project work they need now with the kind of space they're trying to deliver for their employees is really important.  So yes, that will be a headwind in terms of the amount of space that we might manage for individual corporates. But other work we would do for them will offset that. But the thing kind of overwhelms that circumstance is that more corporates are bringing us on new clients are bringing us on to help them create environments for their employees to help them save money, both in terms of the size of their footprint, the operation of their facilities to help them move toward a more energy-efficient environment and certainly now with Turner & Townsend, that puts us in a better place to do that.  So the net of all those dynamics is that this is going to be a double-digit growing business. And again, that's before some of the acquisition opportunities that we're seeing that are becoming more prominent for us because -- partly because we want to do it, but partly because companies that might combine with us are finding us more interesting than they used to.
Stephen Sheldon : Very helpful. And then just a follow-up. You've given some good detail on the 2024 kind of commentary. But on 2024 core EPS surpassing the prior peak, which is 2022. Is the planned capital deployment a big factor in that, whether it's accretive M&A or share repurchase activity? Or would you still expect to surpass prior peak in 2024 without a big ramp in capital deployment?
Emma Giamartino : There's very little capital deployment in that plan to exceed prior peak EPS in 2024. Any capital allocation buybacks and M&A would help us surpass that even to a greater extent. And I do want to emphasize that getting to 2024 -- in 2024 getting to that record EPS level, we believe it is very achievable. It takes relatively conservative assumptions to get there for both a rebound in our advisory and our transactional business lines, both in REI and advisory. We don't have to get back to 2021 levels in those businesses to get to the direct EPS.  And then within GWS. If you are in the very low double-digit range, we can still get to that record EPS level. And that again, that's all without meaningful capital allocation.
Stephen Sheldon : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : Hey, good morning. So obviously, debt financing is really challenging right now in commercial real estate. What sort of role do you see for private credit in commercial real estate financing going forward?
Bob Sulentic : Well, I can tell you, Patrick, it won't be surprising to you to hear me say that we interface a lot with the private equity folks in commercial real estate who are customers of ours that might be participants in this. And the view is that this is going to be a big opportunity for them. When there's a lack of supply coming from other areas, people come in and backfill and create opportunities for themselves in that area, and we think that's going to happen here.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : Got it. Thank you. And then you spoke earlier about market pricing clarity serving as a catalyst for improved capital markets transactions. But what's the catalyst for that market pricing clarity to actually happen?
Bob Sulentic : Interest rates to stabilize and come down are the biggest factor there, and we think that's going to happen later this year.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the floor back over to Bob Sulentic for any closing comments.
Bob Sulentic : Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again a quarter from now when we report our second quarter results.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Q4 2022 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require Operator assistance during the conference, please press star, zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance at CBRE. Thank you, you may begin.
Brad Burke: Good morning everyone and welcome to CBRE’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we posted a presentation deck on our website that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials.  Before we kick off today’s call, I’ll remind you that today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements concerning our earnings outlook. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our SEC filings. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I’m joined on today’s call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO, and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Brad, and good morning everyone. As you’ve seen, we reported core EPS of $1.33 for the fourth quarter. While down significantly from a year ago, core earnings were slightly above the estimate we provided at the end of the third quarter. This outcome was driven by several of the more cyclically resilient elements of our business, like outsourcing and others that are secularly favored, like project management and the logistics asset class. These businesses, which together comprise about 45% of our core EBITDA, grew revenue more than we expected, offset by a slightly larger than expected decline in transactional revenue. Full year core EPS grew 7% to $5.69. This is a solid growth rate considering the more than doubling of long term interest rates, sharp equity market decline, and the credit crunch that constrained investment activity for most of the second half. Notably, we ended 2022 with virtually no leverage despite making share repurchases, infill M&A, and strategic investments that together totaled approximately $2.1 billion during the year. Looking at the macro environment, cap rates are up 100 to 150 basis points, perhaps a bit more for office, and we expect them to expand another 25 basis points or so before peaking, likely in Q2. While capital largely remains on the sidelines, we are beginning to see signs of asset re-pricing helped along by the narrowing of spreads. Among property types, multi-family and industrial fundamentals should remain strong, albeit with occupancy declining slightly from peak levels and rent growth continuing at a more modest clip than the double-digit pace set in 2022. Office will remain the most challenged property type as we do not expect occupancy to come close to pre-pandemic levels in the short term. Globally, we expect significant sales and leasing weakness in the first half before adverse conditions begin to ease later in 2023. Relative to 2022, we expect both Europe and Asia Pacific to outperform the Americas this year. For 2023, we expect core EPS to decline by low to mid double digits but still to be the third highest in CBRE’s history. As we’ve pointed out before, this would be a meaningfully better performance than in prior recessions, such as the global financial crisis when core EPS decreased more than 60%. In all, 2023 will be a transition year and we feel good about where we’ll be when we get to the other side of the downturn. While the macro environment can certainly change, we expect core EPS to grow strongly in 2024, exceeding the 2022 peak and reaching a record level in just the first year after a recession. With that, I’ll hand the call to Emma, who will discuss our quarter and our outlook in greater detail. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thank you Bob. Before turning to our 2023 outlook, I’ll first discuss fourth quarter results for each of our segments, starting with advisory on Slide 6. Advisory net revenue and SOPs declined by 21% and 33% respectively, driven by a slightly more pronounced decline in our higher margin transactional businesses than originally expected which was partially offset by healthy growth from our property management business. For capital markets, sales and mortgage origination combined revenue declined by 46%, in line with our expectations. Capital markets revenue growth was robust in last year’s Q4, increasing by 53%, which accentuated the extent of this year’s decline. Leasing revenue was down 7% both globally and in the Americas, a slightly bigger decline than we expected with a notable slowdown in office activity in New York, Boston, San Francisco and Seattle. In total, global office leasing revenue was 14% below prior year after increasing by nearly 50% year to date through the third quarter, albeit against relatively easy prior year comparisons. Outside the U.S., leasing revenue was down 6% wholly due to FX translation headwinds. In local currency, lease revenue increased in both EMEA and Asia Pacific.  The 19% decline in loan servicing was attributable to fewer prepayments amid rising mortgage rates versus record prepayments in Q4 2021. Excluding prepayments, loan servicing revenue increased by 2%. Overall cost in advisory declined by 18%, but this was not enough to offset the 21% decrease in total new revenue. Turning to Slide 7, GWS net revenue grew by 13% with half of that increase coming from organic revenue growth. In local currency, net revenue excluding Turner & Townsend increased by 12% with facilities management up 9% and project management up 21%. GWS SOP increased by 30% with margin improvement driven partly by business mix.  Turner & Townsend continued to grow impressively. In the first full year since acquiring a 60% interest, Turner & Townsend has exceeded our original underwriting. 2022 represented our highest ever year for client contracts coming up for renewal, totaling over $4 billion. GWS renewed 94% of this total, often with increased scope of our client relationships. Looking forward, we expect 2023 renewals to be just over half the level of 2022. The GWS revenue pipeline ended the year up 11% over year-end 2021, reflecting continued demand from first generation and outsourcing clients as well as expansion mandates from our existing client base.  Turning to Slide 8, REI SOP declined to just $17 million in Q4 against an unusually strong prior year comparison. Our global development business posted a $6 million SOP loss primarily due to a $43 million loss in our Telford, U.K. development business. Lower SOP in U.S. development reflects the timing of assets dispositions, which were heavily weighted to this year’s first half, consistent with our expectations going into the year. Following an in-depth review of the Telford business, we wrote down a handful of projects where we expect costs to exceed our initial underwriting, and we also increased our fire safety reserve. We now believe Telford financial performance will improve going forward. Investment management AUM grew $5 billion sequentially, driven by net capital inflows of $4 billion and positive FX movements which offset $5 billion of mark-to-market declines. Investment management SOPs declined due in part to co-investment losses versus a gain in the prior year quarter. Excluding co-investment gains and losses, investment management SOP was nearly flat with the prior year quarter. Turning to Slide 9, our 2023 outlook is underpinned by the following macroeconomic assumptions. The U.S. will experience a short, moderate recession in 2023, unemployment will increase to near 5%, inflation will end the year above the Fed’s 2% target but clearly trending down, and 10-year U.S. treasury yields will end the year under 3.5%. Should the economic outlook change from this base case, our business outlook would also change. In our advisory segment, we expect a mid single digit revenue decline. This will be driven by growth in more resilient lines of business offset by a mid to high single digit decline in leasing and mid-teens decline in property sales. We expect SOP to decline by high single digits to low double digits as cost savings initiatives partially offset both relatively better growth in lower margin businesses and general cost inflation. In our property sales business, we expect the number of transactions will be subdued in the first half of the year and accelerate in the back half of the year. We expect our leasing business to continue to benefit from an elevated level of lease expirations. While the return to office has been slow in the U.S., EMEA and APAC have seen occupancy return at a faster pace. As a result, we expect these regions to be less pressed than the Americas in 2023. For property management and valuations, we expect accelerating revenue growth in both kinds of business due to recent investments in sales support and tuck-in acquisitions, as well as less FX pressure. Within GWS, we expect low double digit new revenue and SOP growth with margins increasing slightly as cost savings more than offset inflation and incremental investment to support growth.  Our facilities management business is benefiting from new wins and expansions. All major client sectors are expected to grow, notably in healthcare and technology where the changing use of real estate is driving increased demand for outsourcing services that we believe CBRE is best positioned to deliver. We also expect continued momentum in our project management businesses, including double digit top and bottom line growth from our Turner & Townsend business. Within our REI segment, we expect SOP in the mid $300 million range with roughly equal contributions from development and investment management. Within our TCC development business, we expect SOP of just over 1% of our nearly $17 billion in-process portfolio, and we’ve closed over $100 million of expected SOP in January alone. Our TCC business has developed a portfolio of assets that we believe is extremely well positioned for the current market environment with approximately 75% of our expected SOP in 2023 from industrial deals. While our Telford business remains challenged, we do expect improvement versus 2022 as significant cost inflation is now incorporated into projected results, adding approximately $20 million to SOP versus 2022.  Beyond our three main business segments, we also expect roughly flat corporate overhead and our full year core tax rate to rise to 2021 levels versus a lower 2022 rate. Consistent with our approach last year, the 2023 outlook assumes only a modest use of capital. That said, we continue to have a strong appetite for M&A and share repurchase, both of which could support incremental earnings growth above our current outlook, and we do not anticipate ending 2023 in a net cash position. In summary, we expect core EBITDA to decline by high single digits versus 2022 with over half attributable to the decline in development SOP. We expect core EPS to decline by low to mid double digits versus 2022. This is more than the core EBITDA decline because of higher depreciation and amortization and a higher tax rate than in 2022, when we had a number of one-time benefits that will not recur. Lastly, we expect nearly two-thirds of full year core EPS in the back half of the year, a more pronounced seasonality to earnings than we historically experienced.  The $400 million cost containment program we announced last quarter is embedded in our guidance. Fourth quarter results saw a nearly $80 million cost benefit and we expect a cost benefit in 2023 of approximately $300 million, with the remainder in 2024. The entirety of the cost containment program will be reflected in our run rate by the end of this year. We expect that our cost containment efforts will allow us to counteract the general inflation pressures and enable us to make continued investments to support future growth. Last year, we refreshed our 2025 financial guidance which implied CBRE would achieve core EPS between $8 and $9 by year-end 2025, absent meaningful capital allocation. Due to the real estate transaction downturn, our target is now likely to slip by 12 to 18 months. As I noted previously, our 2025 targets were established on the basis that there would not be a recession following the COVID recovery. The drivers of how we achieve this core EPS growth are largely unchanged. At the midpoint of that core EPS target, $8.50, CBRE will have achieved double digit compound core EPS growth since 2019 despite needing to manage through two significant downturns. It also represents a high teens CAGR from our 2023 projection. In closing, we remain excited about CBRE’s prospects for long term growth, the strength of our brand, and our ability to outperform during periods of market weakness.  With that, Operator, we’ll open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you and good morning. My first question relates to GWS and the outsourcing business, and I was wondering if you can maybe take us inside that business a bit more and help us understand how in an environment where office usage is down and footprints are shrinking, that that business can continue to grow. Just would like to better understand what additional services clients are taking on to maybe offset smaller footprints.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, first of all, even if the work you do for a client in a specific portion of their portfolio is shrinking, it likely would result in project management work, potentially transaction management work, portfolio management work, so even if you have some shrinkage within an account, there are opportunities for revenue. But secondly, there is the addition of new accounts which has been very significant for us for the past year, actually record levels, and we’re expecting that going forward, where people are giving us more property to manage because they want to save cost, so the combination of those factors has allowed us to grow that business consistently over the years during downturns, and we expect it’s going to be a double-digit grower in 2023 for the same reasons.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, and then just my second question relates to just perhaps any color you can give us that you’re seeing on the ground today in terms of either greenshoots or regions or property types where you’re starting to see activity levels rebound. I think you alluded to some properties starting to come to market or folks maybe testing the market a bit, and so just wonder if you could elaborate on that some.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, and you’re asking with regard to property sales?
Anthony Paolone: And leasing, just the more transactional stuff.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, okay. Well, where we’re seeing activity in sales is for good assets, even in some cases office assets if they’re Class A buildings, fully leased, but for sure industrial and multi-family. If you went back to last year, even the end of last year, you would get a couple bidders that would test the waters, but now for some of the better quality assets, we’re getting several bidders and they’re bidding aggressively, and there’s anecdotes on multi-family, there’s anecdotes on industrial in particular where we’re seeing that happen. It’s quite a bit different than it was last year. There is a lot of capital that’s been on the sidelines wanting to acquire assets. There’s a lot of asset owners that have wanted to sell assets, and we’re starting to see spreads come in a little bit now and the buyers get a little more aggressive in various cases, so that’s what you’re seeing there. With leasing, we continue to see very strong fundamentals in industrial. There is low vacancy, there are a lot of companies out there that still need space for a variety of reasons, and so we are seeing momentum there, and then you have, as we said before, you have a considerable amount of renewal activity around office buildings and retail in particular. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chandni Luthra: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Bob, you talked about 2024 EPS recovering to 2022 levels at least. What gives you confidence on such a recovery, just given the macro environment and the uncertain outlook that we all have at the moment for the rest of the year? Are you seeing any signs on the ground of improvement, anything that gives you that confidence to go out and talk about 2024 right now?
Bob Sulentic: Yes Chandni, I’ll comment and then I’ll give it to Emma. First of all, we actually expect 2024 to not go back to ’22 levels but actually exceed ’22. A big part of that is the large portion of our business that’s either secularly benefited or cyclically advantaged, all of that outsourcing business which in aggregate is now quite large. Anything we’re doing for the industrial or multi-family asset classes, we expect to be strong by then. Project management will be strong, we expect the debt business to come back, so all of those circumstances are driving it. Now, the thing that would cause it to not happen is if we were wrong about the recession, if the recession was worse or lasted longer or started later, but those parts of our business are what we expect to drive that outcome. Emma, you may want to add to that.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, to put a little context around what those numbers look like, Chandni, if you think about our resilient lines of businesses, we’ve talked about that being 40% contributor to our SOP. In 2022, it was 45% of our SOP; in 2023, it’s going to be closer to 50% to 55% of our SOP, and those are our lines of business that we expect to continue to grow through a recession, so that’s becoming a larger and larger part of our business. Then our transactional business lines, we expect them to rebound starting a little bit the end of 2023 into 2024, and what’s important to know about that is the growth that’s embedded in that outlook to get back to above 2022 levels means that our advisory lines of business, our transactional lines of business would need to grow less than they did in 2021. Putting that all together, it’s very achievable. Then on top of that, what’s not embedded in the 2024 guidance or our outlook is any sort of material capital allocation or M&A, which would put us far above 2022 levels.
Chandni Luthra: That’s very helpful, and that’s exactly what I wanted to talk about for my next question, but more focused on 2023. In terms of buybacks and just general capital allocation, you talked about using--you know, you talked about only a modest use of capital in 2023, and that means the buyback is not part of that EPS guide that you’ve given today. But how would you rank buybacks and M&A in 2023 in terms of priority, and do you think buybacks could look much like 2022 in 2023?  Then switching gears to M&A a little bit, if M&A were to be part of the calculus, could you give us some parameters on what that could potentially look like, how much leverage would you be willing to tap into, and what would be the potential business lines that you would like to explore?
Emma Giamartino: Sure. When we look at allocating capital, we look at buybacks and M&A and are weighing which is a better use of our capital and which can drive a greater long term return for us. In 2022, you saw there wasn’t a significant amount of M&A opportunities, but obviously we’re building our pipeline and continue to build our pipeline and are seeing things--conversations are starting to build and accelerate in a way that they did not in 2022. But because there wasn’t a tremendous amount of M&A activity available, we repurchased almost $2 billion worth of shares and our share price was also at an attractive valuation, so we’ll continue to look at that. We are constantly evaluating whether we’re going to buy back or we’re going to do a larger transformational acquisition, and we’ll continue to do that throughout this year and we’ll update you as that progresses; but in our outlook, we didn’t include what that would look like because we don’t know how it’s going to unfold going forward. In terms of M&A, we are willing to go up to two times leverage for a transformational deal. If it was highly transformational, we’d go slightly above that, but that’s the range that we’re looking at. Then with capital allocation overall, we want to, at the very least, end the year net leverage neutral, but we’re willing to go above that for buybacks as well.
Chandni Luthra: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Bob, just circling back on the sales activity, I’m just curious, in your mind, is the potential pick-up in activity more a function of the overall level of interest rates or more of a stabilization of rates and spreads, where people can actually know what their cost of capital is before they start to underwrite transactions? I’m just trying to figure out which one’s the bigger lever, the actual rate or the stabilization of rates.
Bob Sulentic: I think probably right now, it’s the stabilization of rates. The other thing, Steve, that I think is going on is people are recognizing that with all the concerns about the economy, and obviously there are considerable concerns, the fundamentals in industrial and multi-family are really strong - really low vacancy rates, every reason in the world to believe that rental rates will go up at least somewhat, and that’s in what’s going to be a tough year and then longer term, it’s going to be better. Then you have this just very human thing about sellers being ready to sell and buyers being ready to buy with capital and sitting on the sidelines for a long time. As soon as two or three circumstances start to line up favorably - fundamentals, stabilization of rents or rates, rates coming down a little bit, some talk in the market that maybe the recession won’t be as bad as we thought. When you get that confluence of circumstances, things start to shake loose a little bit, and as soon as one or two buyers go into the market, others start to get into the market because they’re afraid they’ll be left behind.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. Then secondly, I was just hoping maybe Emma could provide a little more detail on what happened to Telford. It sounded like maybe costs got out of control. I just thought maybe you could expand on that a little bit, just to make sure we understand the problems and what’s been rectified moving forward.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely. I do want to step back, and there’s two major things going on that are different. The first is the U.K. put in a fire safety act which is still under review, related to a very terrible fire that happened in 2017, so through that act, they’re requiring all home builders who have built a building over a certain size over the past 30 years to bring those buildings up to the current fire safety standard, so as a result, we and all other homebuilders in the U.K. are having to go through this process of determining what the cost will be across all of our buildings that we’ve built over the next five, 10 years, as long as it takes us to remediate those issues, and that’s where you see the non-cash, about $140 million reserve that we took in Q4. What’s important to know about that is that is our best estimate of what we think the cost will be to remediate those, but the actual cash outflow to remediate those issues across those buildings will be over a very long period of time, so we view that as an isolated, anomalous issue that’s occurring across all homebuilders in the U.K. The second piece is how the operations of our business are being impacted, and that’s primarily related to the external environment, record cost inflation, we had a number of COVID slowdowns that we’ve talked about over the past numbers of years within Telford specifically, so what we did in Q4 is we evaluated all of our projects, you saw that we impaired a number of assets and we took a $43 million loss in Q4 - for the full year, it was just shy of $50 million, and we believe that that’s contained, that that’s a very good estimate of the value of those assets going forward and that we’re at an inflection point going forward, and we expect under new leadership and with the tailwinds behind U.K. build-to-rent, that that business will continue to grow going forward.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. I’d just wonder, are you seeing any green shoots at all in the U.K. housing market from a demand perspective, or has that not yet started to pick up?
Bob Sulentic: A little bit, Steve. You know, we still have the economic circumstance that we have with high interest rates, with concerns about the economy that’s causing people to not spend the way they would spend normally, so that’s a little bit of downward pressure on the business, but we’re encouraged by what we see in terms of the longer term trend. 
Steve Sakwa: Great, thanks. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Griffin with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. Maybe we can go back to leasing for a second. I’m just curious how your strategy around that might be changing, just given the longer term implications that remote and hybrid work could have on performance and impacting the space. I think, Bob, you’ve talked about expanding in industrial, so maybe just how thoughts around that changed, and if you can remind us what percentage of the leasing revenue comes from the office sector, that’d be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Emma, why don’t you--do you have that number, the percentage of our leasing that comes from office?
Emma Giamartino: It is about--it’s a little over 50%, and that’s come down if you compare that to 2019, for example - it was closer to 70%, so that has steadily come down.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, so Michael, what I’d say is our current assumption is that this downward pressure that we’ve seen on office leasing is going to sustain for the time being. We haven’t seen much change over the last few months in the return to office. We’ve built a plan for the next several years that assumes that that is going to be the case. We assume that there’s going to be a move over time from lesser quality to better quality assets, higher rates, higher rental rates, which will be a positive impact on the business, but definitely going forward we expect more of our income stream in the leasing business to come from industrial relative to office than it has--other than in last year, than it has in the longer term past, and we don’t see that changing. The comments that Emma made about our plan for the next several years, our growth plan, fully incorporate that view.
Michael Griffin: Thanks, that’s helpful. Then just one on geographic performance, it seems like your commentary and expectations around EMEA and APAC are maybe a bit incrementally more positive relative to the Americas. I’m just curious if there’s anything driving those underlying assumptions - is it thoughts about economic growth or potential for a shallower recession there, but anything you can expand on, on performance of those other geographic segments, that’d be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Well first of all, we are now not expecting a recession in Europe, and we expect Europe to trend better than the U.S. in terms of return to the office. Then you go to Asia, and we expect Asia to be almost like it was historically as it relates to return to the office, and we have very strong businesses particularly in Korea, Japan and China relative to what we’ve had historically and relative to our competition. We have a very strong business in Japan and we expect that business--it’s become quite large for us and we expect it to continue to grow.  You have the economic backdrop that’s positive, relatively speaking, and then you have the circumstance related to return to the office that’s positive, relatively speaking, as you move from the U.S. to Europe to Asia, and then you have just the very strong relative business position that we have, particularly in Asia but also our businesses in Europe and the U.K. have gotten much stronger over the past few years on a relative basis, so you see all those things coming through.
Michael Griffin: Great, that’s it for me. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. First question would be if the move-in rates in the last couple of weeks have changed anything in terms of tone from major CBRE clients that you’re hearing.
Bob Sulentic: I don’t think it’s had a major impact, Jade. Everybody is in the--of the mindset that things are going to be uncertain for a while. I don’t think the view as to how the year is going to play out has changed in any significant way. It certainly hasn’t for us. Our view continues to be that we’re going to have a relatively mild recession, that we’re going to be out of it toward the end of the year, early next year, and that the capital markets are going to come back in the back half of the year, and we’ve already walked through what we’re seeing anecdotally. We are definitively seeing positive anecdotal signs. We don’t want to over-rotate in terms of extrapolating too much from those anecdotal signs, but we think we’ll see more of that in the back half of the year.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. When you look at the REI business overall, investment management and development, how much risk of further impairments do you anticipate? Valuation impairments, you mentioned you expect cap rates, for example, to increase another 25 basis points, but could you put some parameters around perhaps how you’re thinking about any risk there?
Emma Giamartino: Jade, I’ll walk through development first and then our investment management business. On the development side, any impairments, and we don’t think there should be significantly more this year, are embedded in our guidance for that segment, and as I noted in my remarks, we’ve already generated $100 million of SOPs in January alone in our development business, so we feel pretty confident in how the development business will pan out for this year. On the investment management side, what we’re expecting is slightly positive net flows for this year, so $5 billion primarily from our listed mandates and then also from infrastructure, and from our opportunistic funds to a lesser extent, and then we’re also embedding a slight decrease in the market value of that AUM which will offset some of those net inflows.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. Just regarding the guidance, how much does capital markets and leasing picking up in the back half of the year drive the guidance? Is that really the main uncertainty in the guidance?
Emma Giamartino: Yes, and it’s primarily capital markets that we’re really expecting to pick up, mostly in Q4. Just to give, Jade, a little context around that, if our sales revenue comes in 5% lower than what we’re expecting, for the full year that would have about a $0.02 EPS impact. Then on the leasing side, we’re not relying on a massive rebound at the end of the year, but obviously we’re guiding towards less of a decline in leasing for the full year. For leasing, if there’s a 5% decline in revenue versus what we’re expecting right now, that would have more like a 3% change to EPS, and on the sales side, I meant 2% change to EPS.
Jade Rahmani: Okay, great. That’s really helpful to have.  On the office side, is the uncertainty there, which seems secular in nature, causing a re-think of, I guess, resource allocation in that space, in that property sector, and any re-think of how that outfit is organized?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have--Jade, we have multiple places that we play in the office sector, so starting with development, we develop it, we manage it, we sell it, we finance it. We’ve sized our business and our capital allocation strategy consistent with the assumptions that we’ve talked about here today, about where that business is going to be. The other place we play in the office sector is in our investment in Industrious. We think Industrious is going to continue to grow at a healthy clip. It’s a really good offering with a really strong leadership team, and we are looking at that to be likely a bigger part of our business going forward. But we expect leasing to be as we described. We don’t expect to do much development, although we’ll do some development on build-to-suits - that will continue to be part of our business, and that’s great business when you can do office build-to-suits with credit tenants, and that’s what we would do. Then over time--there’s all kinds of uncertainty about what’s going to happen in the financing markets, but over time there will be a good amount of financing work in the office space as well. 
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. I was wondering if you could speak to how you’re thinking about free cash flow conversion as a percentage of your core net income in 2023.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, so we expect it to be roughly in line with where we were in 2022, which was about 75% free cash flow conversion. What’s important to note about that is because we’re in somewhat of a--we are in a declining market, there is inconsistency in timing in terms of how we accrue our bonuses and how we pay them out in cash. If you normalize for that timing in 2023, our free cash flow conversion is closer to mid-80s, which is where we want to be long term, so we should expect coming into 2024 that we should hit a more normalized growth environment in that mid-80% free cash flow conversion range.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Got it, thank you. What are you guys seeing right now in terms of talent retention? Given the slowdown in some of the brokerage areas, are brokers more inclined to want to move from place to place, or do you feel like you are able to retain all the key talent that you want to?
Bob Sulentic: This is the kind of environment that generally plays well for CBRE. When times are uncertain, it’s harder to generate commissions on either leases or sales or financing opportunities. Brokers tend to want to go to a platform that’s more likely to support them, so better information, bigger base of clients, better brand, a company that can be well positioned to invest in a downturn because they have a strong balance sheet. We’re going to generate a lot of cash in 2023 and 2024, and the brokers that pay attention, the more sophisticated brokers know that and they know we’ll be able to continue to invest in our business. It helps us retain and it helps us recruit, and Jack Durburg and the advisory team had a big year of recruiting last year and we’re expecting that to play out the same way this year.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great, thank you. Then last one for me, your in-process development projects decreased pretty substantially quarter over quarter, and there was some commentary about, I think, just some reticence given the macro landscape. How are you looking at that as we move into 2023? Could it slide a little bit further in the near term, or would you expect that to start to rebuild?
Emma Giamartino: Our in-process, just to frame what our in-process is, that is projects that have either started construction or we own the land and it is expected to start construction within 12 months. The decline was primarily driven by projects in that latter category that we now believe are going to be more than 12 months off, and so they’ve been moved into the pipeline category. We’ll continue to evaluate our in-process portfolio, but if things move out of in-process at this point, again it’s projects that won’t be starting for more than 12 months, it will not impact 2023. It would have an impact to 2024 and beyond.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Bob Sulentic for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again when we report on our first quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relation and Strategic Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBER's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, CBRE.com. There you will also find a presentation deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks and an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that our presentation contains forward looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's, future growth prospects, including our 2022 outlook, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy, investments and share repurchases, financial performance, foreign exchange impacts, cost management, the business environment, and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on our call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in our presentation deck appendix. I am joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO, and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial and Investment Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Lower core EPS in the third quarter reflected a sharp deterioration in the macro environment, particularly with regard to capital availability for transactions. Nevertheless, core EPS was well above any third quarter in our history except for last year's especially strong result. Even in light of a $0.07 drag in this year's quarter from foreign currency effects, this underscores the resiliency we built into the business. In contrast with last year's strong third quarter, the capital markets environment weakened materially as the quarter progressed. Property sales performed in line with expectations in July and August, however, most debt and equity capital sources moved to the sidelines after Labor Day, causing both sales and loan originations to fall sharply. In addition, as expected and previously communicated, we completed far fewer development asset sales this year than in last year's strong third quarter, mostly driven by the front end loading of asset sales this year. We also delayed selling some assets during the third quarter. As we noted last quarter, when market dislocations cause transaction activity to decline, those transactions are typically paused and returned to the market when the uncertainty passes. We took advantage of the temporary market dislocation to continue repurchasing shares at an elevated clip. In contrast with sales and financing, leasing performed very well. Revenue was up across all property types, led by office. In addition, as we discussed previously, many parts of our business are either cyclically resilient or benefit from secular tailwinds. These businesses, including occupier outsourcing, valuations, property management, loan servicing, investment management and project management, posted solid results for the quarter. We plan to further capitalize on our balance sheet to invest in secularly favored parts of our business that add differentiated capabilities. Over the last 2 years, project management, flex office space, renewable energy and industrial and multifamily assets have been at the forefront of those efforts. Going forward, in addition to those areas, we are particularly focused on both enterprise and local facilities management, investment management and the more cyclically resilient advisory business lines, while also continuing our share repurchase program. As we prepare for a tougher operating environment, Emma will discuss how we have already been identifying cost savings, while aiming to continue investments that will sustain long-term growth. Many economists, including our own, have cautioned that the market outlook is especially difficult to forecast right now because of an unusual confluence of high inflation, coupled with strong consumer spending, resilient employment growth amid a tightening credit cycle and residual pandemic and Ukraine war-related challenges. With this caveat in mind, we have updated our full year core EPS growth expectations to be up mid-single digits compared with 2021. Absent the challenging foreign currency comparisons, we expect our 2022 core EPS growth would achieve low double-digit growth over 2021. While economic downturns are never welcome, they present opportunities to consolidate our position as global occupiers and investors, gravitate to the industry leader. We fully intend to make the most of these opportunities. With that, I'll hand the call to Emma for a deeper commentary on the quarter and our outlook.
Emma Giamartino: Thank you, Bob. As Bob noted, global economic sentiment has deteriorated since our last quarterly update. More specifically, and as you've all been following closely, since we last reported, the 10-year treasury rate has spiked 140 basis points, the S&P 500 has declined by 7% and public rate prices have fallen by 16%. The futures market is now indicating that the Federal Reserve will raise rates more steeply and ease them less quickly, resulting in a harsher and longer downturn than when we last reported. It is worth reiterating that this has all happened in just the last 90 days. This more negative backdrop began to impact our business late in the third quarter, and there will be more impacts in the fourth quarter. CBRE's core EPS fell 19% from the prior year to $1.13. And as Bob noted, the drivers were weakening capital market conditions, the timing of development asset sales and a foreign currency headwind. Our results were, however, supported by the continued growth in the lines of business that, as Bob noted earlier, we see as cyclically resilient or secularly favored. Net revenue from these businesses collectively increased 12% in local currency, excluding the contribution from Turner & Townsend, and 24% in local currency, including Turner & Townsend, $284 million of net revenue in Q3. Finally, our GAAP EPS grew by 7% in the quarter due to a $183 million mark-to-market gain on our investment in Altus Power, which continues to benefit from demand for renewable energy solutions and its synergy with our CBRE businesses. I'll discuss results for each business segment, starting with advisory on Slide 6. Total advisory revenue rose 1% in the quarter or 5% in local currency, though performance diverged across business lines. Capital markets weakness emerged immediately following Labor Day, which historically has been a time of heightened sales activity. The decline was most pronounced in our Americas region, where property sales revenue fell 16% during the quarter. While Americas Capital Markets revenue, which includes sales and debt origination was relatively flat for July and August, September revenue fell by 43%. Outside the Americas, property sales rose 3% or 17% in local currency for the quarter. The decline in US property sales reflects sharply reduced credit availability. Typically, credit spreads have tightened as rates rise. However, higher rates have been accompanied over the past few months by credit spread expansion. Many capital sources have tightened underwriting standards considerably and set pricing at levels that are uneconomical for borrowers. Against this backdrop, our mortgage origination revenue declined by 28% versus last year's Q3, while the value of loans originated fell 34%. Revenue declined less than loan volumes because more financing in the quarter came from the government-sponsored enterprises, which we had expected to occur during periods of market weakness. The decline in credit availability was broad-based, with only regional banks lending more than in last year's Q3. Difficult comparisons further impacted year-over-year growth. Our combined property sales and debt origination businesses grew by 79% in last year's third quarter, driven by a resurgence of activity following the brief 2020 recession. We were encouraged to see our leasing revenue increased 14% or 17% in local currency, driven by large office and industrial transactions in major markets. Globally, leasing revenue increased across all major property types, with office growing mid-teens off a low base and industrial up high single digits. Property management, valuation and loan servicing all proved to be resilient as expected, collectively realizing net revenue growth of 2% or 8% in local currency. Advisory Services segment operating profit declined by 19% or 15% in local currency. Overall, advisory margins on net revenue declined by 4.2 percentage points, including the decline in loan origination-related OMSRs. Slide 7 illustrates the drivers of advisory's lower margin versus prior year. Just over half the decline in Advisory segment, operating profit margin is attributable to higher cost of services. with advisory gross margins declining 2.2 percentage points year-over-year or 1.9%, excluding OMSRs. Approximately 80 basis points of the gross margin decline is due to higher broker commissions. Strong growth in the front half of the year resulted in an outsized number of brokers achieving higher splits earlier than we've seen historically. This will also impact the fourth quarter, albeit to a lesser degree, before the annual recent next year. For context, approximately 1/3 of our U.S. brokers had historically reached higher tranches by the third quarter. For 2022, the percentage of U.S. brokers reaching higher tranches is almost 50%. It is important to note that our average commission expense naturally increases during strong years and declines during soft years. For example, in 2020, only 1/4 of producers had reached a higher tranche by the third quarter. The remainder of the gross margin decline is due to investments to support growth, broker recruitment costs and revenue mix as revenue erosion with steepest in debt originations, our highest margin line of business. Additionally, advisory operating expenses increased by $47 million or 10%, with the majority of the increase due to hiring that occurred in late 2021 or early 2022 as we prepared for a more robust growth environment and higher employee compensation reflecting a tight labor market. While we have and will continue to invest in target areas of growth in our business, we've also undertaken an equally targeted cost-cutting program, which I'll discuss shortly. While we began reducing operating expenditures during the third quarter, which shows the lowest year-over-year growth in OpEx since Q1 2021, only a fraction of our cost-cutting program was implemented during Q3, and thus did not fully reflect the impact of those reductions. We expect our cost programs to result in a single-digit year-over-year decline in Advisory segment OpEx in the fourth quarter. On Slide 8, our GWS segment posted strong net revenue growth of 8% or 13% in local currency, excluding the contribution from Turner & Townsend, and 32% in local currency, including the contribution from Turner & Townsend. Both Facilities Management and Project Management net revenue grew organically by double digits in local currency. We also remain pleased with Turner & Townsend, which is performing in line with expectations. Facilities management growth was supported by significant expansion work on our existing client base, particularly with technology clients. And project management growth was driven by Phase II designs and fit-outs, often tied to our clients' changing use of office space. Our GWS new business pipeline is on pace to end the year above the prior year's fourth quarter, with the opportunities coming from new and existing clients across a range of industries. GWS' segment operating profit margin on net revenue was 11%, excluding the impact of Turner & Townsend, down from an unusually strong third quarter of last year. The 11% margin represents a sequential improvement and was in line with our expectations as margins continue to normalize from COVID-related highs. Turning to our REI segment on Slide 9. Segment operating profit of $59 million represents an $88 million decline from the prior year. You'll remember last quarter, we told you 75% of the REI segment's total operating profit will be realized in the first half of the year due to the cadence of our development asset sales. The segment operating profit decline is predominantly due to this anticipated deal timing. Within REI, Investment Management realized operating profit of $44 million, down 12% from last year. In local currency, the decline was 4%. Beyond FX, prior quarter results were bolstered by an $11 million positive mark-to-market on our $335 million co-investment portfolio versus negligible mark-to-market in the current quarter. The overall decline as continued growth of asset management fees, which increased by 19% in local currency, even though adverse currency movement reduced AUM to $143.9 billion. Our development business realized $17 million of operating profit against $100 million in the prior year, reflecting fewer asset sales during the third quarter. While we expected most of this decline when we provided our last quarterly update, we elected to pause on selling certain assets as we wait for capital market sentiment to improve. And as we noted last quarter, our development business utilizes highly flexible financing, which enables us to monetize assets when market conditions are accommodating and to pause when appropriate. Please turn to Slide 10. While we can't dictate the macroeconomic environment, we can control our costs and how we allocate our capital. We are targeting over $400 million of cost reductions due to management actions. This is in addition to the naturally flexible cost reductions when business declines, such as discretionary bonuses, incentive compensation, profit sharing and commissions. As discussed last quarter, CBRE can ramp up cost reduction activities as market conditions necessitate. Our current cost reduction program is driven by our base economic assumptions, which, as we've discussed, envision a more challenging economy than we communicated last quarter. Approximately $300 million of targeted cost reductions will be permanent in nature, with the vast majority coming from headcount reductions. Beyond headcount reductions, we also anticipate permanent reductions to our cost basis for third-party and occupancy spending. The balance of the savings, approximately $100 million, is more temporary in nature, but we will continue that until market conditions have improved. These cost savings will come from reduced travel and entertainment, promotion and marketing spending and reductions to discretionary compensation plan. And to be clear, the planned reductions to discretionary compensation are above and beyond the natural flexibility of these plans that are already tied to financial performance. Against our $400 million cost target, we have identified $175 million to be completed by the end of the year with a significant majority of the remainder to be completed by the end of Q1 2023. Only a small percentage of the cost reductions taken to date are reflected in Q3 results due to a slight lag between taking action on headcount reductions and having those cost savings reflected in financial results. Given the nature of our cost structure, almost all of the planned reduction will be reflected in our operating expenditures, although we do anticipate achieving targeted reductions to some of the more fixed costs within our cost of services. While we are adjusting our costs, you can expect us to invest more aggressively utilizing our balance sheet during market weakness. In the third quarter, CBRE repurchased 5.1 million shares for $408 million, bringing our share repurchases through Q3 to nearly $1.4 billion. We expect share repurchases to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter, ranging between $500 million and $700 million. We also continue to remain an increasingly robust pipeline of M&A opportunities. Current market conditions are increasing the likelihood that we'll be able to act on them. For now though, buybacks remain the best use of capital, but that may change as we get into next year. Please turn to Slide 11. As we've discussed today, the broader economic outlook has worsened since our last update, necessitating that we revised our expectations for full year performance. As Bob indicated, we now expect full year core EPS growth to be up by mid-single digits compared with 2021. Our guidance most notably assumes that the capital markets remain under pressure. We expect leasing to remain more resilient than property sales, albeit with more muted growth than we saw in the third quarter. Due to the headwinds in our transactional businesses, we expect full year Advisory segment operating profit to decline by mid- to high single digits, with FX driving 3 to 4 percentage points of the decline. We expect our GWS segment will achieve low to mid-20% segment operating profit growth for the full year, fueled by continued strength in the fourth quarter. Absent foreign currency headwinds, we project segment operating profit growth for the full year in GWS would be 7 percentage points higher. Within our REI segment, we believe we have realized approximately 90% of our full year segment operating profit, largely due to the expectation of a few development asset sales in the fourth quarter. As noted previously, our outlook has been negatively impacted by the continued strength in the U.S. dollar. At midyear, we forecasted a $100 million full year negative impact to core EBITDA from FX. We've now raised the expected FX drag to $125 million for the full year, with $50 million hitting in Q4. Absent FX, we anticipate that core EPS growth would have been in the low double digits for the full year. We remind investors that it is difficult to forecast macro conditions and certain components of our business, notably capital markets, the timing of development sales and to a lesser extent, leasing are subject to fluctuations in overall economic sentiment. In closing, while near-term headwinds are intensifying, we remain as energized as ever about our long-term prospects and are committed to using our scale, balance sheet and cash flow to accelerate long-term growth and value creation. With that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is coming from Chandni Luthra of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chandni Luthra: So I understand that it's too early for 2023 outlook at this point. But if you could please perhaps give us some parameters to frame 2023. Like what would you need to see engines in capital markets to get restarted? Is there a way to frame capital market activity in terms of first half versus second half? Like when do you think the outlook really starts to get better?
Emma Giamartino: Chandni, it's something that we're very focused on. And we're working through our budgets right now to really determine what we're expecting in 2023. But from a macro level, if you look back to what we said 90 days ago, we view that we would be in a mild recession and that it would raise would peak in Q1 of 2023, and they would start to alleviate through 2023. Our position now is that things have materially changed. We've seen that impacting our capital markets business directly. We are getting hit harder and faster than we were expecting 90 days ago, and we're expecting the recession to impact our business for longer than we did 90 days ago. And so looking to next year, we do expect the capital markets to come back likely in the second half of the year, but that return is going to be more muted than what we initially expected when we talked to you in Q2.
Chandni Luthra: That's actually helpful color. Switching gears to margins a little bit. So 13% margins in the quarter, down 450 bps. It's better than 3Q '19, but then, of course, the worst is still ahead of us. So help us frame margins in the context of 2019. Given that the macro is about to get much tougher and what you framed in your answer just recently, how should we think about margins in the context of 2019? Is there a scenario do you think we go all the way? Or do you think there is some recourse in the cost-cutting plans that you laid out?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And Sandy, I'm going to talk about advisory specifically because that's the most relevant piece, I think, what you're speaking to. And hopefully, it's clear what happened in Q3, but I just want to go through that. In Q3, and we have this on Slide 7 as you all saw, I think it's always important to look at our advisory margin, excluding OMSRs. That was 30 basis points of the decline that OMSRs are peer margin. So when they grow, they're adding margin and when they decline, 100% of that margin comes out. The second is we are in -- because of the phenomenal first half of the year we had and the exceptional growth we delivered, our producers entered higher tranches much earlier than they ever have before. So that was 80 basis points of the margin decline. And those tranches reset at the end of the year. So we don't expect that to be a headwind in 2023. And then the 2 remaining pieces are producer recruiting, where we are investing in our future growth in the first half, we delivered again, exceptional growth, and we were investing in our costs to support that growth going forward. And then on the operating expense side, again, we also were investing in new hires. We under-invested in 2021, simply because revenue accelerated faster than we can pick up our investments. And then we also increased -- we had wage inflation just as every other company had. So going forward, what we're seeing looking into Q4, we should expect that operating expense growth continue to come down. If you look at the first half of the year, our operating expense in advisory was up about -- over 19%. In Q3, our operating expenses came down to 10% growth year-over-year. And in Q4, that should -- our operating expense should decline year-over-year, and this is within advisory. And that's -- there's 2 components to how those costs are coming out. One is our discretionary cost levers that we can pull, going back on travel and entertainment, continuing to pull back on new hires. Pulling back on new hires takes longer for that to come into our cost savings, and then our discretionary bonuses. You'll also see some impact from our $400 million cost savings program, but that's going to be a meaningful lag there. Most of those savings, you'll see in 2023, and that's because we take action on reducing headcount. And there is a lag in terms of when those costs come out of the system. So net, where we expect to end the year in advisory, we expect our margin to be over 19% within advisory. Excluding OMSRs, our margin should be over 18%. And that's an important number because that is a record margin, excluding 2021, when our margins were inflated because our costs had not caught up to our revenue growth.
Operator: The next question is coming from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Emma, maybe just sticking on this margin discussion in advisory. So if I'm understanding this right, if -- on the Page 7, that 190 basis point drag in the third quarter from OpEx, that actually flips and becomes a little bit of a benefit in 4Q. And so if I'm kind of understanding and putting some narrative around this, is it just that come 4Q, you lose some of the drags on the cost side and the margin side, but you're more impacted by maybe the drawdown on the revenue side?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And so in Q4, across advisory, we're expecting net revenue year-over-year to decline roughly 20%. And so -- but we're also expecting margin expansion because of the cost. So you're right.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Got it. And then just within advisory in the quarter, just kind of understand mortgage originations and loan servicing a bit better. I just -- I would thought mortgage originations would be a little bit more insulated because people going to have to refinance and do things, whereas investment sales, they maybe don't have to sell the asset, but that didn't seem to be the case. Like any thoughts on just maybe why that was or if that like reverts?
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Tony, that is just a function of the fact that we had 2 things go on, rates went up and spreads went up. Typically, when you see rates go up the way they did, spreads will come down a little, but both of them went up. And people just avoided refinancing because it was so expensive. It's that simple. We had -- and we had that circumstance play out in a way that was beyond what we would have expected. Now here's what I'll say about that. It's going to -- we think in the fourth quarter that you will see financing perform better than new sales. People are just not going to come back and trade assets until interest rates go down and until they think they can get the pricing they want, which will happen after -- in our view, after the Fed starts to go the other direction with interest rates, which we -- which, as Emma said in her prepared remarks, we think may happen later next year. But that's really what you saw happen in Q3 and especially what you saw happen in September.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Got it. And then just last one for me on the leasing side. You pointed out offices having been pretty strong. It's also a fairly cyclical property type. Like how much more runway do you think is left there to get back to normal when you kind of net that against maybe perhaps activity slowing because of the more macroeconomic factors?
Robert Sulentic: Tony, when you say how much runway is it until that gets back to normal? Give a little more on that. I want to make sure I understand what you're asking there.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, sure. I was under the impression like office maybe looked particularly good because you were still having some of the post-COVID recovery in just decision-making, but maybe that's off.
Robert Sulentic: No, no. What's going on is, in fact, that there was -- and we talked about this last quarter, there were abundance of renewals in the marketplace to be done. We'll see that continue this year and into next year. But what we also expect to see now is some downward pressure as we go into a recession. There's always downward pressure on leasing in a recession because people are looking around trying to find ways to defer costs, save money. And so what they -- you have this dynamic that goes on, where they extend for a short period of time, et cetera. So we expect to see some of that come in and leasing to be more flattish in the fourth quarter, but we still expect some of the benefit from the built-up number of renewals that need to be dealt with to occur in the fourth quarter and into next year.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So it sounds like maybe it's a net kind of flattish number between sort of the renewals getting cleared and the headwind from the macro?
Robert Sulentic: That's what we think. And maybe a little down, but that's how we think it's going to play out.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And Tony, for Q4 specifically, we're expecting leasing to be flat.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Just a couple. Emma, just on that last point, you said Q4 leasing to be flat in office. Is that -- I just want to be clear, is that year-over-year?
Emma Giamartino: To be clear, that's flat globally across all product types, and that's year-over-year.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. I was wondering if you could just provide any comments on the industrial sales market. I know that's an area that you guys have been fairly active in. It's obviously been one of the more favored asset types within REIT land, but we have seen a pullback in that leasing market as well. So I'm just curious if you have any comments on kind of industrial cap rates and the appetite today?
Robert Sulentic: Industrial cap rates like all cap rates have gone up. Industrial fundamentals have remained very strong. They backed off a little bit. We've seen a little bit of downward pressure on rental rates in some areas. We've seen slightly more vacancy, although the fundamentals are very, very strong. The markets held up very well. In the major markets, very little vacancy, strong demand still. So that has created a circumstance where there are buyers for the assets and there are owners of assets and developers, investors and developers that want to sell, but they're just not going to sell in the current environment because cap rates have ticked up and finance is expensive. And in our own portfolio as a developer, we've made the choice to defer sales for some of our assets -- some of our industrial assets. And I think what happened is we've already commented -- or what will happen, as we've already commented. When that circumstance eases, and we think that likely will be the second half of next year, those assets in the pipeline will get sold. Pipelines are very strong. The pipeline of assets that sellers want to sell and buyers want to buy are strong. And we think, starting in the second half of next year, you'll see all of that free up to a degree and start -- that market activity start to happen.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Just I guess one more question. If you could provide any comments around sort of the industrious and office kind of leasing business that you guys have. And I'm just curious what uptake you've seen in that business and just kind of the short-term office leasing business?
Robert Sulentic: Well, office leasing and Industrious, they share some dynamics but they're different. Industrious provides a capability in the marketplace that's unique. You can get in and out quickly. You can get in and out without capital expenditure. You can adjust the amount of space you have very quickly. You can go into places that you don't intend to be long term. And with all the uncertainty around the use of office space and where it's going to go, Industrious' business has done quite well, and we believe it will continue to do quite well. And we're very excited about that investment and the performance of that investment. We've already commented today on office space. There is what you're seeing in leasing on office space is a pent-up amount of renewal activity and uncertainty about the -- about what's going to happen long term with offices. There's also a big bifurcation in how different parts of the office market are performing with the best buildings. The premier building is doing quite well with rents up and the less quality, less favored buildings suffering much more.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Sorry, Bob, my question wasn't clear. I wasn't trying to follow up on Tony's question. I was really asking specifically about the trends in Industrious just what maybe market share you're seeing the WeWorks, the Regis, the Industrious is taking in the industrial -- I'm sorry, in the office leasing business against kind of traditional office leasing?
Robert Sulentic: Yes. And that was my comment. That's where I started with Industrious. The trends that Industrious is seeing in the marketplace are very positive. We would characterize it as a record level of interest in that type of space. And it's been subjected to some different dynamics than regular office space. It creates flexibility. It creates the opportunity to get in and out of office space without capital expenditure. It creates the opportunity to get into a smaller amount of space and more convenient locations that you may not want to commit to long term. And as a result, it's doing extremely well.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jade rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: What are you seeing in the GSE multifamily lending business? Historically, they've been countercyclical providers of capital. They don't price to a securitization exit, at least private label. And so their spreads may not be as wide. And they do have ample capacity on the FHFA governed lending caps. Are you seeing them step up in this point in time?
Emma Giamartino: Jade, we are seeing the GSEs pick up in this past quarter. They contributed a larger portion of our volumes than they did in the prior quarter. So picked up from 20% of our volume to 25% in the quarter. So they are offsetting some of the declines from private lenders, but the entire market is down. And so even though they are picking up, it's not as material as you might expect.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of REI's prospects, how sensitive is the outlook to where interest rates are? Meaning if projects weren't stabilized, need to finance at a mortgage that's in the [indiscernible], is that going to inhibit sales out of that segment for potentially a longer-than-expected period?
Emma Giamartino: Think through the remainder of this year.
Jade Rahmani: Say for next year. I mean the timing of the outlook isn't that important, but I'm more concerned about if mortgage rates were stickier at, say, something in the 6% range, would that really inhibit a lot of those projects that are waiting to be sold. Would that inhibit the ability to sell those?
Emma Giamartino: So the way we think about development and we've provided a range of conversion and that we picked our in-process portfolio, which is currently over $19 billion. And typically, that converts to SOP in the range of 1% to 2% in any given 12-month period. Going into a recession, and this is what we said last quarter going into '23, we'd expect that in a mild recession, we should get to the bottom end of that range, into the 1% range. And that's driven by 2 pieces. One, cap rate expansion so that we're monetizing the assets of a lower return, but also the ability for us to choose, to wait, to sell the assets until the environment improves. We have a really strong balance sheet. We have a really flexible thing. So that allows us to make the decision that we don't want to monetize in a challenging environment, and we don't want to wait to sell. And so it will be at the low end of the 1%. And then if the environment is very challenging, it could dip slightly below that 1%. But that's -- but I want to remind everyone that, that doesn't mean those asset sales and monetizations are going away. So it should then appear in 2024 or whenever as the market recovers.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, I'm going to add to that. That's true of our portfolio, and that's true of everybody else's portfolio in general, those asset sales will happen eventually. The assets are there. They're ready to be moved from one party to another. But the parties aren't going to do that until they feel like they're confident in the fairness of the pricing on the sell side and the buy side and the availability of financing that works.
Jade Rahmani: Just more broadly speaking, on Investment Management. I mean, as long as I've covered this space, the theory has been institutionalization, increased allocations to real estate from LPs, sovereign wealth funds, et cetera. And for the first time, we're starting to hear chatter that's in the opposite direction that there's an over allocation because of the decline in equity markets and fixed income and then LPs are getting nervous about allocating to CRE. Has anything really changed on that long-term secular trend in your view?
Robert Sulentic: Not on the long term sense. Nothing at all has changed in that regard. In the short term, you're describing the denominator effect, which we haven't seen it for a long time, but we have seen it before. And it will -- I think we will revert back to the trends we saw previously over the last decade. We're quite confident that will be the case. That's what we're very actively engaged with capital sources around the world, and that's where their head is at. But we do have this short-term circumstance that's precipitated by the debt markets and also the denominate effect, and that's really what we're seeing here and hearing about.
Operator: The next question is coming from Stephen Sheldon of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Stephen Sheldon: First, I wanted to dig in more on the GWS new business pipeline. I think you said it increased significantly in the third quarter. Is there anything specific, I guess, driving that? And as macro uncertainty having any impact there in terms of the lane decision-making, or could it actually be creating more urgency to outsource to vendors like CBRE in this type of environment, but just love some more detail on what you're seeing there?
Robert Sulentic: Stephen, there's a number of factors at play there. Whenever you go into periods of financial stress, companies everywhere look for opportunities to save cost. Our outsourcing offering helps them save cost. It's demonstrably able to do that. And so that's helping that capability sell in the marketplace right now. The other thing in times of economic uncertainty is sometimes decision-making is slower. And so while we have this large pipeline, you may see some slower decision-making. The third thing that's going on is we are continually adding to our capability in that area. Our procurement capability is getting better. The data that we can provide clients to help them make decisions is getting much better. We have a product called Vantage Analytics that they like a lot that helps them make decisions that causes them to be attracted to us. Our ability to connect our offering around the world and serve them in a way that's consistent is getting better. So that is all playing to our favor. And that's some of what you've seen come through this year and the buildup of the pipeline and the landing of new business, but the cost factor is always at the top of the list when we dig into that business and figure out what clients really want.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That's really helpful. And then the follow-up, I guess, just wanted to ask as we kind of think about FX headwinds. I think you report your currency exposures and the SEC filings to revenue, but just curious if your expenses would also -- your expense exposure would also closely correlate to that? Or would you call out anything there where there's a material mismatch?
Emma Giamartino: It's generally aligned. Our cost is being impacted in a very similar way to our revenue.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: After the global financial crisis, it took, I think, probably 7 or 8 years for industry sales activity to rebound at peak levels. And then after the pandemic, it obviously just took one year. Given kind of what you're seeing in the macro right now, how are you thinking about the pace of recovery of the sales outlook and whether we're seeing deals just delayed or whether deals get canceled?
Robert Sulentic: Well, Patrick, one thing that's interesting is how long it's been now since the financial crisis. The cycles that we had previous to that were shorter. And so that kind of impacts people's thinking -- the other thing that impacts people thinking is they forget how deep the financial crisis was and how unusual it was compared to other downturns. But I can tell you what we're seeing now, and we've used this term multiple times on this call pipeline. There is a definitive, identifiable pipeline of projects across property types that want to be sold by the owners. And there is a lot of capital out there that wants to buy and neither of them think this is the right time to transact. That's what you're really seeing. We believe that when interest rates start to go the other direction, when the Fed reverses course because they think that the economy has gotten to a point where continued upward pressure on interest rates goes from being a problem-solving circumstance to a problem creating circumstance that we will see that pipeline start to transact, and it will recover. We can't give an exact number of years, but it will recover considerably more rapidly than it did coming out of the financial crisis.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great. That's helpful. And then as to your expense reductions, obviously, you guys took some expense actions during the pandemic. How much more room do you have to cut before you get into the muscle and maybe you start potentially losing market share?
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Well, Emma commented on the $400 million number. That's the number we believe we can cut without impacting our ability to grow the business and serve our clients in the future. So a lot of work went into -- from the grassroots level up and from top down to identify that $400 million number. And I want to stress again something Emma said, we have a massive amount of our cost basis that flexes automatically when revenues go down, commissions, profit sharing and development and investment management, incentive equity, bonuses, all of that is completely independent of this $400 million, $300 million of which we think will be permanent and $100 million of which we think will come back when things get better. And we don't think that, that $400 million will create problems for our business at all.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up coming from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: A question investors often ask is where our commercial or let's just say, capital markets overall versus some prior periods, say, 2018, 2017? But I know that you all are constantly hiring producers. So could you give any sense for what the growth rate in number of producer headcount have been on the brokerage side relative to some past period so that we could adjust for that? And also, I think even if commercial real estate prices decline, the absolute nominal dollar of commercial real estate value is probably significantly higher than it was in 2017. So hard to compare next year versus 2017. But any color on that would probably be helpful.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Jade, we'll give a conceptual answer to that. We don't have specific numbers on brokers, but we have had a strong year for brokerage recruiting and it was intentional because we believe that the opportunity to grow that business in the long term is there, and we believe it was the right time to get into the market and bring some new brokers on. So relative to history, it would stack up well relative to our good brokerage recruiting years in the past, but we don't have specific numbers for you on that.
Operator: This brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Sulentic for closing comments.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for being with us, and we look forward to talking to you again when we report our year-end results.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in CBRE. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines and log off the webcast and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to CBRE's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Brad Burke. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that our presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's future growth prospects, including our 2022 outlook, core EPS growth and long-term positioning, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy and share repurchases, financial performance, including leverage, profitability and cost management, the business environment, the performance of acquisitions and other transactions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. I'm joined on today's call by Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial and Investment Officer. Now please turn to Slide 5 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. CBRE had an outstanding second quarter with strength across our global businesses. All 3 business segments posted double-digit revenue and segment operating profit growth despite the significant currency headwinds that affected all U.S.-based global companies. Core EPS was the highest for any quarter in CBRE's history, up 37% and from last year's second quarter, and even slightly higher than last year's record fourth quarter. These results reflect the benefits of the diversification strategy we've described in detail on previous calls and an economic backdrop that was still generally supportive despite heightened macro concerns. Highlights for the quarter include a record level of new occupier outsourcing contracts; strong growth in project management, aided by Turner & Townsend, strong growth in leasing; and record real estate development profits. We ended the quarter with excellent new business pipelines across numerous lines of business, which Emma will review. We also repurchased more than $600 million worth of our own shares, the most ever in any quarter, bringing year-to-date share repurchases through July to nearly $1.1 billion. Given the uncertain macroeconomic environment, Emma's remarks will take a different approach this quarter. She will first discuss the long-term positioning of our business before she covers the quarter's results and our outlook for the second half. As we look ahead to full year performance, we are increasing our expectation of core EPS growth to the high teens from our earlier expectation of mid- to high teens. This reflects both our robust first half and several other compelling factors. First, a larger portion of our revenue and profits is generated from businesses that have performed particularly well through downturns. Second, our cost structure is inherently variable. And as we've demonstrated during COVID, we've become increasingly adept at proactively cutting discretionary costs while continuing to thoughtfully invest in growth. Third, our balance sheet lets us aggressively deploy capital during down cycles through M&A, opportunistic investments in our REI businesses and continued share repurchases. Finally, macro uncertainty creates right conditions for market share gains. Occupiers and investors rely even more heavily on the insight, advice and global execution that CBRE is best positioned to deliver. Emma will now discuss all of this in greater detail. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thank you, Bob. Before I go through this quarter's results, I want to touch on what we've seen in the market since we last spoke in May, what it means for our business and why we remain confident in our outlook. Over the past 3 months, and as I'm sure you're all following closely, rates on the 10-year treasury rose as high as 3.5% before settling down to 2.8%. The uncertainty over how central banks might respond to inflation creates uneasiness in the market, more so in the public market, but also in the private commercial real estate market. Against that backdrop and what it means for CBRE, it's best to think about our business in 2 parts. The first part includes business lines that grow consistently throughout an economic cycle and have low sensitivity to market uncertainty. This includes our outsourcing business, GWS and as well as valuation, property management, loan servicing and significant components of our Investment Management and Development businesses. Our GWS business can directly benefit from economic uncertainty as occupiers outsource their real estate management to CBRE to reduce their costs. These businesses have become significantly more important to CBRE's overall financial performance. The second part of CBRE's business is more transactional in nature, capital markets, leasing and parts of our development and investment management businesses. These are sensitive to market uncertainty in the short term. But short term is not the right time frame to measure the resiliency of this part of our business. Slide 6 illustrates my point. COVID-19 created enormous market uncertainty during 2020, much more so than we're seeing today. And as a result, the transactional parts of our business saw total net revenue declined by 26% for the 12 months through the first quarter of 2021 versus the prior 12-month period. What's important and what I think is underappreciated is that these transactions didn't disappear, they paused. When market uncertainty lifted, these transactions came back, resulting in a powerful recovery. The net revenue growth of these businesses outpaced the S&P 500 over the period starting pre-COVID through the recovery of the following year. When our management team thinks about market uneasiness and what it means for CBRE, we focus on things we can control, first, costs; and second, capital deployment. One of the biggest drivers of CBRE's financial resiliency that we believe is underappreciated is the overall flexibility of our cost structure, which Slide 7 summarizes. Just over 40% of our cost structure is passed through to clients. These costs are tied one-to-one with revenue, which is why we exclude them when discussing net revenue. Another 44% is attributable to cost of revenue. These costs are variable. For example, during COVID in 2020, we saw net revenue in our advisory segment declined by 16.5%, while our cost of revenue decreased 16.7%. The remaining cost is OpEx. Of this, about 1/3 can be reduced at a rate faster than revenue declines. These costs include travel, business promotion and compensation tied to financial performance. The remaining 2/3 of OpEx is more difficult to move in the very short term, but reductions are certainly possible over a 1- to 2-year time frame. In summary, nearly 90% of CBRE's total cost are either directly tied to revenue or a highly flexible in nature. CBRE has had a track record of moving aggressively, with targeted cost reductions when market conditions soften. We have invested in leadership, processes and systems to enable these reductions, and we now consider it a core competency. Today, we are already taking steps to limit new hires, eliminate nonclient-related travel and entertainment and reduce other discretionary expenditures. And we are prepared to go further if we decide more reductions are needed. While achieving these cost efficiencies we will continue to make very targeted organic investments into areas where we expect a high return. We will also be investing our balance sheet. On Slide 8, you'll see that CBRE repurchased $1 billion of shares through the second quarter. Since the end of the second quarter, we have purchased another $77 million. We believe this represents the highest and best use of capital for our shareholders in the current environment. We would not be able to purchase a company near the quality of CBRE at the valuation we currently see for our shares. As a result, while we continue to build an M&A pipeline, share repurchases are likely to represent the most significant use of our capital for the balance of the year. We will be able to make these investments while maintaining CBRE's strong balance sheet, which ended Q2 with 0.2x net leverage and $4.2 billion of liquidity. Before tying all of this together with our qualitative outlook for the full year, let's first discuss second quarter performance for our 3 business segments and what we're seeing in each segment's business pipeline. Slide 10 summarizes results in our Advisory segment, which were driven by a 17% increase in property sales revenue and a 40% increase in leasing revenue. Performance is strongest in the Americas, due to improved market fundamentals, with sales and leasing increasing 26% and 56%, respectively. Outside of the Americas, sales revenue was flat and leasing rose by 5%, as FX reduced growth by 10 percentage points for each. Both U.S. leasing and sales grew in every month of the second quarter, though we did see some deceleration in June. Preliminary results for July show U.S. leasing and sales revenue, together, essentially flat, with a strong level of activity seen in July 2021. Our commercial mortgage origination revenue slipped 1% during the quarter. The government-sponsored enterprises, which are an important part of this business, continue to lose market share in the second quarter against strong competition from private lenders. The GSEs act as a moderating force in the multifamily lending market, and it's reasonable to expect our debt business to underperform property sales when the market is strong. The flip side is that our debt business should outperform property sales if the market is soft for the balance of the year. This is similar to the dynamic we saw in 2020. Our Advisory SOP margin and net revenue declined by 1.5 percentage points versus the record second quarter margin of last year. Approximately 1/3 of this decline can be attributed to lower OMSRs, $35 million this quarter, versus $42 million in Q2 last year. The remainder of the margin decline is mostly attributable to more brokers hitting higher commission payout thresholds, driven by the strong revenue growth. Our pipelines give us visibility into our transactional businesses over the next few months. The sales pipeline is up slightly versus last year's record Q3, though transactions are taking longer to close and debt markets have become less accommodating due to market uncertainty. Our updated guidance anticipates a lower level of sales activity in the back half of the year compared against second half 2021 record levels. Our leasing pipeline is essentially flat with the very strong pipeline we had at this time last year. We continue to see healthy activity across property types, with office being an outperformer. Office is growing from pent-up demand against the relatively low base of activity and higher-than-normal lease expirations. And we're expecting more leases to expire over the next 18 months than in any 18-month period over the last five years. Turning to Slide 11, within our GWS business. Total net revenue growth of 27% and SOP growth of 28% was aided by continued strong performance from Turner & Townsend. Excluding the contribution from Turner & Townsend, GWS net revenue increased by 8% or 12% in local currency, and SOP rose by 5% or 10% in local currency. Turner & Townsend performance reflects continued growth from their prior year results, in line with our expectations. Both facilities management and project management net revenue grew by double digits in local currency during the quarter. Growth was broad-based by client type and supported by a mix of new wins and expansions. GWS achieved a record high $1 billion of deal closing in the quarter. As a result of these wins, the pipeline fell sequentially, but is expected to end in 2022 with a meaningfully larger pipeline than year-end 2021. CBRE's competitive differentiation with the occupier outsourcing market has never been stronger. Slide 12 summarizes results in our REI segment, which performed very well in Q2. Development was a big catalyst, with SOP growth of $96 million versus last year's Q2, as we monetized several large assets and land parcels. We've benefited from investor preference for the types of properties we build, high-quality, build-to-core, typically well-leased assets in markets with good supply-demand fundamentals. Investment Management contributed $58 million of SOP, up $13 million over last year's Q2. AUM hit another record, up slightly versus Q1 despite over $4 billion of FX headwinds. Looking forward for investment management with more than 90% of our AUM in core or core plus strategies, we expect healthy performance to continue despite market uncertainty. Looking forward for our development business, over 3/4 of our in-process activity is industrial, multifamily or life sciences products, and we expect continued outperformance over time amid of flight to quality trend. Cap rate expansion is a headwind. Market-wide, cap rates have moved out by about 50 to 75 basis points on average. Against this backdrop, development activity may be delayed during periods of uncertainty, but we will monetize our developments, which are highly sought after in their respective markets and are favorably financed, giving CBRE and our capital partners the flexibility to time the market for sales. Our in-process portfolio, totaling $19.3 billion, provides visibility into future development profits. As we've noted before, we expect 1% to 2% of our end process portfolio to convert to SOP over a 12-month period. A modest recession could cause SOP to fall to the low end of that range, and a softer market creates opportunities to secure land sites that drive future profits. Slide 13 summarizes our outlook. Within Advisory, we expect investment sales and, to a lesser degree, leasing to decline in the back half of the year against the very strong 2021. We continue to expect leasing and property sales growth for full year 2022, supported by the strong first half. In GWS, our record wins in Q2 should help to drive over 20% SOP growth for the back half of the year, supported by 10% organic growth in local currency and Turner & Townsend continued strong contributions. In REI, we've already realized around 3/4 of the SOP we expect for the full year, including over 80% of our expected development SOP. So even in a more challenging macro environment, full year development profit will well exceed our initial expectations. In summary, and as Bob noted earlier, we now expect CBRE to achieve total core EPS growth in the high teens for the full year. Our core EPS guidance takes into account both the impact of FX and the lower share count. Absent the impact of FX, both realized year-to-date and expected, our core EPS growth expectations would be 4% to 5% higher. With that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: My first question relates to how you're thinking about the second half of the year, and you discussed sales and leasing being down. But I was wondering if you can give us some sense as to how you think about the effect of a potential recession on those revenues and what you think of as kind of base cases, in your mind, as to what drawdowns could look like?
Emma Giamartino: Absolutely. So I think what's important to note is when we're looking at the second half of the year, our baseline does assume that we enter into a recession in Q4, and we have somewhat of a slowdown in Q3. So our baseline for the next year is that we'll be in a mild recession. Inflation will start to moderate towards the second half of the year and interest rates will peak early next year and will rebound in the second half of 2023. So that's our baseline. Of course, there's upside from there. If we're wrong about what's going to play out in -- with the mild recession and the recession is not as significant as we're expecting, and then there's downside if the recession is more severe. But our guidance, as Bob and I both mentioned, is to high-teens core EPS growth for the full year. Without the impact of FX, that's in the low 20% EPS growth for the full year, which I think is a really positive outcome for our business. Across the three segments, what we're expecting is within Advisory, with the impact of sales and leasing, SOP should be down on a local currency basis in the mid-single digits. GWS, on a local currency basis for the second half of the year, will grow 25% and have a really strong second half. And then as we talked about with REI, we've monetized over 75% of our profits in the first half of the year. So we feel very confident about what's going to happen in the second half.
Anthony Paolone: Got it. And then on the buyback, you have free cash flow, but you're also below target leverage that you laid out. So I mean, when you think about continuing to do the buyback, is it about utilizing free cash flow? Or would you also be willing to move up closer to your target leverage?
Emma Giamartino: So our capital deployment strategy is unchanged. We continue to seek to reach our target of a turn of leverage, and we'll go up to a turn of leverage when we see an opportunity to continue with our buybacks at an attractive price. We are always prioritizing M&A, but right now, what we're seeing is that there's still a large bid-ask spread in terms of valuations. So we're building our M&A pipeline, as I mentioned in my remarks. And over the next year, especially if a recession continues, we expect to see opportunity as an M&A arise. And so we're balancing what we see in M&A with buybacks. And what you can expect for the balance of this year is that we'll continue to aggressively deploy our capital towards buybacks as long as our price remains attractive. And in a base case, I think a safe assumption is that we will do another $0.5 billion of buybacks in the second half of the year, but it could easily exceed that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just if I could sneak one last one in here. On GWS, when you noted the $1 billion of contracts that you signed up in the quarter. Should we think about that as just take a 10%-ish margin and this basically adds $100 million of SOP to GWS? Or I mean, is that how we should think about it?
Emma Giamartino: So those contracts are primarily in our enterprise FM business. We don't disclose what the margin is on those contracts just for competitive reasons. But I think it's safe to assume that those will come in, in the latter half of the year. Those -- a lot of those contracts have not yet been onboarded since they just closed in this quarter, so there will be a positive impact in the back half of the year. But I think you can use our guidance around SOP growth to help you with what the margins on that business will be.
Operator: Our next question is from Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Chandni Luthra: So I'd like to talk about advisory sales. We heard from public REITs across asset classes last week that asset values have come in anywhere from 5% to 15%, 20%, and yet we've seen investors basically just undertake more price discovery and continue to sit on the sidelines. So how much more do prices need to come down for transactions to pick base again? And what else is needed to get that clarity around transactions?
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Chandni, it's not so much pricing as it is more certainty around where the economy is going to head, and also debt rates, what's going on with inflation and debt rates sorting out, I don't think most of the people going to the sidelines is being driven by the fact that they think asset prices are too expensive. The bottom line is in the 2 asset classes that are most attractive and most -- being most actively traded, industrial and multifamily, fundamentals are very strong. Rental rates are going up and the values are there as long as there's some clarity around where the economy is headed and where interest rates are headed.
Chandni Luthra: Got it. And switching gears to office lease -- office leasing for a second. So you talked about basically a record number of leases coming due in the next 12 to 18 months. But then how do we juxtapose that with the reality of a tougher economic outlook ahead, in which corporates might think about downsizing their office requirements? And how do you think about that balance? And what sort of -- what gives you confidence around office leasing as we move forward from here?
Robert Sulentic: Well, we baked into our thinking for the balance of this year and for next year and beyond, the notion that corporates are, in general, going to consolidate to a degree their use of office space. There's some good news and bad news for us in that. If there's less office space leased, we'll lease less office space ourselves on behalf of our clients, but we'll also do more project management work. The fact of the matter is though almost all corporates are going to take a significant amount of space. And there is a large backlog of renewals that need to be dealt with, and they are -- those renewals are going to get executed or they're going to move into new buildings. And so it's a factor of that huge volume of renewals coming even if the space they take is somewhat smaller than it was before that gives us confidence to talk about the numbers the way we did.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: I just want to be very clear, Emma in -- I guess, on leasing and sales. It's pretty clear that I think sales activity is going to be negative on a year-over-year basis in the second half. I'm just trying to figure out, are you saying that you think leasing will also be negative? Or -- I'm just trying to read the wording. Are you saying, combined, those 2 are negative and leasing might be slightly positive, but sales is definitely negative?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. I can give you more color on that. So on the sales front, we're expecting -- and this is all in local currency, that we expect that in the second half to be down around 10%. And most of that decline, based on what we're seeing in our pipelines, we're expecting that to weigh -- the declines to weigh heavily in Q4. We have decent visibility into Q3, and so that should be flat to up. And then on the leasing side, we expect to decline but to a much lesser extent. So that should be in the low single-digit decline range in the second half of the year on a local currency basis, which I think is a big deal and very positive. And again, with leasing the same cadence we're expecting in Q3 and Q4. Based on our pipeline, Q3 should be flattish and Q4 is where you'll see the bulk of those declines.
Steve Sakwa: Great. That's helpful. And then I just wanted to circle back maybe on the development profits. It obviously it sounds like you've got a lot of the full year in the bag, so to speak, given what you've done for 6 months. But maybe just talk about kind of the movement in cap rates and kind of the spread from where you were building to kind of where you're selling and just sort of the risks around that, maybe into the back half of the year and maybe as you think into next year?
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Steve, the cap rates have moved, as we noted, 50 to 100 basis points, but they haven't moved any more rapidly than rents have moved. Rents have moved up significantly for both. Again, I'm going to tilt my comments toward industrial and multifamily, rents have moved up mid teams in multifamily and mid- to upper single digits in industrial, and that's allowed us to deal with the movement in cap rates and allowed us to deal with the movement in costs and protect our profitability. As things go forward, one of the very, very positive circumstances about our development business is that it's very high quality, very well-located, build-to-core product that's financed patiently with great external capital partners and we can decide when to harvest those projects within any rational time frame, such that we can optimize across the -- where rents are, where cap rates are, etcetera. So as Emma said in her prepared remarks, those assets that we have, that $19 billion of in-process development, will harvest. And it will harvest at a time that's relatively opportune because of the flexibility we have and the way we've capitalized those assets.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. I guess just a follow-up. I guess given the commentary around the uncertainty, right, people like those asset classes, but the debt markets have been probably more challenging and that's probably the bigger issue. So do we need to see like an improvement in the CMBS market or bank lending? I think people have confidence in industrial and apartments, but the financing markets are more gummed up today. So I guess...
Robert Sulentic: I think people need to see stability and they need to have some clarity about where things are headed in the future. There is a lot of capital queued up out there to buy those asset classes and there are a lot of well-leased, well-located assets that can be sold. So by the way, we're not the only one on the development side that has the model that I just described that builds very good build-to-core assets that are well capitalized in terms of being patient. Much different than in prior cycles. The industry has moved forward. The industry has matured, become more enlightened about how to capitalize its development. And so I think people are looking for certainty and where cap rates are going to be, where inflation is going to be that drives interest rates, et cetera. And that's when you will see some of the slowdown in sales that we've described turn the other direction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: On the M&A side, how would you prioritize areas of business that you're looking to expand in? Is it spread evenly across the board? Or do you see an outsized area to grow? And last quarter, I think I asked about infrastructure, I'm curious if that is a priority. I know you have some existing footprint there, but how big a priority is expanding infrastructure?
Robert Sulentic: Jade, we look across our entire business, all 3 segments of our business, and we look across lines of business and the geographies within the segments. I will say that we tilt toward a few things. We definitely are looking for businesses that enhance our capability to serve our clients. We have increasingly large amounts of business with clients that ask us to do things around the world across lines of business, et cetera. And wherever we can fill in a capability that we don't have or that we think could be better, we target that area for M&A, because we know we have the clients there to do the work for. Secondly, we really are focused on this notion of driving our capital and our resources into areas of secular benefit, into areas that are resilient, and so we are looking for M&A opportunities that match up with that. We have a very definite plan in the various parts of our business. We have areas we prioritize. And if you looked at our M&A pipeline, it would be very evident. We also have this notion of certain aspects of what we're doing in that regard, understandably are confidential, and we wouldn't want to talk about what we're targeting specifically. But that's broadly how we think about it.
Jade Rahmani: Second question is on the debt finance side. I know you mentioned that in a declining property sales environment, the debt business would perform better. But overall, is that an area of growth? I believe you recently bolstered the management of the team in commercial and multifamily finance, curious how big a priority growing the debt placement business is.
Emma Giamartino: Jade, that's a very big priority for us, and it's a business that has performed incredibly well for us. This year, we're expecting our overall debt origination business to grow. And like you said, a large part of that is because of -- and grow in the back half of the year. And a large part of that is because of our exposure to the GSEs. So in the back half of the year, as we're expecting a recession and as property sales start to come down and private lending starts to pull back. We expect the GSEs will come back and accelerate and will benefit significantly from that. And so we are -- and as a part of -- it's not only our debt origination business, but also our loan servicing business. So building out that team, and we are very focused on continuing to grow that business. Because if you think about the parts of our business that we talked about as resilient, that's one of our businesses that can help drive growth and provide resiliency through the cycle.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I will now turn the call over to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again in about 90 days.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE’s Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to turn this conference over to your host, Ms. Kristyn Farahmand, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance. Thank you. Ma'am you may begin your presentation.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials.  Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's future growth prospects, including 2022 qualitative outlook, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy and share repurchases, financial performance, including net leverage, profitability, expenses, and effective tax rate, the business environment and the effect of the COVID pandemic and geo-political tension, the integration and performance of acquisitions and other transactions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of consolidated adjusted EBITDA, core EPS, core EBITDA, net revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remark to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO will briefly comment on first quarter highlights and the role that our four dimension diversification strategy and balance sheet are playing in driving our growth. Then Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial and Investment Officer will discuss the quarter in detail and our updated qualitative 2022 outlook. Then we'll open up the call for questions. Please note that we are now referring to core adjusted EPS as core EPS for simplicity purposes. Additionally, we are also reporting core EBITDA, which like core EPS is equivalent to adjusted EBITDA, but excludes the fair value adjustments related to non-core investments. Now please turn to Slide 6 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Kristyn. And good morning, everyone. The year has started out strong for CBRE with excellent momentum across all three business segments. Globally, net revenue increased more than 30% and GAAP EPS and core EPS were up 48% and 72% respectively in the first quarter. We saw strong property sales growth in virtually every corner of the world. Office and retail continued to rebound nicely from COVID suppressed levels and multifamily and industrial maintained strong momentum. The continued rebound in leasing velocity is also encouraging. Notably office leasing revenues surpassed one, 2019 levels in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Office activity in the U.S. improved significantly, but remained below pre-pandemic levels. Despite the lag in U.S. office, overall global leasing revenue is 20% above the Q1 2019 peak. We achieved these strong revenue gains while keeping expense growth in check, which is a top priority for us. Our core EBITDA margin on net revenue improved 280 basis points over the prior year, quarter, notably discretionary expenses were 27% below first quarter, 2019 levels, while net revenue was up 42% versus the same period. We continue to execute a strategy to diversify our business both organically and through investment broadly, across, the four dimensions we've talked about regularly over the last couple years, asset types, lines of business, clients and geographies. Our performance for the quarter drives home how effectively this strategy is working. We saw continued gains from the purposeful investments we have been making in parts of our business that are benefiting from enduring growth trends. Examples include the industrial and multifamily asset classes, which we invest in and serve broadly. Our local facilities management and our project management lines of business, and several of our geographies, particularly North Asia, where we continue to see strong growth. Notably, Turner & Townsend continues to perform ahead of our expectations, both financially and operationally, and we are enthusiastic about the added dimensions they bring to global project management offering, particularly in infrastructure, natural resources and sustainability services. We generate significant cash that is being strategically deployed into growth areas of our business, while we are also returning cash to shareholders at an elevated clip. Year-to-date share repurchases have totaled $627 million. I'll close with the word about Ukraine, which I know is top of mind for many of you. In early March, we decided to exit most of our business in Russia while keeping some employees in that country to manage facilities for multinational clients, consistent with our contractual obligations. We are inspired by the Ukrainian people's brave resistance to Russia's unprovoked aggression. With that, I'll turn the call over to Emma, who will discuss the quarter and the outlook.
Emma Giamartino : Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 8. CBRE began the year with our strongest ever financial performance for a first quarter. Consolidated results were supported by double digit revenue and segment operating profit growth in each of our three operating segments. As Bob noted GAAP EPS was up 48% to a $1.16, while core EPS froze 72% to a $1.39. GAAP EPS was $0.23 below core EPS, mostly due to the mark-to-market evaluation of our non-core investments, particularly our Altus Power stake. The change in Altus’ valuation during the quarter, largely reversed the non-cash gain we realized in Q4, which we also excluded from our core earnings.  Corporate overhead grew approximately $23 million for Q1 2021, but fell $40 million compared with Q4 2021. We continue to expect overall corporate overhead to decline slightly from 2021 levels for the full year. Our results are ahead of our own expectations across revenue, margins, and earnings. We're excited about the strong start to the year and the momentum we're seeing across our business. Please turn Slide 9 for a deeper look at our Advisory segment. Advisory Services, net revenue reached their first quarter record of $2.2 billion up 32% from last year. Within capital markets, we continue to see strong sales activities with total sales revenue up 58% versus last year. Strong property sales growth was broad-based across all major geographies with Pacific, North Asia and the U.S. being particular standouts. We have yet to see a material impact from rising rates on property sales. Globally office, industrial, retail and multifamily sales all surpassed their prior first quarter peak levels. While office remains the largest asset class and is to prior peak levels, it comprised about 20% of property sales in the quarter versus nearly one-third in Q1 2019, reflecting the sizeable gains we've made across the other property types. Our mortgage origination revenue excluding OMSR gains rose over 22% compared to Q1 2021. Industrial and multifamily originations continue to lead activity across property types. Lending markets remained highly liquid during most of the quarter with private lenders continuing to increase volumes. Lower government agency originations reflected robust private lending activity for multifamily assets, which continued to create attractive terms for borrowers and reduced events for agency debt. Our OMSR gains declined $50 [ph] million from the first quarter of last year reflecting this shift from agency to private lenders. Leasing revenue eclipsed prior peak first quarter levels in all global regions. Global revenue was up over 48% in Q1 led by continental Europe and the U.S. Continuing recent trends industrial revenue rose strongly, while the omicron variant pose continued challenges, we were encouraged to see global office leasing improved significantly from last year's COVID suppress level and fall modestly short of the Q1 peak set in 2019. We expect that recovery for office leasing will continue to improve from the COVID depressed levels of 2021 as leases roll over and occupy upgrade their office space. 70% of our surveyed occupier clients are planning a hybrid approach for their office return, and over 90% of them are planning to either expand or contract their office footprints over the next three years. This is a clear positive for our office advisory business, as any changes in space requirements drives not only commission revenue, but often also workplace advisory and project management fees. Despite heightened macro risk from persistent inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical tensions, U.S. sales and lease activity has remained strong since the end of Q1 with revenue up significantly over the prior year during April. Advisory services segment operating profits started the year stronger than expected, up 40% to $466 million with our net margin increasing to 20.9% from 19.7% in Q1 2021. Prudent operating expense management largely offset higher cost of sales due to deals being more heavily weighted to our highest producing brokers and the lower OMSR gains. Turning to GWS on Slide 10, net revenue grew over $400 million or 27%. Excluding Turner & Townsend net revenue rose nearly 9% overall with project management up 13% and facilities management up 7%. Our new business pipeline points to facilities management revenue accelerating significantly as the year progresses. As clients gain more visibility about their space utilization and less their need for outsourcing services. Our pipeline revenue is at a record level with a diversified mix of financial services, defense, automotive, retail and logistics prospects. Overall GWS segment operating profit grew 33% or over 6% organically. Margins on net revenue grew to 10.9% in Q1 benefiting from the Turner & Townsend acquisition. After this acquisition net margins declined very slightly from prior year in line with our expectations. We expect a slight margin pressure to subside toward the end of the year. Turning to Slide 11, our REI segment posted another outstanding quarter. Revenue increased 34% to $284 million and segment operating profit grew to $167 million, up $104 million versus Q1 of last year which was modestly better than our expectations at the beginning of the year. Our development business continued to post excellent results benefiting from a strong pipeline and compressed cap rates. Development contributed nearly $107 million of segment operating profit in the first quarter, up from $10 million in the prior year. We saw multiple large co-investment asset sales in the first quarter notably in Industrial and Multifamily. Looking ahead, development operating profit is expected to be weighted to the first half of the year. However, any movement of development asset sales between periods, which is common in this business could impact the quarterly cadence of our results. Our development pipeline rose to more than $10 billion, and in-process portfolio reached almost $20 billion, both record levels. This gives us visibility into strong, long-term development operating profit growth. Historically we've converted about 1% to 2% of our in-process portfolio into operating profit annually. Our development business is also strategically well placed with industrial and multifamily comprise over three quarters of the combined pipeline, and in-process portfolio.  Fee development and build-to-suits make up more than 50% of in-process activity. Our investment management business also turned in a strong performance in Q1, while operating profit declined by $9 million versus same period last year. The decline was due to a one-time $24 million accounting methodology driven gain we booked in last year's Q1 and called out at the time. Absent this gain operating profit improved about 33% supported by co-investment returns, which benefited from appreciating asset values. Investment management AUM reached a new record of nearly $147 billion with logistics and infrastructure climbing by 9% and 7% respectively over the quarter. AUM growth was driven by $4 billion of net capital inflows as well as higher property valuations only partially offset by unfavorable FX rates. We've also continued to benefit from the partnership between our investment management and development businesses, which has supported AUM growth for investment management and pipeline growth for our develop business. Turning to Slide 12 CBRE repurchased more than $390 million of shares in the first quarter, a record amount. As Bob mentioned, year-to-date through May 3rd we repurchase nearly 7 million shares for $627 million. We anticipate maintaining a significant pace of are repurchases for the balance of the year, absent, substantial and compelling M&A opportunities. We also remain committed to maintaining a durable balance sheet. Net leverage was just under 0.1 turns at the end of Q1, well below the midpoint of our zero to 2 times target range. This is despite the share purchases, seasonally higher use of cash for employee incentive compensation in this seasonally light revenue and earnings typical of our first quarter. Absent any substantial M&A opportunities we anticipate remaining below 1-turn at the end of 2022, even allowing for an elevated pace of share repurchases. Turning to Slide 13, as we look ahead, we have the same expectation for achieving mid-to-high teams consolidated core earnings growth for the full year that we provided at the end of February. Our business today continues to have strong momentum. Our base of contractual work in project management, facilities management and investment management is large and growing rapidly and lease and sales transaction activity through April remains robust. Commercial real estate markets also are healthy with office, retail and multifamily fundamentals improving and industrial fundamentals remaining strong in core markets. Materially offsetting these continued positive trends, the broad economic backdrop has softened and interest rates have risen since we've provided our earnings outlook in late February. We have taken some of these dynamics into consideration in reaffirming our full year expectations. Specifically should an economic downturn emerge we expect the more resilient and secularly favored parts of our business to help offset any potential weakening and other parts of our business. In particular, we have noted that office leasing is benefiting from strong tailwinds that we expect to sustain for some period of time. Additionally, we have identified cost measures, we can implement quickly should market conditions warrant. On the other hand, if the macro environment remains supportive for the rest of the year, there could be upside to our current expectations. Additionally, our outlook does not include any benefit from incremental M&A activity or share repurchases. We expected to be active capital allocators for the rest of the year and would be positioned to move aggressively in a weaker economic environment. We look forward to updating you when we report second quarter results in July. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Chandni Luthra: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Bob, Emma could you talk about what are you both seeing on M&A front? I mean, you've obviously talked about heightened macro volatility, but in a tougher environment do you think there is potential for more M&A opportunities? And then could you give us some insight into how the pipeline is looking right now and how do you think about M&A considerations multiples in this environment?
Bob Sulentic: Chandni, I'm going to comment and then I'm going to ask Emma to do the same. I want to remind everybody that in addition to being our CFO, Emma oversees our M&A activities. So she's got great insight into this. But I want to start with the notion that M&A is a core competency of our company and we expect our leaders around the world to identify M&A opportunities that help us add to the capability we can offer to our clients. We're also increasingly focused on driving capital and resources into areas of our business with secular benefit and we're really well positioned to do that because we have such a strong base of operations across the four dimensions we talk about; product type, service type, client type, and geography. Prices have been high recently, which means that we've been a little bit careful about what we might queue up for acquisition. We think if the environment slows a bit, gets a little tougher because of inflation or a recession that might be ahead of us that our opportunity to invest will grow. But we are looking across our business for two types of acquisitions, and I'm being redundant here, but I want to say it again. Acquisitions that add to our capability to serve our clients and acquisitions that drive diversification across our business and we have a good pipeline of both types of candidates. I also want to say that we're looking at things that we haven't looked at traditionally that we think are a really good fit for our business. One of the best examples I can give you recently, of course is Turner & Townsend which was a very unique acquisition for us and the early returns on it were about as good as I've ever seen us have on a big acquisition. So with that I'm going to ask you to add to that, Emma.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. I would just add that our pipeline is really strong for M&A, so we're building it for the rest of this year and 2023 and beyond so that we can really be ready when we believe valuations will come down and we can be aggressive in taking advantage of that opportunity. And then I will also add that I said this in my remarks but it's important to reiterate that our outlook does not include any this M&A this year or incremental buyback. So all of that should be upside to our outlook this year, and that stands for 2023 and beyond. Our long-term outlook does not include material capital allocation.
Chandni Luthra: Got it. And switching gears to kind of two asset classes that have been doing really well, Multifamily and Industrial. I mean, we've heard from a lot of public reads over the course of last week and a half. And most of them talked about seeing a pause in transaction activity, citing large leveraged buyers pulling out. And then we've also more recently heard from Amazon talking about excess capacity in warehousing – industrial warehousing. So what are you seeing on that front? I know it's been very strong for you, but do you think activity in these asset classes slow ahead. I mean, do you see these as early signs? What do you think rates are doing here?
Bob Sulentic: Well, that's a multi-layered question, Chandni. There's a lot of focus on cap rates. There's a lot of focus on the cost of debt, but when you look at the trading of assets and the value of assets you also have to look at fundamentals and you also have to look at the amount of capital that's out there pursuing those assets. Fundamentals are exceptionally strong. I think historically strong in the multifamily asset class. Vacancy is as low as it's been in 20 years. The amount of pent-up demand relative to the amount of vacancy is also as low as it's been in 20 years. There's upward pressure on rents and there's more renters out there in the market than there is new product coming online. So that bodes well for the value of those assets. The other thing that I think gets missed a little bit by people and it's sometimes cited as a problem for our sector, which it is a challenge, and that is what's going on with the cost of assets. The cost of assets is going up. Construction cost is going up. Fundamentals have allowed rental rates to make up for that and the value of assets, but when you think about – how investors think about product, one of the things they always consider is replacement cost. Anybody that comes into the market today and buys assets can have a decent level of confidence that replacement cost is going to be above what they pay for those assets, so that's positive dynamic. And it's not as extreme with the industrial asset class as it is with the multifamily asset class, but when you go into core markets around the U.S. the big gateway markets and the most important secondary markets. And when you look at modern large industrial assets which is where we play primarily, the fundamentals there are extremely strong as well. So I was meeting with one of the most active players in the New York – New Jersey industrial market yesterday and their comment was it's sold out, right? There's not available space up there. And the Amazon news is important. They've been the biggest – the biggest leaser in across the U.S. the last couple years, I will tell you that Amazon their percentage of the market slowed down in the last 12 months by over half what it was in 2020 and the fundamentals haven't really changed. There's strong, strong demand for any space that exists out there. So we're relatively bullish about what's going to happen with values for both multifamily and industrial assets at the same time we're very aware that if there is a recession, if [indiscernible] do take up, if debt becomes more expensive which it will, there could be a period of time when the buyers and sellers go to the sideline, and that's baked into our thoughts about where we're headed for this year and next year.
Chandni Luthra: Thanks Bob for all that color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Thanks. Good morning Bob and Emma. I just kind of wanted to circle back to some of the comments that you both made. You basically had a great first quarter. You're keeping guidance unchanged at this point? You said April was off to a very good starter or April was a good start to the quarter. And I guess I'm just trying to sort of weave all that into your comments, kind of about potential upside. I guess the way I'm reading it is, there probably is upside to numbers but just the uncertainty on the macro is kind of keeping you from raising guidance at this point. Is that really the simple message?
Emma Giamartino: So, yes, I think that [indiscernible] well, but to put some more color around that, and to be clear, if we weren't seeing pressures from the macro environment we would be increasing outlook. And so we've spent a lot of time sensitizing what we think is going to happen through the second half of the year. And there are a number of factors that are giving us confidence that will – that we'll deliver the outlook that we expected to in February. Like you said in Q1 has been really strong. Our pipelines for Q2 and our transaction business are very strong, we are anticipating if interest rates rises as expected there will be slowdowns in parts of our business in the second half of the year, which will be offset by our secularly favorite parts of our business. And again, I want to remind everyone that capital allocation is not included in our outlook, so that will be upside. And then I also want to mention that in my remarks, I talked about the cost levers that we have in place. So if things turn in a different direction then we're expecting, and there is more pressure. We have cost levers that we know we can pull, and we've proven that we can pull through 2020 and 2021. So that gives us a tremendous amount of confidence in 2022. And then we also look towards 2023, because we know everyone's really thinking about what's going to happen if interest rates continue to rise. And we ran some sensitivities around what we expect next year and everything that we said about 2022 really holds for 2023. We have – we are more contractual. We have more recurring revenue than we've ever had before. We've invested in growing in our – in secularly favorite areas. And we believe those parts of our business are really going to offset areas where we'll see pressure like capital markets and potentially in development. So we feel very positively about where we're going to go in 2022 and 2023, and think there is upside to what we're talking about.
Steve Sakwa: Great. And then I guess just trying to think about the capital allocation. So it sounds like acquisitions at this point are, I don't want to put words in your mouth kind of maybe on hold but you're certainly willing to deploy a lot more capital in the share of buybacks. Can you just maybe kind of walk us through the math and how you're thinking about that? It was nice to see the acceleration in Q1 and into the early part of Q2. But it sounds like buybacks could be materially higher than we originally thought?
Emma Giamartino: So the capital allocation strategy that we've talked about over the past few quarters remains unchanged. We are prioritizing accretive strategic M&A when we see opportunities arise and we're very focused on building that pipeline, and executing on those opportunities. But valuations are high and so it's really important that we're patient. We want to make sure that we're delivering returns that are well above the returns we can deliver through buybacks. But we always said we would balance that with buybacks when we don't see a huge opportunity for transformational M&A within a year. And so that's what we've done. We've seen a value opportunity. Our price has been very attractive. So as long as that continues we will continue to buy back shares through the rest of the year.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, thank you. Just Emma, I guess just one more thing on the guidance that I had on my mind last quarter, you had given some pretty specific brackets around Advisory, GWS and REI. Did anything change within those, like some of your expectations for lease and sales revenue and so forth?
Emma Giamartino: So, we're making a shift, as you can see in this quarter to really focus on our consolidated performance, because we are a more mature, diversified business where we have multiple levers. And one single factor we don't believe should impact our long-term or even near-term growth trajectory. So, I'm not going to comment on specific parts of our business, but as both Bob and I've talked about where we potentially see a slowdown in the second half of the year is primarily in capital markets. And then I do want to comment on development. I mentioned this in my remarks and we mentioned it last quarter, but simply because of timing, the majority of our development profits are going to hit in the first half of this year. It doesn't have anything to do with the external environment. It's simply when these projects are expected to be completed. And if you look at those profits on an annual basis, I think, that's the best way to look at the sustainability and the stability of those profits. We've said that about 1% to 2% of our in process portfolio typically converts to SOP in any given 12-month period. Right now we're slightly ahead of that, but if you extrapolate that to 2023 and expect that profit to move more in the 1% to 2% range, that can give you an idea of the sustainability and stability of our development pipeline.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks for that. And then with regards to EBITDA margins, can you talk about any puts or takes on that side? Because if you think about the last year business kind of accelerated, and you had a lot of costs that had been taken out during the pandemic and still a lot of deals being done over Zoom and stuff, but now it seems like maybe the business is slowing and people are getting back to face-to-face. Are there any parts of the business where there's margin pressure or deals less profitable or any other places where you're making up ground?
Emma Giamartino: So the only place where we're seeing costs come back, which we anticipated and talked about in Q4 is within our GWS business. And that’s just our reversion to pre-pandemic levels. During the pandemic, we were servicing facilities and buildings, although people weren't going to disabilities and office buildings. And so the cost to service those buildings declined in an unusual way. So we’re going back, we’re reverting to normal with in our GWS business. And we’re seeing some margin pressure this quarter. We expect that to like to mediate throughout this year.  So margins within a legacy GWS business is slight tick up through the remainder of the year. But in the rest of our business, we’re actually seeing within advisory you’re seeing stronger margins than we expected and so that’s evidence of our ability to control our cost all of the cost measures we put in place. Bob mentioned that our discretionary costs this quarter are down pretty meaningfully. And our hiring has flowed somewhat simply because of the challenge labor market. So we feel really good about our margins.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just last question you had made a comment about some of the lending moving away from the GSEs on the multifamily side, and I thought they raised their caps for 2022. So I was a little bit surprised by that. Can you just talk about what's happening there, how big a part of your overall mortgage business is GSE piece? And just what happens you think to that either the origination piece and/or servicing as rates move up?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, we think – well, first of all, that's a very big part of – GSE business is a very big part of our lending business. It's moved more to private lending in the last quarter, and the first quarter of this year. And we're watching to see what's going to play out for the rest of the year and next year, as it relates to mortgage servicing, which has become a big and very recurring, very contractual business for us. We expect that continue to grow partly from the business that we source, but also partly from business that we take on from others.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. I mean, just with the GSE part though, why do you think people are going to private lenders when they have, I guess, the ability to lend even more this year?
Emma Giamartino: So, there's two factors. One, private capital has been very aggressive with their lending terms, so the GSEs are simply being outcompeted. And then the GSEs pulled back. If you think about Q1 of last year they needed to provide liquidity. And this quarter, because the markets have been flooded with liquidity, they didn't have that same that same need.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes to the line of Patrick OShaughnessy with Raymond James, you might proceed with your question.
David Farnum: Hey, good morning. It's David Farnum on for Patrick. Wanted to ask a question on your EMEA business. How are market conditions holding up in that region as compared to the other geographies?
Bob Sulentic: Market conditions are really good in EMEA right now, I was just over there last week. I was over there for a Turner & Townsend Board meeting, which by the way that company is doing extremely well. And what we found out was across the UK and across Europe leasing is strong and coming back, the industrial asset class is holding up well, there's large amounts of capital to be invested in commercial and multifamily assets. Multifamilies are smaller business over there than it is over here. I would say the fundamentals across Europe right now are quite strong and our business is performing – our advisory business there is performing better than it's ever performed in the history of our company. So we're feeling really good about that business now.
David Farnum: Great, thanks. And then maybe switching gears to the Turner & Townsend business for a moment, how about you've been working with that business for a few months now, what sort of integration has taken place between Turner & Townsend and the rest of the organization?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's important to remember that we bought 60% of the business, 40% of business remains with the partners that the legacy partners in Turner & Townsend. We govern that company through a board of directors, three directors from CBRE three directors from Turner & Townsend. And the integration has largely been a revenue integration. We have not tried to seek cost synergies out of that deal. We have not tried to alter the way they go-to-market. The infrastructure that supports that business is our infrastructure, the way the integration is progressing is we're working with them to bring them into our client relationships as an added capability. We have some other resources that we're providing to them to help them grow their business, but it is not a traditional full on integration. The best comp for Turner & Townsend in our company would be the way we operate Trammell Crow Company, although we own a hundred percent of it, roughly 40% of the economics go to the developers. Trammell Crow Company has kept its brand. They've operated independently. They have a tremendous culture and they've grown tremendously. And we've modeled Turner & Townsend after that. They liked that model. They wanted that model. We’re six months or so into the relationship. As I said, in my opening remarks, both financially and operationally it's proceeding better than we had thought it would proceed. And we were quite bullish about the investment when we made it. There is a bunch of stuff that Turner & Townsend would like to do, and we would like to do together with them that we haven't been able to get to yet simply. They're running at capacity and as they add capacity, that capacity is fully utilized. So, there's a good deal of upside associated with what might happen with Turner & Townsend and next year and beyond. And Emma kind of commented on that when she gave you that little snapshot of how we think 2023 might play out. We think there is some upside to Turner & Townsend because of the secularly benefited areas that they operate in.
David Farnum: Excellent. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes to the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW, you may receive with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. When you look at the size, and scale and footprint of the company overall, where do you see the greatest growth opportunities? You mentioned investing in new areas. I was wondering if infrastructure and potentially energy and renewables size to you as very strong growth potential, or would it be within the company's existing capabilities and footprint in core real estate services areas such as, for example, mortgage origination, where perhaps the ratio of property sales to mortgage could be a little bit reduced, more mortgage less property sales just as a ratio?
Bob Sulentic: There's a lot there in that question, Jade. Let me try to take the pieces off as you ask them. So first of all, with regard to energy/sustainability, we're embedding that in many of our services across the company. And it's not necessarily a separate profit line, but the capability in our facilities management and property management and project management and development businesses that brings sustainability to those product lines helps us grow those businesses. And then Turner & Townsend directly does things with regards to sustainability that are important product lines for them. Infrastructure, you're going to see growth in infrastructure through Turner & Townsend. You're going to see growth in infrastructure through our investment management business, and they've grown the AUM there very nicely. But when you look across our business, and again, I want to beat this drum because it's so important, we are really broadly diversified across product type, service type, client type and line of business. So where are we going to see growth across those four dimensions. The work we do for big technology companies around the world is going to continue to grow significantly. And it's likely not going to be all that subjected to economic downturns compared to some other things out there. Project management, with all that's going on with sustainability, with all that's going on with reorienting offices to the future way they'll be use, we think that there's going to be sustainable growth there. Ironically, when you look at what's happened to our business over the last two or three years during the COVID area – era, everybody knows that we faced secular headwinds in the office building part of our business, which is a big part of our business. What we now believe for at least the next two or three years, we're going to have real secular tailwinds with office as occupiers go back to renewing or changing the leases they have. We've got a very good insight into what that pipeline looks like as occupiers reconfigure their space, et cetera. We think we're going to actually benefit. At the same time, we might see some downward pressure from what's going on with interest rates and cap rates and the economy as a whole, we actually think office is going to come back in and provide some tailwinds for us. We're very, very encouraged about that. And then when you kind of get deeper into our business and look at those four dimensions, I'll give you an example of something that we haven't talked a lot about, we've mentioned it kind of in passing. But if you look at our advisory business, over the last few years I often get the question, what part of the world should that business grow the most. And well, it should grow the most in part of the world where the economy is growing the most and that continues to be Asia. If you went back five or six years, our advisory business in North Asia was probably no more than 1% to 2% of our business. It's likely to be 6% to 7% of our advisory business this year. Not that much of it in China because of what's going on in China, but Korea is really growing for us, Japan is really growing for us, Hong Kong is really growing for us. We have a nice business in Taiwan, and then we think eventually, China is going to kick in when things sort out now. So we've got pockets of opportunity for growth across those four dimensions. And that's why when Emma talks about what's going to go on the rest of this year and thinks about what might happen next year even if things get a little tough in the economy, even if we go into a mild recession, we're pretty encouraged about where we sit out there. And then, of course, in all of those areas, we have capital to drive into acquisitions if things slow down, and it's easier to buy some things than it is today.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of tone from investors, institutional investors looking to deploy capital into real estate, are you detecting any changes? And in terms of dry powder, does that at all come under pressure from lower equity markets because the allocations are set relative to their overall asset allocation strategy? So lower – equity markets have been a boon to real estate allocations, but now could be a headwind. How would you answer those two questions?
Bob Sulentic: And we do watch the denominator effect, and we're wondering if that's going to have an impact next year depending on what happens with equities. If those go down and then real estate holds up and becomes a bigger part of the portfolios that may put a little downward pressure on some institutions buying commercial assets. But I will tell you what we've seen around the world, around the world, is there is more capital for real estate than there is real estate for capital right now and that's equity capital and that's debt capital. And people really like the fundamentals and they believe in this asset class more and more for the long-term. There could be an interruption later this year, there could be an interruption next year, but the long-term trajectory is more institutional capital is being aimed at commercial real estate assets and institutional quality multifamily assets. And the base of assets around the world is growing. So we think that this is a really nice, long-term trend for our company in the sector we compete in.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you. And then just lastly on the GSE multifamily, one of the issues has been they underwrite on a trailing 12-month cash flow basis. And as I'm sure you all know, rents in multifamily have been skyrocketing and so debt funds and other more flexible lenders, they're looking forward. They're looking at forward NOI, putting the GSEs at a relative disadvantage. Do you see that gap alleviating considering that their caps are 11% higher than last year?
Emma Giamartino: So we do see that alleviating somewhat as valuations increase and the GSEs come up to speed to where the private markets are. One of the factors that's impacting the GSEs is that they do have new leadership in place, so as they go through that transition and as the leadership comes into gain some – moves further into their term, we expect GSEs to pick up.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. You may proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon: Hi. Thanks. Good morning and nice results here. Just one for me, and it's on the longer-term trend towards real estate ownership, I guess, shifting more towards institutions versus more or less private ownership. Do you think that trend has continued as we look back over the last few years? And if so, what has that meant in terms of both outsourcing adoption in GWS and the velocity of properties changing hands, given normally shorter holding periods? And could that trend make capital markets activity become slightly more recurring over time?
Bob Sulentic: There is a few things about that trend that are really important to our business. One is that institutions historically have tended to trade a bit more than non-institutional owners. So that's good. That adds to the velocity associated with our brokerage businesses, both brokerage of debt and brokerage of the assets themselves. Secondly, what's happening is these institutions that are controlling the assets are growing; they're getting bigger and bigger. And they tend to want to work with fewer and fewer service providers. We're a beneficiary of that. By the way, we're a big beneficiary of that with occupiers and we're a big beneficiary of that with investors. And one of the things we've done with our family is – not with our family, with our company is working incredibly hard to be connected across lines of business and geographies so that we can offer a product to these big institutions that invest in real estate and these big occupiers that use real estate, so that they feel like they can comfortably use us instead of a group of companies. That's been a really powerful trend for us. We expect it to consider or we expect it to continue. And so when you look at what you're describing, Stephen, for the institutional ownership of assets, we think it's going to be a positive secular driver in the growth of CBRE, and we think – and the same thing is going to happen with the occupiers, and it is happening.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn this call back over to Mr. Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you in three months when we report our second quarter earnings.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to CBRE's Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to your host, Kristyn Farahmand, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance, CBRE. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Before we kick off today's call, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's future growth prospects, including our 2022 qualitative outlook and multiyear growth framework, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy and share repurchases, M&A and investment activity, the performance of existing investments, financial performance, including cash flow, profitability, expenses, margins, adjusted EPS, core adjusted EPS and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the integration and performance of acquisitions and other transactions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only, and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of core adjusted EPS, adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, net revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows. First, I'll provide an overview of our new financial metrics. Next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO, will discuss initiatives that support our 4-dimension diversification strategy. Then Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial and Investment Officer, will discuss the quarter in detail our capital deployment strategy, our initial qualitative 2022 outlook and our updated multiyear growth framework, then we'll open up the call for questions. As you can see on Slide 5, the fourth quarter completed a strong and transformative year for CBRE. We made strategic investments in Turner & Townsend and Industrious and saw significant gains from strategic noncore investments made through our SPAC and in venture capital funds. Due to our controlling interest that results from our 60% ownership stake in Turner & Townsend, we fully consolidate Turner & Townsend's financials, including their balance sheet. We will focus our commentary on consolidated performance inclusive of noncontrolling interests, and we will use consolidated adjusted EBITDA for our net leverage calculations. To give more transparency to our investors, we are introducing a new earnings metric called core adjusted EPS this quarter. Core adjusted EPS excludes the impact of strategic noncore, noncontrolling investments that are not attributable to a business segment. These had an immaterial impact prior to 2021. These investments are a small part of our portfolio, but there is likely to be considerable volatility in their fair values, particularly for Altus Power, the largest of our investments now trading on the New York Stock Exchange. We believe this new metric will help investors better assess the underlying performance of our core business. Starting in Q1, we will also present strategic noncore investments in corporate overhead separately, which today are combined. We believe this incremental transparency will help investors assess the level of corporate overhead and the performance of these noncore investments. We've also enhanced our presentation today to help provide greater insight into our performance. As a result, the slides accompanying our remarks are different from previous quarters and focus on the most significant drivers to our consolidated results for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and earnings. The segment-specific slides we presented in previous quarters are included in the appendix, as are some slides from our research team detailing the long-term historical relationship between real estate and inflation that we believe investors will find topical. With that, please turn to Slide 7 as Bob provides insight into our strategy. Bob?
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Kristyn, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we had a strong finish to 2021 significantly outperforming both Q4 2020 and the pre-pandemic peak in Q4 2019. This capped an outstanding year for CBRE with all key financial benchmarks reaching new all-time highs for the company. We certainly benefited from a supportive macro environment in 2021. Beyond that, our strong financial performance is the product of our long-standing work to strengthen our balance sheet and improve the resiliency of our income statement as well as our successful efforts over the past several years to diversify our business across 4 dimensions: asset types, lines of business, clients and geographies. We have described our diversification efforts in detail in recent quarters, highlighting how it has positioned CBRE to benefit significantly from secular tailwinds. Prime examples of this are our investments in Turner & Townsend, a project manager that enhances our green energy and infrastructure capabilities; and Industrious, a leading asset-light player in the growing flex space market. In our Real Estate Investments segment, we are now executing a strategy to realize positive synergies between our development and Investment Management businesses with support from our strong balance sheet. So far, this effort has focused on industrial and logistics assets which are benefiting from long-term secular trends. Our research team projects that global e-commerce sales will rise to approximately $3.9 trillion by 2025, requiring an additional 1.5 billion square feet of distribution space. Specifically, we are placing development projects into investment programs run by CBRE Investment Management, essentially converting portions of our more than $18 billion in-process development portfolio into Investment Management AUM. This strategy also capitalizes on our industrial investment sales and property management expertise. At the same time, we are further building AUM in our industrial and logistics strategy by supporting CBRE Investment Management's acquisition of large portfolios of operating assets. The most recent example is the agreement to acquire a $4.9 billion portfolio of U.S. and European logistics assets from Hillwood. Our balance sheet provided a backstop proportions of this portfolio, which enabled our team to move quickly to secure a highly desirable set of assets. We plan to replicate this model for other secularly favored asset types, including multifamily and life sciences and expect our integrated investor, operator, developer model will generate material incremental recurring revenues and earnings for years to come. Reflecting our strong 2021 performance and the substantial opportunities we see in front of us, we are increasing our multiyear aspirational growth framework. For the period from 2020 to 2025, we now expect our average annual core adjusted EPS growth to exceed 20% barring an economic disruption from geopolitical or other events, which we are watching closely. This is up from the low double-digit growth expectation we set a year ago. The average annual growth rate is expected to be in the low double digits for the prospective period from 2021 to 2025. We believe there is potential upside to our expected growth rates for both periods through incremental capital deployment. Emma will walk you through this in detail after she reviews the quarter. Emma?
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. 2021 was an outstanding year for CBRE with strong growth across our key financial metrics and record free cash flow driven by operational discipline and our 4-dimension diversification strategy. We're also well positioned for future growth, which I'll discuss shortly. Throughout my remarks today, I'll highlight how our results benefited from asset type diversification, and in future quarters, I will focus on the benefits of other diversification dimension. Now please turn to Slide 9, so we can dive into our results for the quarter. Like Q3, I'll include compares with Q4 2019 for their transactional business lines to provide insight into our performance from peak levels. On a consolidated basis, revenue grew 24% compared to Q4 2020 and 20% over Q4 2019 led by rebounding sales and lease revenue. Advisory Services added nearly $1 billion in net revenue, growing 43% for Q4 2020 and 23% over Q4 2019 to over $3.3 billion, a record for our largest segment. We continued to benefit from a supportive property sales backdrop. Globally, sales revenue jumped over 73% from Q4 2020 and 45% from Q4 2019. The U.S. led the recovery among our major markets with 89% sales revenue growth compared to the prior year quarter. We had the highest market share across all major asset types in 2021, while our overall U.S. market share rose 100 basis points in the quarter according to independent data provider, Real Capital Analytics. Capital inflows into multifamily and industrial remained strong, allowing us to benefit from the very intentional work we have done to build leading sales platforms focused on these asset types. U.S. industrial sales revenue more than doubled from Q4 2019, while U.S. multifamily sales nearly doubled over the same period. Office continues to gradually improve back towards pre-pandemic levels. And our U.S. office sales revenue was around 14% shy of Q4 2019, an improvement from steeper declines in the prior quarters. Global leasing revenue rose 14% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 with all 3 regions ahead of 2019 levels for the second consecutive quarter. EMEA leasing revenue grew 25% on Q4 2019, and the Americas was up 13%, while APAC grew 7%. Industrial leasing surged around 60% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 as occupier demand for distribution space remains strong. Like in sales, office leasing also continued to recover with global office leasing nearly flat versus Q4 2019. EMEA and APAC office leasing rose around 7% and 11%, respectively, compared to Q4 2019. U.S. office leasing revenue trends also continued to improve. While still below its 2019 level by around 4%, the year-over-year shortfall from prior peak levels has narrowed compared to previous quarters. Notably, while it's still early in the year, we are continuing to see strong momentum in both U.S. sales and leasing thus far in 2022, with revenue trending significantly above prior peak first quarter levels. Loan servicing was the primary growth driver within the rest of advisory, with revenue rising around 70% from Q4 2019 to nearly $93 million. Our loan servicing portfolio grew 23% versus the prior year and 10% sequentially to nearly $330 billion, primarily driven by private capital sources. Our multifamily portfolio, comprising nearly half of the total, grew about 14% versus Q4 2020. Our alternative asset type portfolio, which includes agriculture, health care, hotels and others, rose over 70% and now comprises approximately 19% of our total servicing portfolio. Growth was driven by a strong pace of third-party servicing wins, which is a key focus area for growth in this business. OMSR gains faced a tough compare and were down about $47 million. These gains were elevated in last year's fourth quarter as the government agencies were extremely active in providing liquidity to a multifamily market burdened by COVID impact. Turning to GWS. Net revenue grew 22%, increasing $330 million to nearly $1.9 billion. This includes about $175 million in net revenue from the Turner & Townsend transaction, which closed on November 1 and was in line with our previous expectations. We are extremely excited about the growth trajectory for this business. Project management is a fragmented market, estimated to be over $100 billion with strong secular growth tailwinds, particularly within infrastructure. This transaction helps to bolster the nascent infrastructure capabilities within our existing businesses. We believe broadening our infrastructure offerings will help to accelerate future growth and deepen diversification, especially by helping to further insulate our business for more cyclical trends. Our legacy GWS revenue grew nearly 8% led by project management, which rose about 17%, excluding contributions from Turner & Townsend. Strong growth in project management was driven by continued recovery from the pandemic-constrained environment. Facilities Management revenue increased nearly 6%, and net revenue rose over 10% supported by growth from local clients. We expect Facilities Management growth to benefit from continued progress in returning to a more normal business environment in 2022. Looking at REI, revenue increased $125 million or 43% to over $413 million. This was driven by increasing activity in our U.K. multifamily development business, which is continuing to recover from COVID-related challenges. Investment Management revenue was relatively flat versus Q4 2020 at about $150 million due to lower carried interest revenue, which can be volatile. Excluding carried interest revenue, Investment Management revenue grew 19%, driven by strong asset management fee growth. AUM rose to a new record of nearly $142 billion with more than 80% invested in assets other than office. Industrial comprises the largest component, in line with our strategic vision to position the company to benefit from this sector's strong secular tailwinds. Flipping to Slide 10. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA grew to over $1.1 billion. Excluding noncash gains related to OMSRs, our Altus Power investment through our SPAC and venture capital investments, adjusted EBITDA grew over 37% compared to Q4 2020. On this basis, our underlying adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue rose 6 basis points versus Q4 2020 to 16.5%, which is 1.7% above our Q4 2019 level. Advisory Services segment operating profit marginally exceeded our expectations, increasing $219 million to over $740 million as sales and lease revenue rose more than expected. Advisory's net operating profit margin, excluding volatile noncash OMSR gains, reached a new record of 21.5%, about 120 basis points better than Q4 2019. We achieved this despite record productivity pushing more producers into higher split tranches. In GWS, legacy segment operating profit reflected higher-than-expected medical expenses as we saw a ramp-up in year-end insurance claims compared with 2020's severely pandemic-constrained levels as well as a $3 million impact of noncash deferred purchase consideration expense for Turner & Townsend. Turner & Townsend profitability performed in line with our expectations, contributing just over $23 million of profit from November 1 through year-end. REI segment operating profit rose $39 million to $156 million and was roughly in line with expectations as outperformance in Investment Management offset a modest shortfall in development. Investment Management benefited from higher-than-expected net promotes and co-investment returns driving operating profit to $41 million. Development operating profit of $122 million was affected by a $29 million increase in the reserve we had previously taken on a U.K. construction project that faced challenges that were exacerbated by the pandemic. We believe we have fully reserved for this project and don't expect it to result in further adverse financial impacts. Putting aside this reserve increase, development operating profit would have been over $150 million for the quarter and about $380 million for the year, surpassing our previous expectations. This was driven by the conversion of our average in-process portfolio to operating profit at a rate of over 2.1% over the trailing 12-month period, a level well above our historical norm of between 1% and 2% with most years around the midpoint. We also saw increased corporate overhead in the quarter. This is largely driven by higher incentive compensation as performance materially exceeded initial 2021 expectations and our investments in key corporate functions to help support our larger business. We do not expect incentive compensation to fluctuate as much in 2022 as business volatility continues to normalize. Looking at Slide 11, adjusted earnings per share rose 51% to $2.19. This includes a benefit of $0.36 from a gain in our SPAC investment and another $0.03 from mark-to-market adjustments on our Altus Power and VC investments. Excluding these noncash gains, core adjusted EPS rose 24% to $1.80. Excluding only the SPAC deconsolidation gain, which is consistent with how we've reported our results in previous quarters, adjusted EPS rose over 26% to $1.83. Robust underlying earnings growth reflects the strong increase in adjusted EBITDA as well as lower net interest expense. These were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization, mainly related to elevated prepayments of government agency-related loans, which triggered higher OMSR amortization. Our results also include noncash interest expense related to deferred purchase consideration for our remaining Turner & Townsend payments and an increase in our effective adjusted tax rate to 23.9%. The nonrecurring reserve increase in the U.K. multifamily development business lowered earnings by approximately $0.07. Going forward, as Kristyn noted earlier, we'll report both adjusted EPS and core adjusted EPS to give you transparency into how both our core operations and noncore investments are performing. Now we'll discuss our financial capacity on Slide 12. Due to our strong profitability, we generated nearly $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, bringing our annual free cash flow total to almost $2.2 billion, which is a new record for our company. We ended the year with a net cash position of 0.2 turn while deploying nearly $1.8 billion of capital, net of debt issuance proceeds during the year, primarily for investments in future growth. We also repurchased around $370 million of stock, providing our shareholders a repurchase yield of over 1%. We intend to continue this capital deployment strategy and believe there is ample opportunity to invest in future growth while also programmatically returning cash to our shareholders. In support of this, we commenced our fifth consecutive quarter of repurchases in Q1 2022. We intend to continue repurchases throughout this year, assuming the return remains attractive and we have capacity given our evolving M&A pipeline. Additionally, as we move forward, strong free cash flow conversion will remain a priority for us, and our senior executive team will be evaluated on this metric as part of their 2022 goals. Please turn to Slide 13. We expect another year of strong growth in 2022. Market conditions remain generally favorable, notwithstanding heightened geopolitical tensions, and tailwinds are likely to persist across the 4 dimensions of our business and areas where we are proactively investing to drive growth. Advisory Services is positioned for another year of strong revenue and segment operating profit growth, with leasing revenue expected to rise at a high teen to low 20% rate and sales revenue expected to rise at a low to mid-teens rate. We expect incremental benefit from offices gradual recovery and that industrial leasing should decelerate modestly due to a potential near-term shortage of available properties. As Bob highlighted earlier, we believe long-term secular trends are bolstering demand for industrial space and expect strong performance for this asset class on a long-run basis. Outside of sales and leasing, we expect advisory revenue to rise at a high single-digit to low double-digit clip compared to 2021. We also expect advisory's operating margin to be roughly flat versus the prior year as the benefit of high-margin transactional revenue growth will be tempered by some operating expense investments designed to accelerate future growth. Advisory operating profit expectations also include increased strategic equity awards to help better align a broader leadership team with our enterprise strategy and shareholders. We expect strong long-run margin performance in advisory, partially driven by these investments. In GWS, we expect low to mid-double-digit organic top line growth and mid- to high single-digit organic segment operating profit growth. This is being driven by continued strong growth in project management and accelerated growth in enterprise facilities management, partially driven by a return to normal contract cycle times. We expect this growth to be more weighted to the second half of the year. GWS legacy segment operating profit expectations also include the impact of $17 million of noncash deferred purchase consideration expense for Turner & Townsend. This expense will continue through 2025 when we've made the last of our required payments. We will also record about $10 million in noncash interest expense associated with our deferred payments. Like in advisory, GWS operating profit expectations also include an impact from increased use of strategic equity awards. This is reducing expected legacy segment operating profit growth by around 1%. We expect Turner & Townsend to grow net revenue at a mid-teens rate, in line with its historical average over the approximately $974 million it generated in calendar year 2021. Strong organic growth is expected to more than offset a small foreign exchange headwind at today's spot rate. Turner & Townsend net operating profit margin is projected to tick up around 0.5% from the 13.4% generated in the fourth quarter. This reflects strong top line growth, the restoration of certain expenses cut during COVID and about $10 million of noncash expense for retention bonuses. REI revenue is expected to grow around 20%, and segment operating profit is expected to roughly match the elevated operating profit of $520 million generated in 2021, excluding the $24 million accounting change-driven gain that we recorded in last year's first quarter. Revenue growth is being driven by continued recovery of our U.K. development business. Our REI expectations also contemplate elevated hiring and investment management for new product development, a key strategic focus as well as more moderate appreciation and asset values. Finally, we expect our development in-process portfolio will convert to operating profit at a rate of under 2%, in line with historical performance. Our in-process portfolio is well positioned for the current environment with nearly 80% of the portfolio comprised of industrial, multifamily, health care and life sciences assets. As you can see, we are consciously orienting the portfolio towards assets with strong long-term performance potential. Setting aside any effects of our strategic noncore investments, we expect corporate overhead to decline nearly 5% from 2021. We anticipate investments in further scaling key corporate functions to be more than offset by more favorable incentive compensation impact. Going forward, core adjusted earnings, which excludes the impact of our small portfolio of strategic noncore investments, will be the basis of our financial forecast. We are making these investments for their strategic value rather than near-term financial gains. However, there will likely be sharp volatility in their investment valuation, especially for our largest noncore investment in publicly traded Altus Power. Altus is poised to benefit from the transition to a low-carbon economy while enhancing capabilities to help our clients meet their clean energy and sustainability goals. As always, for investments of this nature, short-term bouts of market volatility can cause the value of our investment to swing sharply on a quarter-to-quarter basis. For example, the majority of the noncash gain we recognized in the fourth quarter would be reversed in the first quarter at Altus' share price as of February 15. Now looking at depreciation and amortization. We expect this to rise about 4%, and we project our effective adjusted tax rate to be in line with the 23.9% rate we saw in Q4 2021. We are also highly focused on monitoring how inflation could impact our business. Real estate provides a natural inflation hedge when held on a long-term basis, which somewhat cushions our transactional businesses. In fact, sales could potentially even benefit if inflation concerns draw more capital to real estate. On the expense side, clients reimburse us for the salary and benefits of nearly half of our employee base who work primarily in the GWS and property management businesses, and inflation provisions are typically embedded in our multiyear GWS contracts. In light of this, we believe we are well positioned to succeed in a higher inflation environment. It is also prudent to highlight that while the current operating environment remains favorable, there is heightened uncertainty given this higher inflationary environment, tighter monetary policy and rising geopolitical tensions. Please turn to Slide 14 for an update of our multiyear growth framework. As Bob noted, we've raised our base case annual core adjusted EPS growth expectations to more than 20% for the 2020 to 2025 period and to low double digits for the next 4 years. There is upside to both growth rates from additional capital deployment. We envision solid organic revenue and earnings growth across our 3 business segments. Our overall margin is expected to gradually increase over this period even with considerable growth from our lower-margin GWS segment. The GWS margin itself should also improve over time as higher-margin project management accounts for a larger share of our GWS revenue base. We will continue to manage our balance sheet prudently. We are comfortable with increasing net leverage to around 1 turn as we deploy capital into M&A to accelerate growth. We can even go as high as 2 turns for a highly compelling strategic opportunity. We expect to focus our capital deployment strategy on secularly favorite areas that will further diversify our business. We see significant opportunity to expand our investor, operator, developer model into multifamily, life sciences and infrastructure. Importantly, this model plays to our competitive advantages, including cross-functional collaboration, business line diversification and balance sheet strength, giving us the opportunity to further differentiate CBRE. Given our sizable financial capacity, we expect shareholder capital returns will continue to figure prominently within our capital allocation plans over this multiyear horizon. Ending with Slide 15. Since 2016, core adjusted EPS has achieved average annual growth of 21%, while revenue and free cash flow have also grown at double-digit annual rates over this period. This strong growth has been supported by the strategic steps we've taken to bolster our balance sheet while pursuing a disciplined capital allocation program and increasingly diversifying our business. We expect our multiyear growth framework will extend the successful track record of performance across our key financial metrics. We are extremely optimistic about our trajectory as we head into 2022 and look forward to delivering another year of strong performance. And with that, operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a first question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone: Great. I guess my first question is just to understand if, I guess, the new EPS metric is going to be core adjusted, what's the EBITDA that ties to that metric? Because it doesn't seem like it's the $1.124 billion.
Kristyn Farahmand: So we haven't changed the adjusted EBITDA metric, but there are going to be 2 different segment operating profit metrics going forward for each segment. So we will be reporting consolidated segment operating profit for each segment as well as operating profit attributable to CBRE common stockholders. And for purpose of consolidated adjusted EBITDA, we feel like that's the best measure for the company in terms of the EBITDA metric because we are fully consolidating all of Turner & Townsend's financials into our own. And so that keeps the margins actually logical.
Emma Giamartino: And Anthony, I'll just add on core adjusted EPS, the comparable -- we're not reporting a comparable core adjusted EBITDA. So our adjusted EBITDA will include the gains from the SPAC and our venture capital gains. Does that answer your question?
Anthony Paolone: Yes, I think so.
Operator: We have next question from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. You made those comments on inflation, and I didn't look at the slides that you had from your research group. But I think, on balance, you think inflation is positive. Does that include rate hikes as they're obviously forecasted now to happen? Maybe you can specifically talk about rates. You have a very diversified business, so kind of hard to think through where rate increases may hit you. So maybe a little bit more detail on that would be helpful.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So we've based our outlook based on what our in-house economist believe will happen in terms of inflation and rate hikes over the next year. And his view is that inflation will moderate through 2022 and 2023, and the federal -- and we'll do a similar number of hikes as the market is projecting to manage that inflation. And so we've incorporated that outlook into our guidance. As we said, we think we have -- we know that we have a number of inflation hedges throughout our business, but there are areas where we know inflation will impact us. And so there are 2 main areas where we've incorporated that. For the half of our global employee base that is not reimbursed by clients, we have factored in wage inflation. And then for our relevant business lines that may be impacted by cap rates, we've assumed some moderation in cap rates throughout the year. And that may be a conservative assumption going forward. And then I do want to say that our outlook does not contemplate the uncertainty and impacts from the geopolitical tensions that are rising throughout the world.
Alexander Kramm: Okay. And then maybe shifting to margin quickly. Can you just flesh out the margin comments a little bit more? I guess, on the advisory side, what's the right base to use for that margin comment given that you present your margins sometimes with or without gains? And then on the GWS side, again, it sounds like that's tied to, I think you mentioned a 1% impact from certain items. But like if you think about the core underlying GWS business organically, is that seeing benefits from operating leverage? Or are there also other investments that are countering that in 2022?
Emma Giamartino: So throughout our businesses throughout all 3 lines of business, we are investing more to drive incremental growth in future periods. So across all 3 business lines, we're investing about $300 million in OpEx, and those investments are for areas like increasing our capabilities and to serve our clients in GWS, for example, expanding into smart buildings; in advisory, where we are increasing our consulting group to drive future growth. And in REI, we're launching new products in life sciences and infrastructure, which is requiring some investment in 2022. And then you mentioned the 1%. Our margin expectations for this year also include strategic equity grants that we are putting in place to help align a broader set of our leadership team across advisory and GWS, and that's about a $22 million SOP impact across those 2 segments.
Alexander Kramm: Okay. And sorry, on the advisory side, what's the right base to use for the margin -- flat margin comment? Sorry, just I don't know if you answered that.
Emma Giamartino: Excluding OMSRs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have next question from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: I think on a recent markets call hosted by CBRE, your team mentioned that the company intermediated around $400 billion of transactions in 2021, of which around $80 billion was debt placement. So I wanted to ask in the debt brokerage space how big a priority is growing that business. Do you see that as meaningful? And I would have expected the mix between debt and equity to be closer to equal, so that $80 billion baseline seems like there's a big potential to grow.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Jade, this is Bob. We have significant efforts underway to grow all of our lines of business in all 3 segments of the company. And the debt business has grown nicely over the last several years. We expect it to continue to grow. Obviously, the sales numbers that you heard for 2021 and specifically the fourth quarter of the year were the subject of us taking market share in a market that was very strong, and that's what you're seeing in those big numbers.
Jade Rahmani: In a normal market environment, leaving aside current geopolitical uncertainty, do you anticipate that the debt business would be closer to perhaps 30% to 40% of the total?
Robert Sulentic: I don't think we've put those numbers out there.
Jade Rahmani: As it relates to uncertainty prior to Ukraine, there was growing uncertainty with respect to the interest rate outlook and inflation. Are you seeing or noticing any changes in sentiment or tone from customers? You mentioned the very strong first quarter results so far in leasing. But just want to hear what you're hearing from clients that they're getting more cautious if there's any changes in the appetite to transact.
Robert Sulentic: Well, the fact of the matter is, Jade, some of the biggest news related to Russia and Ukraine has unfolded over the last 24 hours, and everybody is watching that and concerned about that. And everybody is concerned about what the impact might be on the global economy. And when I say everybody, everybody in our sector, but everybody pretty much in every sector. The thing that shouldn't be lost in all of this, though, and we talked a lot about it here today, and we've talked about it the last few quarters, we have built a business that is really well diversified across those 4 dimensions: asset type, client type, service type and geography. And there is a massive amount of commercial real estate around the world that is going to be used in various places depending on what's going on and in various types of assets and services. And because we have a broad footprint across all those dimensions, we're able to push our resources, our management time, our M&A focus, our capital into the areas that we think are most benefited secularly at any given point in time. That's come across in our results the last couple of years. It clearly came across in our results for 2021. So irregardless of what happens geopolitically, irregardless of what happens in the economy, we are much better positioned than we have been historically and relatively well positioned to other companies in our sector and other companies across business. And you saw what played out for CBRE relative to the S&P 500 in the wake of COVID-19. So I think there's real risk out there geopolitically, but I think we're well positioned to withstand whatever the economy brings in our direction.
Jade Rahmani: When you think about infrastructure as an opportunity for the company, is there any further dimension that you could put around that? Do you see it as, for example, core within real estate but expanding the services that are offering or really moving beyond core real estate to areas such as perhaps chemicals, manufacturing, aviation, energy, government? Are you talking about really expanding CBRE's offering into those core infrastructure sectors?
Robert Sulentic: Well, infrastructure is relevant to us today in 2 big areas. Number one, Turner & Townsend. Turner & Townsend does a lot of infrastructure work in a variety of industries and for governments around the world, and so we expect that to grow over time. We expect that to grow with Turner & Townsend, who's growing very, very nicely in that area. The second place is we have a relatively small but growing infrastructure Investment Management business. As that business grows, either organically or through acquisitions, we expect that it'll touch those other client sources or those other investment opportunities beyond commercial real estate. In fact, it is a separate asset from commercial real estate. It's a real asset class, but it's a separate asset class. And the projected growth for it over the next decade is enormous, as you know.
Jade Rahmani: So you envision CBRE eventually having infrastructure away from core commercial real estate as a key product offering or a business line item?
Robert Sulentic: We have that today with Turner & Townsend and Investment Management, and we expect it to grow significantly. So yes.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. And lastly, within Turner & Townsend, what percentage of their business relates to climate to build the resiliency, energy-related situations?
Emma Giamartino: Energy-related work is about 10% of the revenue historically.
Robert Sulentic: And growing. The other thing about that, Jade, and we get that question with regard to our own business. And the answer is not as clean as we would all maybe like it to be when we're answering the question, right? So we have products or services that are directly attentive to green energy, consulting work we do, project work we do. But our green energy work, our environmental work is embedded across our business. It's in our development business, in the nature of the buildings we design and develop. It's in our property management business. It's in our project management business. It's in our Facilities Management business. It's hugely embedded in our -- this massive supply chain we have. So when you look at a company like Turner & Townsend or you look at the work we do, there's direct specific sustainability work, but then it's -- we create advantages for our clients and growth momentum for ourselves due to sustainability-related work we do across all those services.
Operator: We have next question from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Sakwa: Yes. I guess, Emma, I'm just trying to sort of piece together a bunch of the numbers that you've put out there and what you guys had in the slide deck. You sort of talked about this low double-digit sort of earnings growth from '21 to '25. I realize it's not going to be exactly linear by year. If you just sort of took that at face value, that would sort of suggest you'd be up in the kind of high $5 range, maybe pushing $6 a share. I realize you didn't give the exact EPS guidance, but then you also talked about this $300 million additional investment that you're making, and I realize that's within the margin. So I'm just trying to make sure that when you talk about these additional investments, is that sort of inclusive of that sort of low double-digit growth and so, effectively, you'd be doing a lot more earnings power if you weren't making these investments? Or is that kind of a drag in the short term on that 11 to 12 and you hockey stick a little bit more in, say, '23, '24, '25?
Emma Giamartino: No, it's the former. It's -- that $300 million of investments is embedded in our outlook for this year. And without that investment, our EPS growth would be significantly higher, but we believe those investments are important to drive future growth.
Stephen Sakwa: Great. And just as a follow-up, as you look at that, do you look at that as sort of a onetime? Or do you think those investments are sort of ongoing, maybe not at those levels? Or I guess, should we start to see margin improve more. And I can understand you got to make the investments today, but should we see better margin improvement, say, in '23 and beyond?
Emma Giamartino: So those are ongoing investments that we continue to execute in our business as we're trying to drive incremental growth in the future with new capabilities across our lines of business. I threw out a couple of examples earlier. And one thing to note is that in 2021, we invested in our business, and we set out to invest to drive growth at the beginning of the year based on the revenue that we anticipated hitting throughout 2021. If we had known revenue would have accelerated the way it did in the latter half of 2021, we would have invested more in OpEx in 2021 than we did. And so you're seeing some of the margin expansion in 2021 as a result of that. So we weren't able to get our investments up to where we would have if we could have anticipated the growth.
Stephen Sakwa: Okay. And then just last question. I know you were pretty programmatic on the buyback. It sounds like that will sort of stay in place, maybe accelerate a little bit if the stock sells off with the equity market pullback. But is that -- roughly $400 million, is that sort of embedded in effectively the guidance? Or would the buyback benefits all be additive to that kind of low double-digit earnings growth rate? Just trying to figure out how much of the buyback is sort of already in your expectations and how much would be additive.
Emma Giamartino: We have a modest level of repurchases embedded in our outlook, but not the entirety of it. And the way we look at our programmatic repurchase program is we use it as a balance to optimize our return to shareholders. So if we see a really strong M&A pipeline, which we do, I mean we execute some of those larger deals, we'll pull back on our repurchases throughout the year. So we're really using it as a lever. So in that outlook, you're seeing a small level of repurchases. You're also seeing a very low level of M&A. And so any of those uses of capital will be incremental to our growth.
Stephen Sakwa: Great. And then last question, just maybe on that M&A pipeline. I realize you won't name names, but could you maybe just talk about the types of businesses that you're seeing the most activity and where you're most interested?
Robert Sulentic: Steve, we really look across all 3 of our segments for opportunities to expand our offering to our clients and grow the business. And of course, strategically, we have particular areas that we're more focused on than others. We don't talk about those publicly until we do a deal because we consider proprietary information. But I will tell you that we have a very rigorous program that is run between our -- the leadership of our 3 segments and Emma's corporate development team, where we identify specific areas in each of the 3 segments of the business that we think are particularly well suited to grow through M&A. And some of that M&A is infill M&A, and some of that M&A is more transformational. We also -- we have our eye on a number of what we call sponsorship opportunities that would be consistent with what we did with Turner & Townsend or Industrious, where we think we can buy a portion of a company, have them help us in the way we serve our clients and help them supercharge their growth in the way we bring them into our orbit, so to speak, to serve the clients we have. So all of those things are part of our M&A strategy. It's broad. It comes to small deals and large deals, and you should expect to see significant use of capital going forward to further grow the business through M&A.
Operator: We have next question from the line of Matthew Filek with William Blair.
Matthew Filek: This is Matt Filek on for Stephen Sheldon. I was wondering if you can provide some additional commentary on leasing. Specifically, how much of the strong leasing guidance is driven by a recovery in office versus continued strength in areas like industrial? And have you seen any changes in lease duration?
Emma Giamartino: So throughout this year, we're seeing -- I think as I mentioned in my remarks, we're expecting recovery across all asset types. Industrial specifically, we're expecting that to slow somewhat as supply has become somewhat constrained. We're expecting office to return similar to how it did throughout the latter half of 2021. And then what was the second part of your question?
Matthew Filek: Yes, just wondering about changes in lease durations, if those are longer.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. Lease terms have picked up slightly and continuously throughout 2021. I think new lease terms are up 1%, and renewals are up 4%, but they haven't materially moved. So new lease terms are about 6 years, and renewal terms are at about 4 years.
Matthew Filek: Great. That's helpful. And then one additional follow-up. Can you also talk about the performance between small and large leasing deals? I think you had previously mentioned that large leasing deals were still below pre-pandemic levels in the prior quarter. I'm just wondering if there's been any changes there.
Robert Sulentic: Matt, large leasing deals have picked up on the office side, but they haven't -- we're not back to where we were pre-pandemic. Of course, large leasing deals in industrial have been unlike anything we've seen historically. And in the absence system, supply constraint, we would expect large leases on the industrial side to continue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have next question from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. Just could I squeeze in a couple of follow-ups? It should be quick. Just on your medium-term outlook, I think you previously had caveated that with -- does not include a return to office, and maybe that's a couple of quarters ago. But is office embedded in that now? Or what is embedded in terms of office in your updated guidance? So yes, any color would be helpful.
Robert Sulentic: Alex, we've embedded assumptions about return to the office in our guidance, and they're slightly more conservative than they were in the prior couple of quarters. There's just a lot of uncertainty, and we see it all over the place with companies trying to figure out and employees trying to figure out the degree to which they'll go back to the office. So we think that the return to the office is going to be slightly less than we would have thought 90 days ago or 180 days ago, and that's embedded in our numbers. We also think, though, that there's other things that are going on as a result of the way people are looking at their office space usage that are going to help our business, significant opportunity in project management. We continue to be there -- I believe there's going to be significant opportunity in the flex space arena where we've invested in Industrious. And our big clients all over the world are telling us that. And all of those assumptions are embedded in what we've modeled for our business.
Alexander Kramm: Fair enough. And then just last one from me. You mentioned the changes to the splits, I believe. I didn't fully catch the comment was impacting, I think, the margin last year. Can you just remind me what exactly you've done there? And then also what the reception has been from, I guess, various parts of your brokerage force?
Emma Giamartino: Yes. This is an important clarification. It was not a change to split. It's that as producers do more volume, they enter into a higher tranche of splits. And so as they did more volume in Q4, they entered more, producers, than usual, entered into the higher tranche of splits. So no change to what those tranches are, what the splits are.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'd like to turn the call back to Bob Sulentic, CEO, for closing remarks. Over to you, sir.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we'll speak with you again at the end of the first quarter when we give the results for that period.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Kristyn Farahmand, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Finance. Thank you, you may begin.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBRE’s third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Please note, we have added some new details to our real estate investment segment tab. Before we kickoff today’s call, I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, including 2021 qualitative outlook and multiyear growth framework, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy, and share repurchases, M&A and investment activity, financial performance including profitability, expenses, margins, adjusted EPS and the effects of both cost savings initiatives and the COVID pandemic, the integration and performance of acquisitions and other transactions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, net revenue, and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanation of these measures in the appendix of this presentation slide deck. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. First, I will provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO will discuss our recent strategic investments and how they support our four-dimension diversification strategy. Then, Emma Giamartino, our Chief Financial and Investment Officer will discuss the quarter in detail along with our revised qualitative outlook for 2021, our capital deployment activities and balance sheet strength, then we'll open up the call for questions. Now, please turn to Slide four, which highlights our third quarter 2021 results. Total revenue grew approximately 20% to a new third quarter record of about $6.8 billion, while net revenue grew over 28% to nearly $4.2 billion. Notably, all our advisory service business lines, including leasing generated more revenue than they did in Q3 2019. The quarter also benefited from the work we completed last year on our cost structure as well as our continued financial discipline. Overall, GAAP EPS rose nearly 135% to $1.28, while adjusted EPS grew about 92% to $1.39, compared with Q3 2019. These metrics are up approximately 71% and 76%, respectively. Now for deeper insights, please turn to Slide six for Bob's remarks. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Kristyn, and good morning, everyone. The diversification of our business across four dimensions, asset types, business lines, clients and geographic markets has been a key focus of our past few earnings calls. The benefits of this diversification were clearly evident in our third quarter performance, with adjusted EBITDA more than 60% above the Q3 2019 peak, record Q3 margins and strong top-line growth across all global regions. Our leaders around the world have been adept at identifying and securing compelling opportunities to grow our business across the four dimensions of diversification. We have committed approximately $2 billion of capital already this year to secularly favored areas including green energy and infrastructure project management, with our Turner & Townsend investment, Flex office solutions with our industry investment and logistics and multifamily assets in a real estate investment segment. These investments position as well to make additional capital and organic investments that will drive earnings growth for years to come. We're also making substantial investments to grow our business organically. These include deeper asset type specialization in both our brokerage and real estate investment management businesses, and client sector specialization in our GWS business. And we're expanding our real estate development business into new international markets. With our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation, as well as the work we've done to streamline costs and capture the benefits of scale, we are positioned to continue growth initiatives like these well into the future. At the same time, we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders and are evaluating all potential avenues for such returns. I will close by noting that we will update our multi-year growth framework when we report Q4 results in February. Now I'll hand the call over to Emma.
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, let's start with our advisory segment. This segment rebounded strongly from the pandemic's depressed levels of Q3 2020 and performed very well compared with pre-pandemic activity in 2019. In my comments today I will include compared with Q3 2019 for the transactional business lines. We believe this is the best barometer of how these business lines are faring. Advisory services net revenue and operating profits set new third quarter records, surpassing the Q3 2019 peak by 13% and 29%, respectively. This strong performance reflects not only our ability to capture reviving demand for real estate services, but also our diligent focus on managing costs during the recovery. The strong operating profit growth also reflects a $7.5 million gain from our industrious investment. Leasing continued to bounce back strongly, particularly outside of the U.S. with global revenue up 58% from Q3 2020 and 7% from the Q3 2019 peak. All three regions generated leasing revenue above Q3 2019 peak levels, up 4% in the Americas, 20% in EMIA and 11% in APAC. Office demand in the U.S. continues to trail pre-pandemic levels. However, the shortfalls from the 2019 peak levels narrowed to just 16% in Q3 versus 54% in q2. We also continued to see strong small deal performance with revenue from U.S. leasing transactions below $1 million, up about 8% versus Q3 2019. While the contribution from large deals over $1 million remained about 5% below its pre-pandemic level. Property sales activity remained robust. All regions exceeded their pre-pandemic peaks with global property sales up 93% from Q3 2020 and 27% from the Q3 2019 peak. Like in leasing, U.S. office sales activity saw significant improvement coming in just 16% below Q3 2019 levels versus 31% in Q2, and improved investment market also helped generate strong growth and commercial mortgage origination. Revenue rose 41%, from Q3 2020 and 11% from the Q3 2019 peak. Both the government agencies and private lenders were noticeably more active in Q3. We expect the agency's higher lending caps for 2022 coupled with a healthy appetite from private lenders and the attractive yields available from real estate debt to provide a supportive backdrop heading into next year. Strong origination activity helped to drive a 19% increase versus the prior quarter in our loan servicing portfolio, which reached [$300 billion] [ph] at quarter's end, the portfolio growth propelled a 35% revenue increase from the prior year Q3. Valuation revenue accelerated more than 27% from last year's quarter, partially reflecting particularly strong growth in the U.K. and Ireland. Property Management revenue increased 6% year-over-year. Moving to Slide nine, our global workplace solutions segment again posted solid revenue in segment operating profit growth across its global business base. Revenue rose over 8% from Q3 2020, comprised of 21% growth in project management and 6% in facilities management. Total GWS segment, operating profits rose over 16% compared with Q3 2020. Our local client business was a standout performer accounting for a quarter of total segment operating profits. This growth has been driven in part by selective infill M&A. Importantly, despite evidence of increased inflation throughout the economy, we believe our GWS business is well protected by contract provisions that enable us to factor inflation into our pricing annually or even more frequently in certain cases. We are optimistic about the future growth trajectory of GWS. Our new business pipeline is growing, and remains well diversified with representation from financial services, industrial life sciences and technology clients. The pipeline increased markedly from Q2 and is up from both Q3 2020 and Q3 2019. We expect continued pipeline strength as the business environment increasingly settles into a new normal. Turning to Slide 10, our real estate investments segment continued to deliver strong growth, with segment operating profit nearly matching last quarter’s record level. This performance reflects how well positioned our development and investment management businesses are to capitalize on the strong investment climate and the flow of capital into industrial, multifamily, and other favorite asset classes. Global development generated nearly $100 million of operating profit in the third quarter primarily driven by selling industrial properties at high valuations, reflecting acid and tenant quality as well as strong market fundamentals. Industrious comprises the largest portion of our in-process portfolio and pipeline at 35% and 39%, respectively, and we continue adding new projects to the pipeline at a strong pace. This will drive revenue and profit opportunities for years to come. On a trailing 12 month basis, we have converted the average value of the in-process portfolio to operating profit at a rate of 1.9% which is toward the high end of the historical range. Importantly, our in-process portfolio set another new high this quarter, rising to $16.8 billion, largely driven by multifamily activity. Investment management benefited from a record level of asset management fees as well as higher incentive acquisition and disposition fees, compared with Q3 2020, revenue rose 35% to $135 million, while operating profit increased 68% to $49 million. Assets under management continued to grow steadily rising to over $133 billion despite negative currency effects. Industrious and logistics properties remain the largest asset class in the portfolio, comprising more than $35 billion of AUM, or over 26% of the total. Fundraising also remained strong as the performance of our funds and separate accounts attract new capital, dry powder rose 6%, from Q2 to $13.2 billion. Looking at the business as a whole, we're on track to surpass 2019 record performance across all key financial metrics by a substantial margin. On Slide 11, we'll briefly walk through our revised qualitative 2021 outlook. We now expect full year Global Advisory sales revenue to be about 15% above the 2019 peak and globally seem to fall 5% or so short of peak. Q4 will likely see more moderate sales and leasing growth rates than we've experienced the last few quarters as prior year comparisons become tougher. However, both U.S. sales and leasing have been running well ahead of 2019 peak levels thus far in October. Across the rest of our advisory business, we reiterate expectations for low double digit revenue growth on a combined basis. We also anticipate stronger incremental margin expansion than we previously forecast due to the more robust revenue growth. The Q4 net margin should be around the 22.7% achieved in the prior year fourth quarter. We expect the benefit of more revenue from high margin business lines will likely be offset by increased discretionary spending to drive growth and by lower OMSR gains compared with Q4 2020. In GWS, we expect mid-to-high single-digit net revenue growth accompanied by operating profit growth of 20% or more year-over-year. Before contributions from the Turner & Townsend transaction. Our policy is to reflect transactions once closed. Currently, we expect this transaction to close early next week. Given this timing we anticipate the transaction will contribute about $160 million to $170 million in revenue and about $20 million to $25 million in operating profit to our 2021 consolidated results. November and December are usually seasonably light months for the company. For calendar year 2021, Turner & Townsend is expected to generate roughly $1 billion in net revenue at the current spot rate at a similar operating profit margin to their prior fiscal year. Importantly, they noted previously our broader GWS new business pipeline is building and we expect to see the benefit from this in 2022 and beyond. For REI, we have raised their expectations modestly driven by investment management. We now expect this business lines revenue to rise in the low to mid-teens range and its operating profit to increase by at least 30% versus 2020. This includes some incremental OpEx investments slated for the fourth quarter. We continue to expect global development operating profits to roughly triple the $122 million generated in 2019. This reflexive movement of some transactions previously expected to close in Q3 to Q4. We are developing properties and markets and sectors with strong underlying fundamentals and expect to continue monetizing these assets in Q4 and for the next several years. As we've noted in past quarters, corporate segment expenses will be up from both 2019 and 2020 and are expected to end the year at just over 2% of total net revenue. Year-to-date, discretionary operating expenses have been trending well below pre-COVID levels. However, we expect some of these expenses to gradually return as business activity recovers. Flipping to Slide 12, we've strengthened our balance sheet while committing approximately $2 billion thus far in 2021 to long-term growth initiatives, while also returning $188 million to shareholders through repurchases. Trailing 12-month free cash flow generation reached a company record at over $1.9 billion. As a result, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of 0.3 turns and nearly $6 billion of liquidity. We expect to maintain our net cash position in Q4 even with our initial payment for our stake in Turner & Townsend, which will be about $700 million. We will continue to prioritize investments and enhance our diversification, resiliency, and long run growth trajectory. Going forward, we are poised to continue investing in our growth while returning capital to our shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our market leading position, the underlying momentum in our business and our substantial balance sheet capacity, make us very excited about our future growth prospects. We look forward to closing out 2021 with another strong quarter. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Andrew Rosivach with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Rosivach: Hey, everybody, thanks for taking my call. And congrats again for an amazing quarter. One, just really small housekeeping question. You had an increase in stock compensation expense in the quarter. Is that something that's just contractual that's just related to the stock being up 70% this year and the performance that you've had?
Emma Giamartino: So yes, we've put in place $100 million buyback this quarter, but going forward buybacks will be a part of our capital allocation strategy. And we're going to balance it with the remainder of our -- of how we look at we allocate our capital across M&A and organic investments, but it is a part of a programmatic buyback.
Kristyn Farahmand: And then, hey, Andrew, this is Kristyn, just to jump in for a moment. You're right. The increase in stock compensation expense is basically purely a result of the fact that the financial performance has been so robust.
Andrew Rosivach: Got it. So if it were going to -- the only reason why we repeat again in 2022 would be again if CBRE had outstanding performance.
Emma Giamartino: Yes.
Andrew Rosivach: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thanks. Good morning. My first question regards inflation and was wondering if you can comment on just the overall effect on the business and whether that brings some costs that you had caught last year back a little bit sooner. And then, the second part of the inflation question for me relates to GWS and whether there's a material impact on things like maybe incentive contracts, where you may begin to earn money if you saved the client, certain costs, but maybe that's harder now because of inflation.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely. So I think I'll comment overall on our business, we feel very comfortable that we're well positioned to weather inflationary pressures across our business. I did mention in my remarks that we see a natural hedge within our GWS contracts overall and then we also see a natural hedge in other parts of our business with property management, for example. So within property management, as rents rise, as inflation rises, our revenue in property management also rises. And then, on the transactional side of the business, it tends to benefit from inflation. Given that inflation tends to only happen when the economy is expanding, so across all those businesses, we feel very comfortable that we can weather the inflationary environment. And I will note that the one business that we are monitoring and focused on is our development business. And but what we've seen so far is that the very strong valuations in that business have more than offset any inflationary pressures.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then, on the leasing side, it sounds like office is improving, but still below prior peaks, can you give us a sense as to what that order of magnitude is right now, or perhaps even what the leasing revenue for you all in dollars would be if office got back to normal?
Kristyn Farahmand: So I don't think we're prepared to throw out a specific number right now. But we feel really good about the leasing trajectory so far during October for the U.S.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. But as compared to say prior peaks, this is off like 5% or 30%, or just any order of magnitude?
Kristyn Farahmand: So, we haven't been more specific than to talk specifically just about U.S. leasing overall. We haven't drilled down into property type, and I don't think we want to get that granular right now. But we did identify the fact that U.S. leasing so far is actually trending above the prior 2019 peaks so far in the month of October.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then, last question, in REI, you laid out the expected growth between investment management and development. Just wondering, I think, when you have your supplemental disclosure, you show also like an overhead, I guess amount in Hana kind of losses, is there, a piece of that we should think about as well to net into sort of those brackets.
Emma Giamartino: We expect those Hana losses to continue to decline, we've transferred that business over to industrious, and we're still holding some leases, but the occupancy in those leases continues to increase. So as that increases those losses to decline over the next year.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. But if I just thinking about the REI segment in totality, if I just do the up 30% that you laid out, and then the triple on development that gets us to about $548 million for the year, do we have to net some amount of overhead against that for that segment operating profit, or is that the number?
Kristyn Farahmand: No, you would have to net some overhead against that in some minor continuing Hana losses. We didn't specifically guide to that number. But I think you can probably look at the last few quarters to get an idea.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Bob or Emma, was just curious if you could maybe share your thoughts on just office in general and the commentary and comments you're having with seniors about bringing people back to the office, how they're using work, hybrid work, what that means for the office long-term and just sort of how that dovetails in with your industrious investment?
Bob Sulentic: Well, that's a complex question, Steve. The industrious investment, we believe is a bit of a hedge against -- not even a bit a significant hedge against what we've said now for some time is that we expect there to be some downward pressure on the office product type relative to where it has been historically. But we've studied this flex dynamic over and over and over and spent a huge amount of time with our occupier clients. And the general view is that they expect flex space to be a bigger portion of their office space used going forward than it has been historically and landlords are expected to be a fixture in their buildings in general going forward. So we think the future for industrious is quite bright. We voted with our pocketbook as they stay when we invested in that business and we're prepared to make an incremental investments to support their growth. We're quite bullish about what might happen with industrious. As it relates to the Office product type in general, I think our company and our own plans about what to do with our people is a bit of a proxy for what's going on in the marketplace. There's uncertainty we had thought we would have a significant return to the office kind of inflection point after Labor Day, because people were more and more aimed at getting their teams back into the office for all the reasons we know, collaboration, culture et cetera. When the Delta variant came, it pushed that back, we now think that inflection point is probably going to be the first of the year. And we think people will come back to the office in the same way they would have come back to the office had the Delta variant not occurred. And our view that we've articulated for the past several quarters is, that's going to be something like 80%, 85%, of where it was before. But again, we're all trying to figure out what the future of office space is going to be. But we believe what we've really seen is a delay from Labor Day to the first of the year. And I can tell you, I interface with a lot of clients, interface with a lot of CEOs and talk to them about their plans in general. They believe that getting back to the office in a significant way, not all the way back to where they were before there will be hybrid work going on long into the future. But getting back significantly is in people's plans. And we think that's going to impact our business positively. One thing is, I believe, close to not arguable what we're seeing today is not as good as what we're going to see in the future as it relates to office buildings. We're still significantly impacted by COVID. But as you saw the GAAP between peak leashing performance in the office sector in the third quarter was meaningfully smaller than it was in the second quarter.
Steve Sakwa: Great, thanks. And then maybe a question for Emma. I just wanted to circle back on the buybacks because, I think you did ramp up activity and in the third quarter. And I think either in the last call or the call before you guys had talked about maybe having a bit more of a programmatic share buyback program. And given that your leverage is below zero, I mean, is that something we should be thinking about that $100 million is being a bit of a placeholder for buybacks.
Emma Giamartino: So we're at the point right now, where we're obviously in a very positive net cash position at 0.3 turns. We've generated a record amount of free cash flow over the last 12 months. So we're very happy with our balance sheet position and our free cash flow generation. And we're really taking the time to reassess what our capital allocation strategy is and how we're going to return cash to shareholders. And so we think we're in a really strong position, we're still very focused on looking for avenues to invest in our company, both organically and through M&A where we can drive growth and resiliency. And we're going to do some more work around how we balance that with cash return to shareholders and so I'm not yet ready to speak about it more specifically. But as we continue to evolve our thinking, we'll be sure to be transparent with all of you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephen Sheldon: Hey, good morning. Thanks. It sounds like you've seen a pretty big sequential step up in the GWS pipeline, but what's driving the slightly lower growth outlook for GWS now in 2021, I think mid-to-high single digits, now I think you talked about high single digits previously, and how big of an issue are labor challenges in that business and your ability to staff and I guess launch new contracts?
Bob Sulentic: I don't think labor challenges are causing problems in terms of launching new contracts. They are causing some challenges in terms of staffing, we and our clients are like everybody else. There's a real war for talent and it's impacting the things we do. What you're seeing on the rebuild of the pipeline and slightly relative downward pressure we've seen on the growth trajectory of the enterprise portion of our outsourcing business is that people have found it difficult to make decisions not knowing what's going to go on with office space. And they found it difficult to make decisions because they aren't in the office together coordinating all the things you need to coordinate to make massive commitments, the way outsourcing contracts require you to make to move forward at the pace we're moving forward before. These commitments that these occupiers are making on these outsourcing contracts can be multi-billion-dollar commitments over years. And so when the teams that are dealing with the strategy and the procurement teams and the C suite aren't in the office interfacing with each other aren't certain about where they're going to go, things slow down. Now we're seeing a market increased -- a significant increase in our pipeline from where we were a year ago, which is indicative of the fact that people are getting back to being able to make these decisions with a little more clarity. But that's really what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline where it was year ago, where it was two years ago and where it is now.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. Makes sense. And then I guess on the transactional business lines, I guess, what are you seeing in capital markets and leasing pipelines heading into the seasonally important fourth quarter? And are you starting to get, I guess any visibility in the transactional businesses, as you look into the early part of 2022?
Bob Sulentic: There is a huge amount of capital out there trying to get into the real estate space. And that's particularly true with industrial assets with life sciences, assets, with multifamily assets and even with office assets that are high quality and have the right tendency. So we think this year has been a great year for capital markets for both sales and financing. And we think we're going to have another great year next year. The trajectory on leasing is very positive, the quarter-over-quarter trajectory and compare to peak year is very positive. And so we believe next year will be a good year for leasing. How good it's going to unfold as we go through the fourth quarter. I will tell you that October has been very encouraging.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over Bob Sulentic for any closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you again when we report our year end numbers.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to CBRE’s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Kristyn Farahmand, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Thank you, you may begin.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Separately we also announced some changes to our leadership team appointing Emma Giamartino as Global Group President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Investment Officer and Vikram Kohli as Global Group President, Business Intelligence.  Before we kickoff today’s call, I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, including 2021 qualitative outlook and multiyear growth framework, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy, and share repurchases, M&A and investment activity, financial performance including profitability, expenses, margins, adjusted EPS in the effects of both cost savings initiatives and the COVID pandemic, the integration and performance of acquisitions, and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, net revenue, and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanation of these measures in the appendix of this presentation slide deck. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. First, I will provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Next, Bob Sulentic our President and CEO will provide insight on our Q2 performance, the recently announced Turner & Townsend transaction, and today’s senior leadership changes. Following Bob’s remarks Emma will discuss the quarter in detail along with our revised qualitative outlook for 2021, our capital deployment activities, and broader investment strategy. Then we will open up the call for questions.  Now please turn to Slide 4 which highlights our second quarter 2021 results. Total revenue grew about 20% to a new second quarter record of nearly $6.5 billion while net revenue grew 31% to $3.9 billion partially driven by a strong rebound in property build and to a lesser extent leasing as well as favorable foreign currency effect. The quarter also saw a tangible benefit from last year's transformation initiative which have improved our cost structure and operational agility. Adjusted EBITDA grew 169% to $718 million surpassing Q2 2019 total by 53%. Overall adjusted EPS grew 291% to 136 while GAAP EPS rose 437% to 130. Compared with Q2 2019 these metrics were up 68% and 98% respectively. Both adjusted and GAAP EPS in the prior year second quarter included a $0.10 headwind from incremental COVID related costs and a charitable contribution to COVID relief effort. Additionally, certain venture capital investments contributed $0.02 to GAAP and adjusted EPS this quarter. In fact, all key financial metrics significantly surpassed Q2 2019 levels as a testament to the resiliency of our business and the actions we have taken to create a business primed to deliver scalable and enduring home [ph].  Now for deeper insight please turn to Slide 6 for Bob’s remarks. Bob. 
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Kristyn and good morning everyone. As you've seen from the results Kristyn just summarized, CBRE continues to benefit from the multiyear efforts to diversify our business across four dimensions; asset type, business line, client type, and geography. We've moved decisively to capitalize on this opportunity and are making investments and driving organic growth initiatives that will continue this trend. Overall Q2 2021 adjusted EBITDA grew at better than 20% compounded rate from Q2 2019 with strong growth across all three business segments. Each segment experienced significant margin expansion over this two-year period due to our disciplined expense management along with the benefits of diversification. Thoughtful investments shaped by a well-developed strategy will play a central role as we continue to grow and diversify our business across asset type, business line, client type, and geography. Our balance sheet was very strong going into COVID and has strengthened further as we emerged from the pandemic. We are putting some of this balance sheet capacity to work with a particular focus on investing in secularly failed [ph] companies that enhance our ability to provide clients with customized solutions and will benefit from a relationship with CBRE. You saw this earlier this year when we acquired a 40% ownership interest in Industrious in the Flex space arena and again this month with our SPACs sponsorship of Altus Power in the commercial and industrial solar energy sector. On Tuesday, we announced a $1.3 billion purchase of a 60% stake in Turner & Townsend, a global leader in project, program, and cost management. This is a great brand and great management team operating in sectors with favorable long term growth profiles. Turner & Townsend will advance diversification across the four dimensions of our business that we've been discussing. For example, across asset types, Turner & Townsend brings us capabilities in infrastructure and green energy where they can help support our efforts to meet our client’s carbon reduction goals. They are the global leader in cost consultancy, a line of business where we have a small practice now. Geographically, they move our project management business into new markets in Asia and the Middle East while we can help them grow in the Americas and elsewhere. And they add an array of new clients around the world, most notably in the government sector. We look forward to hitting the ground running with Turner & Townsend when the transaction closes later this year.  Before concluding, I'll briefly comment on the leadership changes we announced this morning. Over the past several years, we've evolved our senior leadership team dramatically, identifying our most compelling executives and putting them in roles where they can have the greatest impact on our business. The elevation of Emma Giamartino and Vikram Kohli, the Global Group President roles, represents another step in this direction. Consolidating our capital investment and finance functions under Emma reflects the growing importance of capital allocation to the long-term growth aspirations that we outlined at the end of last year. She has proven to be an accomplished investor of our capital who has an exceptional ability to work effectively with our leaders around the world to execute our capital strategy. Vikram has rapidly emerged as a leader with a unique ability to harness data and insight from across our business as well as from external sources. And like Emma, he has excelled at working across our global platform. Adding our strategy and digital and technology functions to his mandate will create a business intelligence capability that will better enable us to make powerful fact based decisions as we guide the company's growth. Vikram is the first senior executives from outside the U.S. to ascend to this level in the company. We expect to elevate other executives from outside the U.S. in the senior global leadership roles as we continue to put our best talent into key positions.  Leah Stearns will remain with us through year-end to ensure a smooth transition of financial leadership responsibilities. I want to thank Leah for her vision and initiating the transformation of our finance organization, managing finance through the worst of the COVID 19 crisis, and together with Kristyn taking our Investor Relations program to a new level, including articulating the financial framework for our long-term growth aspirations. We wish Leah continued success. With that I'll turn the call over to Emma.
Emma Giamartino: Thanks, Bob. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you all today, and I look forward to regularly engaging with you in my new capacity as CFO. With that, please turn to Slide 8. Advisory Services net revenue and segment operating profit set new second quarter records, rising 47% and 130% versus Q2 2020. Notably, they surpassed their previous Q2 2019 peaks by 3% and 18% respectively. While leasing revenue climbed 33% compared to the prior year, it was about 18% below Q2 2019 levels, mostly due to subdued America's office leasing. Overall, leasing revenue rose year-over-year by 26% in the Americas, 61% in EMEA, and 40% in APAC. Americas performance was about 28% below Q2 2019, while EMEA and APAC were about 21% and 14% above. We are encouraged to see recent improvements in Americas leasing, with July thus far up significantly compared to both 2020 and 2019.  As expected, property sales improved markedly, with revenue growing 152% from the prior year period. Americas, EMEA, APAC property sales revenue was 158%, 132%, and 151% respectively. All regions eclipsed our Q2 2019 level, with total property sales revenue about 27% above Q2 2019. The macroeconomic backdrop is supported by real estate investments and global capital migration continues to steadily improve. Rising property sales also help to catalyze strong growth in commercial mortgage originations, which climbed to 61%. We saw a particularly strong demand for acquisition and construction financing and recapitalization. Our loan servicing portfolio grew 20% versus the prior year and 3% sequentially to over 294 billion, partially driven by strong retention of loans, brokered and originated despite loan servicing revenue growth of over 15% compared to Q2 2020. Evaluating revenue accelerated over 37% as transaction related work picked up. Activity is particularly strong in the U.S. with evaluation revenue increase nearly 47%. Finally, property management net revenue increased over 6%. EMEA and APAC grew strongly while Americas lagged due to a previous decision to exit some low margin contracts.  Moving to Slide 9, Global Workplace Solutions continued its long record of resilient growth with net revenue rising 11%. This reflected strong growth in project management up 15% and facilities management up 10% driven by elevated local facilities management and data center assignments, as well as the benefit of favorable foreign currency translation. Segment operating profit rose over 33%, reflecting solid top line growth, disciplined cost management, the benefit of a mixed shift to higher margin work, and the impact of last year of transformation initiatives, which more than offset increased medical expenses. Even accounting for about 17 million of transitory COVID related expenses in last year Q2, segment operating profit growth was up 18%. Importantly, our new business pipeline continues to be strong and well diversified, with a high concentration of life sciences, logistics, and technology companies along with new data center activities.  Turning to Slide 10, our real estate investment segment generated over 152 million of segment operating profits surpassing its previous quarterly high by 38 million. Impressive development operating profit of nearly 120 million was fueled by a large office property sale that commanded strong valuations due to the high quality of the assets and tenant fees. Importantly, our pipeline and in process portfolio both set new highs this quarter, rising to $9.6 billion and $15.2 billion respectively. This growth was largely driven by fee based office and industrial work for blue chip occupier clients.  Investment management revenue grew 35% to 139 million fueled by a 29% increase in asset management fees, higher acquisition and disposition fees, carried interest, and favorable FX translation. Assets under management rose 18% versus the prior year to a new record of more than $129 billion. Stepping up the growth of this business has been a strategic focus, and we're pleased with our progress. The strong top line growth, coupled with careful expense management, drove operating profit growth of 38%. Lastly, Hana’s operating loss narrowed sequentially to 9 million. We expect the further narrowing of this loss going forward as all Hana sites are now operated by Industrious. And all Hana sites except for four legacy units are now owned by Industrious. The future financial impact of our Industrious stake, which will be mark-to-market as the value changes will be reflected in advisory.  On Slide 11, we'll look at our new qualitative outlook for the year. We now expect full year advisory sales and leasing revenue on a combined basis will likely approach 2019 levels with sales likely to moderately exceed prior peak and leasing likely to be roughly 15% or so shy of peak. We anticipate year-over-year sales and leasing revenue growth rates will likely moderate as we move further into the second half of the year when year-over-year comparisons will be tougher than in Q2 when activity last year was at a virtual standstill. As noted previously, Q3 leasing is off to a strong start where we continue to monitor the potential Delta variant impact on transaction volume. We've learned over the past 15 months, that office leasing is highly correlated with companies returning to the office. Given this, as we have started to see some U.S. based companies modestly delay return to office space, we believe there is a potential for this to impact the strong recovery we've seen quarter-to-date.  Across the rest of our advisory business, we expect revenue to rise in the low double digit range versus the high single digit growth we anticipated previously. We also expect our more robust advisory revenue projections will flow through into incremental margin expansion relative to our previous expectations. Moving to GWS, we are modestly raising our expectations for segment operating profits while maintaining our revenue forecast in the high single digit range. Net revenue is expected to slightly exceed this range. We're benefiting from a shift in service mix and exemplary cost discipline. As a result, we expect GWS segment operating profit to grow at around a high teens rate this year, a slight improvement from our previous expectations. Our updated GWS expectations include some incremental operating expense investments in the second half, and do not include any benefit from our announced Turner & Townsend transaction.  Looking at REI, we expect this segment to nearly double 2020s record high profitability. In investment management we expect revenue to surpass [Technical Difficulty] and profit to rise at least at a high teens rate from the 140 million achieved in 2020. We project development operating profit to more than double versus 2020, and to roughly triple its 2019 contribution of 122 million. They are developing product in strong markets and sectors with supportive fundamentals and have a solid pipeline for asset monetization. This is expected to translate into Q3 operating profits that are likely to be at least as high as Q2. Given the robust pipeline and in process activity, we are optimistic about the long-term trajectory of this business and expect it to be a meaningful contributor to our long-term growth.  Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue should significantly exceed the level achieved in 2019 even though we expect a modest uptick in corporate expenses, as compared to that year. The return of high margin sales revenue, the effects of last year's transformation initiatives, and strong development gains are drivers of the improved outlook. Overall, we now project our 2021 adjusted EPS to surpass our 2019 pre-pandemic peaks of $3.71 to have wider margin than we expected at the end of the first quarter. As usual, we will realize more than half our earnings in the second half, but given our year-to-date performance, those earnings will be slightly more weighted to the first half than they have been in most years.  Moving to Slide 12, over the last year we've allocated about $2 billion in total, including about $1.9 billion for capital expenditures, investments in sponsorships and partnerships, and M&A inclusive of our pending Turner & Townsend transactions, while returning cash to shareholders by buying back approximately $88 million of shares. Still net leverage remains modest at 0.2 times pro forma for the expected closing payment of the Turner & Townsend transaction. We have a significant capacity to invest in growth and diversification using our four pronged investment approach, convincing of sponsorships, partnerships, acquisitions, and building our own resources and capabilities. Our strong balance sheet, coupled with the strategic moves we've made over the last year and market leading position give us great confidence that we can deliver compelling and scalable growth for years to come.  Looking ahead, we believe we are firmly on track to achieve the growth aspiration we outlined in February, at least low double digit average annual earnings growth through at least 2025, absent a downturn with a meaningful upside from incremental capital allocation. With that operator please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Anthony Paolone with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. Good morning and welcome Emma to the mix here. My first question is just to clarify a comment you made about first half versus second half earnings. Is that to mean that the first half of 2021 will be greater than what you think the second half will be or just that the splits a little bit more even, if I understood the comment?
Emma Giamartino: It’s that the split will be a little bit more even. So the first half comp versus 2020 obviously is much easier than the second half. We are expecting a shift in our earnings to be more weighted, to move more towards the first half, so we still expect the majority of it to be in the second half.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, I understand. And then, on the leasing side, I guess that's not picked up as much as capital markets, but just interested in maybe your view as to whether it's just capital markets activity is surprised on the upside or if leasing is maybe under-performing expectations?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, I would say it's both. Capital markets is doing quite well. There is a huge amount of capital interested in commercial real estate, obviously aimed at certain asset classes, for instance, anything related to industrial distribution, multifamily data centers. There is a lot of capital aimed at those assets, lot of trading going on and obviously we're big in those arenas. So it's coming through in our numbers. As it relates to leasing, it's what it has been. There's a real uncertainty about how and when companies will go back to the office post COVID and as long as that overhang is out there, decisions will be made more slowly than they have been historically. Now, as you've seen over the past few months with the vaccination, more people were back in the office, more decisions were being made, commitments were being made, but we're -- I would say we can be certain about two things, we probably won't go back to where we were pre-COVID, but we'll definitively go back to a level that's far beyond what it has been in the past 15 months, right. The decision-making process around office space has just been extremely muted and that's not going to sustain once we get to the other side of COVID.
Anthony Paolone: Got it. Do you have a sense as to where your office leasing revenue ran in the second quarter versus say 2019 levels, because it seemed like a lot of the other areas are above?
Emma Giamartino: So office leasing revenue came down to 47% of our total leasing revenues globally and 2020 it was 54%. So it came down 7%. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay, got it. And then just last one from me on the investment activity, you've announced or completed so far this year, particularly as it relates to Turner & Townsend, can you get a sense as to like what the aggregate EBITDA contribution is likely to be from that, I know you gave some numbers with Turner & Townsend in terms of the trailing, just trying to understand if like you anticipate cost saves or forward growth, just trying to understand like what the pickup is likely to be for you all from the capital being put out the door?
Emma Giamartino: Yeah, so historically Turner & Townsend has shown very consistent mid-teens growth, both to net revenue and EBITDA. And through 2021, you probably saw their revenue was pretty flat. They only dropped 3% and EBITDA was up significantly. So going forward, we're expecting them to continue to hit those mid double digit revenue, mid-teens revenue and EBITDA but I will say that for 2022, we are expecting EBITDA to be in line with 2021 as costs come back in post COVID, even as revenue increases.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And anything substantial from the other investments you've made in terms of EBITDA contribution?
Emma Giamartino: No, we have done a few intel acquisitions for Industrious. We have not revalued that investment because it was the reason we expect to do that later that year. So you won't see any impact from Industrious this year. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay, great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning, and welcome Emma. I guess first question maybe for Bob, when you sort of looked at Turner & Townsend, I'm just wondering can you just sort of talk a little bit about how the contracts that they have are structured maybe more from just the length of contract and maybe contrast it to the contracts you have in the GWS business, it looks like there are EBITDA margins much higher than what you have in GWS, but I'm just trying to understand maybe the length of contract and the cyclicality of that business?
Bob Sulentic: That business has not been cyclical. As Emma said, they'd been a steady double-digit grower on the top and bottom line for the last decade. The nature of the projects they work on, and one of the things Steve that was so attractive about them are really benefiting from secular tailwinds. So they're doing stuff in the green energy arena, in the infrastructure arena. They're doing very large complex projects for corporates that span several years. So, the decision making that underpins those contracts with corporates on about what's going on in the current cycle, they're about what their long-term needs are. So we expect this to be an acquisition that contributes to the resiliency of our business. They operated at different margin level because they don't have the same level of pass throughs we do. For instance, one thing they don't do is principal contracting which we do which of course has big pass throughs. But they're doing some massive projects around the world. To give you an example, they're doing a hydro project in New South Wales in Australia. That will be the largest renewable project in the country of Australia ever. They're doing the -- they're working on the Virgin Hybrid listed so well known in India that's going to connect the big cities in India, that will go on for years and years and years. My guess is their role in that will grow over time. They're involved in the program management, then the ongoing cost management when they take on projects like this. So they're very resilient and they are a high margin company and they are real grower.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. So is it fair to say that contracts are at least as long, maybe longer than what you would typically see in your GWS business?
Bob Sulentic: Oh yeah, big complex projects like that last for years and years. I'll give you another example, they're working on a $6 billion redevelopment at the Toronto airport. Any of us that have gone to airports and seen these projects know they just, they go on for a long time. So yes, those contracts are very long-term.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. And then when you just sort of look at the balance sheet capacity that you've got, obviously very under levered, and you're looking to deploy capital. I mean, do you expect to sort of find other deals like Turner & Townsend or do you expect to do more small tuck-in acquisitions in the advisory business or on the development side, I'm just trying to get more of a strategic sense for where you'll deploy kind of the next large chunks of capital or is it more into buybacks, how do we think about that?
Emma Giamartino: Yeah. So we still have a very strong M&A pipeline. I think we are going to look to do more deals like Turner & Townsend, we will also continue to do our programmatic M&A through in sell. But I think you'll see a mix of both and our real focus is on finding targets that can really help push our strategy forward, our diversification strategy across asset types, business lines, client types, and geographies that Bob has talked about with all of you many times. And so we're going to look for strategic M&A, we're not going to force it. If we can't find the right opportunities, we'll obviously look to return cash to shareholders. 
Steve Sakwa: Got it. Thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. To what extent do you think that the surge in capital markets reflects prior transactions that perhaps either were postponed or put on hold, took longer to close things of that nature, just getting questions from investors about sustainability of the capital markets growth that you're seeing?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah Jade, there was some pent up demand that came through in the marketplace, but when you ask about capital markets in the real commercial real estate sector, you have to look at the alternative places capital can go. And as you know, there is a lot of capital around the world and prices are high in most asset classes, stocks, etcetera. And so real estate has proven to be a much better asset class over the last decade and there were certain portions, certain asset classes within real estate that appear to be particularly strong. And we've talked about them over and over multi-family, data centers, anything industrial, anything by the way in the office arena that are new high quality buildings with great tenants, especially tech tenants. There's a lot of capital for those buildings still. And so what you're seeing is a lot of capital out there in general, a considerable portion of it that’s concluded that commercial real estate is a good place to be and then some asset classes within commercial real estate that appear to be performing extremely well with lots of headway to continue to perform well. And so, there was a little pent-up demand coming through, but our view is that this is going to sustain for years.
Jade Rahmani: And can you talk to the mix perhaps across the overall revenue profile of CBRE today by property type, how much would be derived from office, how much would be from those other sectors that you've mentioned?
Emma Giamartino: So on the -- I gave some of the stats on leasing before. We're at 47% office globally, 32% industrial. On the sales side office is down to 18% and industrial is at 28%.
Jade Rahmani: The advisory services margin improvement was notable. I was wondering how much you think reflected the increased capital market mix and how much do you think relates to some costs that perhaps are running below normalized levels such as marketing spend, TME, things of that nature?
Emma Giamartino: I think it's a mix of both. We have some higher margin revenue coming on and then we do have some costs that are one-time in nature and we'll come back. But we think the majority of that margin is sustainable. 
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Paolone with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. I was just wondering if you could help on Trammell Crow and just the development business, if there's a way to put some sort of rule of thumb or guide first around, you build something for your clients, it gets monetized and you produce a dollar of profit, how much of that goes back on average to CBRE and then of that amount, how much goes into EBITDA after you pay your people?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah Tony, I'll talk about that. And it's very relevant to this structure we put in place by the way with Turner & Townsend. So, the Trammell Crow company model generally works the following way. When we generate earnings, there's two levels of compensation, commitment that go to our developers and those who manage our development business and that totals around 40% of the total profit that then gets -- the other 60% goes into our earnings. That's the way that works. So when you look at this Turner & Townsend model that we've now just executed on or we will close on later this year, very, very similar structure. One of the reasons we're so excited, Trammell Crow company has thrived subject to this structure. Within Turner & Townsend would thrive subject to the structure, very motivational to the professionals in the business, very aligning between the company and the professionals in the business. And you've seen the results, you've seen our profits now in Trammell Crow Company are over six times what they were pre-financial crisis when we bought that business.
Anthony Paolone: So, just to make sure I understand it, so like for instance, if Trammell Crow built a building for $100 and sells it for $130 and you get this $30 of profit, let's say, your institutional partners they get the bulk of that, like what piece that do you think goes to CBRE, is it like 20% or…?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it differs on -- some development deals we will do on balance sheet, not many, but some we will particularly if they have a user identified. And then we have various kinds of structures, but for the most part, if you look at the total project profit that comes out of a deal, maybe 30% of it comes to us sometimes more than that. And then we apply those splits that I just described between the company and the developers. 
Anthony Paolone: Got it, so that 30 then, the 40 goes to the people and 60 to the EBITDA?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Now, I will say this we do build the suits or we do fee deals, those are 100% company owned projects. There's no third-party capital associated with those typically. 
Anthony Paolone: I see. Okay, great. That's helpful to frame it with, given that you've laid out size of what's under construction of the pipeline, so that's real helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us. And we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to CBRE’s Q1 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kristyn Farahmand. Ms. Farahmand, you may begin.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBRE’s first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. First, I'll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter. Next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO and Leah Stearns, our CFO, will discuss our quarterly results and updated 2021 qualitative outlook. After their comments, we'll open up the call for questions. Before I begin, I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, including 2021 qualitative outlook and multiyear growth framework, operations, market share, capital deployment strategy and share repurchases, M&A and investment activity, financial performance, including profitability, expenses, margins, adjusted EPS in the effects of both cost savings initiatives in the COVID-19 pandemic and the integration and performance of acquisitions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, net revenue, and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanation of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Before we discuss the quarter, I'll briefly outline a few changes to our financial reporting, which are summarized in our earnings release as well. First, we now report all project management revenue in our GWS segment. Previously, a portion of our project management revenue was reported in the advisory segment. Next, all sales and leasing revenue is now reported in the advisory segment. We will no longer report sales and leasing revenue from GWS clients in the GWS segment. Including all sales and leasing revenue in the advisory segment had a more complete picture of transactional trends in our business. We have also established a fourth business segment where we will report corporate overhead expense and other financial impacts that are not specific to one of our three existing operational segment. This will provide greater transparency into our cost structure. Due to this change, we will utilizing segment operating profit to evaluate the profitability of our operating segments, which excludes the impact of corporate overhead. Additionally, we will replace our fee revenue metric with net revenue to account for the impact of pass-through reimbursement revenue. Net revenue will only excludes reimbursement revenue, that does not generate a margin for CBRE. We believe this will provide a clear view of our profitability profile, particularly in our GWS business. For this quarter, we have provided a bridge for legacy and revised financial metrics at our quarterly supplemental posted to the investor relations section of our website. Going forward, we will only be reporting these updated financial metrics. Now please turn to slide four, which highlights our first quarter 2021 results. Total revenue grew about 1% to a new first quarter record of over $5.9 billion, while net revenue fell 2% reflecting continued constraints transaction activity in advisory services. The quarter saw tangible benefit from both last year's transformation initiatives, which has improved our cost structure and operational agility and higher OMSR gains. In total, our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded about 200 basis points rising to 14.6% in line with our first quarter 2019 margin. Overall adjusted EPS grew 15% to $0.86, while GAAP EPS was 55% to $0.78. Importantly, GAAP EPS in the prior year first quarter included a $0.17 headwind from an asset impairment, which was in part related to the onset of the pandemic. The impairment was not included in adjusted EPS last year. Additionally, this quarter includes $0.11 benefit from venture fund investment gains and an accounting methodology change within our investment management business. Excluding unusual items in both periods, EPS was roughly flat with first quarter 2020 on an adjusted and GAAP basis. Now for deeper insights, please turn to slide six as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Kristyn, and good morning everyone. CBRE is off to a strong start in 2021. Our performance is being propelled by our long standing efforts to diversify our business across four key dimensions; property types, lines of business, geographic markets, and client types. Last quarter, we described in detail how this diversification has enhanced the resiliency of our business. This played out in several ways during the first quarter. Geographically, while activity in some markets notably the Americas remained muted. We saw solid growth in the United Kingdom, parts of continental Europe, Australia, Southeast Asia, and Greater China. Among business lines, mortgage origination and loan servicing, valuations, investment management, and facilities management flogged solid growth, offsetting a continued tepid sales and leasing environment. Industrial and data centers remain preferred property types. Our work in both property types grew robustly in the quarter fueled by booming demand for e-commerce and cloud-based services. Growth in these resilient property types helped to compensate for continued pressure on other property types, particularly office. Our client base is well diversified across the economy. In a quarter we won activity with clients and some industries was down from a year ago. We saw particular strength in our work for life sciences, and industrial and logistics companies, among others. The broad diversification of our business coupled with decisive actions in 2020 to reset our cost structure, underpinned our earnings growth for the quarter, and we expect to see continued benefits in the quarters and years ahead. For full year 2021, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to meaningfully surpass 2019 peak level with potential upside from discretionary capital deployment. Notably, our outlook for 2021 and beyond envision strong growth even with continued pressure on the office market. Clearly, that pressure remains very acute right now particularly in densely populated gateway cities, and will remain challenging for some time to come. However, we strongly believe the pressures on Office will recede from today's extreme levels, as vaccine rollouts continue, and companies settle into new normal work regimes. We expect our growth to be enhanced by capital deployment that is focused on sectors and business lines that are positioned to benefit significantly from secular growth trends. You saw evidence of this with our investment in industrious in the first quarter, which positions us to participate in the rising demand for flexible space solutions. And you can expect to see more evidence of it in future partnerships, sponsorships, and M&A activity. Now, Leah will tell you more about the quarter, our outlook and our capital deployment strategy. Leah?
Leah Stearns: Thanks, Bob. Turning to slide eight, segment, operating profit for advisory services was nearly flat despite a 5% net revenue decline. The revenue shortfall reflects continued pressure in high margin sales and leasing businesses, which we offset with discipline cost management, strong GSE servicing activity and elevated OMSR gains, as well as growth in the other advisory lines of business. Overall, our advisory segment operating profit margin expanded about 100 basis points compared with a year ago. Excluding the OMSR gains in both years, the margin improved 20 basis points to about 17.2%. As expected, global leasing revenue remained under pressure declining 17% due primarily to weak office leasing in the Americas. We did see modest sequential improvement in America's office leasing, as revenue fell 47% versus the 58% decline we experienced in the fourth quarter. Activity were stronger and other geographies and property types. For example, APAC leasing rose a healthy 11% as retail and industrial jumped 25% and 38%, respectively, while office was flat with a year ago. EMEA leasing grew 4% reflecting surging industrial demand, which outweighed moderate office and retail declines. Notably, China and Australia, where the pandemic remains well in check, have seen office occupancy return to pre-COVID levels, which has coincided with improving leasing trends in these markets. Advisory sales continued to improve sequentially declining just 9% versus the 16% decline in the fourth quarter. This improvement was paid by APAC or sales get just 2%, reflecting particularly robust retail and industrial activity. Americas and EMEA sales fell around 10% and 13% respectively, due primarily to sharply lower office sales. Excluding the sales and leasing business lines, net revenue rose 7% and comprise nearly half of the advisory segments Total net revenue. commercial mortgage origination revenue rose nearly 14% in the quarter, reflecting strong GSE lending including for affordable housing. This activity also reflects the benefit of continued strong refinancing and a pickup in construction activity. As a result of the strong pace of loan origination, our loan servicing portfolio increased 19% to nearly $285 billion, while servicing revenue rose over 21%. Valuation revenue was up 8%, activity was particularly strong in the Pacific region where valuation revenue increased over 35%. And finally, property management net revenue grew over 2%, primarily driven by expanded and new client relationships in APAC. This offset a modest decline in the U.S. as we exited a low margin contract and transferred a few accounts to our local facilities management business in GWS. Moving to slide nine, global workplace solutions revenue and net revenue edged up 4% and 1% respectively, on a net revenue basis facilities management Rose 4%, while project management decreased 7%. The decline in project management was driven by the legacy advisory project management business. Project work for these clients tends to be tied to space that out resulting from new leases, and that should improve as leasing markets recover. Revenue associated with GWS contractual clients was at moderately in the quarter. Modest top line growth coupled with continued discipline in cost management and the benefit of transformation initiatives undertaken in 2020, lead to segment operating profit growth of 42%. As we mentioned last year, Q1 did include an $11 million drag from the reduced scope of a client account, adjusting for this unique item, segment operating profit was still up 29%. Importantly, we have seen a meaningful ramp in our facilities management new business pipeline, and it now exceeds the year end 2019 level. The acceleration since year end has been broad based and diversified across geographies, industry sectors, notably life sciences, manufacturing and logistics, professional services and technology clients and among property types, including data centers, retail, office and manufacturing facilities. Turning to slide 10. Our real estate investment segment generated $61 million of segment operating profit, an $18 million increase from Q1, 2020. Investment management revenue grew 9% to $132 million. This revenue growth was fueled by a 16% increase in asset management fees generated by a strong growth in assets under management, which reached a new record level of over 124 billion, as well as stronger incentives and development fees, as well as co-investment gains. In addition, we recorded a $24 million benefit from an accounting change related to the valuation of unlisted assets, which should help reduce earnings volatility going forward. This partially offset lower carried interest which declined $14 million to about $5 million in the quarter. Operating profit for this business line rose to $69 million, an increase of over 200%. Development operating profit fell to $9 million. This decrease was primarily due to the timing of certain assets sales, which were particularly strong in the prior year first quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis, development operating profit has grown about 36% are in process development portfolio reached a new record at $15 billion. Importantly, three asset types that remain in strong demand, multifamily, industrial and healthcare. Plus office buildings that are at least 90% leased, comprise more than 80% of this portfolio. Our development pipeline also grew 11% from year end to $6.8 billion. Lastly, Hana's higher operating loss primarily reflects certain deal costs and software write-downs associated with the industrious transaction. We remain on course to close the increase in our industrial stake from 35% to 40%, during the second quarter. Turning to slide 11. Let's now take a look at our new qualitative outlook for the year. Transaction activity is improving more quickly than we initially anticipated. This is especially true for global property sales and leasing outside the Americas. As a result, we have raised our outlook for 2021 transaction revenue growth to the low double digit range. Earlier we had expected growth in the mid to high single digits. We expect the rebound and transaction revenue to be most pronounced in the second quarter, since we will be comparing against the most depressed levels of the pandemic. Across the rest of our advisory businesses, we continue to expect high single digit growth. We expect improved profitability as well given the revival of transaction revenue. For 2021, we anticipate our advisory segment operating profit margin on net revenue will slightly surpass the 19.7% pre-pandemic peak achieved in 2019. Moving to GWS. We are raising our expectations for segment operating profit, while maintaining our revenue forecasts in the high single digit range. We are benefiting from exceptional cost discipline, which we believe will allow us to reverse certain temporary expense cuts more slowly than originally anticipated. As a result, we now expect GWS segment operating profit to grow in the mid to high teens range this year. Looking at REI, we expect this segment to build on its record profitability contribution in 2020, with both investment management and development poised for sharply improved performance. In investment management, we expect revenue to slightly surpass 2020's $475 million, with continued increases in recurring revenue being offset by lower carried interest. We expect this business lines profitability, which totaled $140 million in 2020 to rise from that level at a mid to high teens pace. We project U.S. development profit to rise by more than 30% compared with last year's $150 million level. Our improved outlook reflects a strong pace of monetization and higher property valuations than we originally projected. Our in-process portfolio continues to grow with an emphasis on warehouse and distribution space. For our U.K. multifamily development business, we expect the pace of construction to pick up as COVID restrictions lift and reiterate our earlier expectations for this business. Profitability is expected to be about $15 million higher than the $3 million generated in 2020. Due to our improved revenue outlook and the benefit of transformation initiatives completed last year, we expect our adjusted EBITDA margin on net revenue to modestly exceed the 14% level achieved in 2019. This includes an expected uptick in corporate expenses, primarily related to higher performance based stock compensation and certain OpEx investments for growth initiatives. All in, as Bob indicated, we now expect our 2021 adjusted EPS to meaningfully surpass our pre-pandemic peak at $3.71, achieved in 2019, with potential upside from capital allocation activities. The anticipated growth for this year is likely to be significantly above the trend line, we provided in our long term aspirational outlook last quarter. Flipping to slide 12, we retained significant financial capacity to accelerate long term growth, while also returning cash to our shareholders. We believe that we have significantly reduced the volatility of our financial results and enhance free cash flow potential. The record free cash flow we generated in 2020 combined with the prudent way we manage our balance sheet ahead of the crisis, positions us to deploy capital as economic conditions improve. Our efforts have already begun. So far this year, we've invested about $200 million on capital expenditures, M&A, and partnership investments, while buying back approximately $88 million of shares, including $64 million in the first quarter. We have a strong M&A pipeline and expect to continue programmatic share repurchases. However, given our strong balance sheets and free cash flow generation, it is highly unlikely we will approach the high end of our target leverage range within our current long term planning period, absent a transformational investment. In closing, we are optimistic about our outlook for 2021 and beyond. We have a strong industry leadership position and management team. well diversified business, loyal client base and the capital structure to fund future growth and optimize shareholder return. And with that, operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you, and good morning. My first question is, I didn't catch all of Kristyn's opening comments. And I think there was some mention about flat EPS maybe year-over-year, because of some changes in the impact there. Can you touch on that again? I just want to make sure I understand the baseline and what changed?
Leah Stearns: Sure. Anthony, it's Leah. Kristyn has just outline. There were some unique items in Q1 from last year, as well as this year. The key drivers are really an impairment that we had last year for GAAP EPS. And then, in the first quarter, we did have an accounting change in global investors related to our fair value accounting around our co-investment balances. We also had venture capital gains that was one time in nature in the first quarter this year. And so those items have basically offset each other.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Does the change in the valuation items in REI that you did in the first quarter. Does that change how we should think about the profits of that business just on a run rate basis? Like, does that add to the 2020, 2021 full year?
Leah Stearns: It is. It was something that we expected. It was an anticipated accounting change when we came into the year that we were going to implement in Q1. And it is something that will actually reduce the volatility of that earnings stream within our investment management business going forward. We're basically going to be marketing to market our unlisted co-investment balances. And therefore, instead of having one large gain at the end of the period costs, you're going to see us mark that to market every quarter.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And so, is there a way to frame that for the full year 2021 at this point? Or you've got it fully marked as of the first quarter and it's just from here, you'll make changes?
Leah Stearns: That's exactly right. From here, we'll make changes fully marked.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, understand. Then same question. Last year, you outlined a lot of different cost saves. And now you change some of the presentation here. Is there a way to put that into the framework, understand where you are on that right now? What was achieved in the first quarter? And what's left to see over the remainder of the year?
Leah Stearns: Absolutely. I would say in terms of how we're presenting the information. There's not a real material shift in terms of where the benefits of the cost management actions are flowing through the business. The advisory segment continues to be the area where we've made the lion share of the overall cost reduction. So that's 60% of our cost actions are benefiting advisory. Next to that is GWS, where we've got about 30%. And then the rest is between REI and our corporate segments. In terms of this first quarter though, on a net basis, I'll talk a little bit about -- we have run rate cost savings. Now we do have some temporary costs coming back like compensation that's performance based, and accrued based on that. We had about $24 million of benefit and advisory on a net basis, and about $14 million of benefit in GWS with the rest, basically, about a million or so across REI and corporate. So again, the vast majority of the overall benefit in Q1 was an advisory and our reporting segment, modifications haven't really altered the mix of where that's going to impact the business going forward.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So that's about $40 million that you achieved in the first quarter. What should we expect over the balance of the year?
Leah Stearns: Yes. So in terms of for the full year, we think there will be a little over $110 million of savings. And this is all on a net basis. So when you close that up, we have taken out about just shy of $90 million in the first quarter and right around $250 million of incremental costs year-over-year on a runway basis.
Anthony Paolone: Got it. Okay. And then just moving more towards the business side of things. As you will get through the strength and life sciences, data centers, industrial that stuff, can the growth in those areas, longer term offset any diminution in office?
Leah Stearns: We do expect that the diversification not just across asset types, but across our geographies will also be important. So as we think about just surging demand for warehouse, industrial distribution, life sciences, as well as digital infrastructure, those are certainly helping to mitigate the acute declines that we're seeing across office. So, I do think that that is a key part of the overall story for CBRE. And the fact that we have positioned ourselves to be aligned with those very important areas of demand in the market today. And then also, given the fact that APAC was early on in terms of the impacts related to COVID, we are seeing the regions of the world that has kind of come through this and manage through COVID quite well or effectively, or we're early on the onset of COVID. Those are really back in terms of strong performance. And we're starting to see the recovery take shape in places like the U.K., Continental Europe and U.S.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then lastly, can you just comment on the transaction environment for acquisitions, you've talked about it for several quarters, you made the industrious investment. Just wondering about the size and pipeline of potential deals over the balance of the year?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. We have a substantial M&A pipeline and pipeline of alternatives or investment opportunities that we would characterize more as sponsorship type opportunities where we could invest in a company and then help that company be more successful and it would be on its own. We've done a lot of strategy work to determine the areas of our business that we want to make investments in because we think they will benefit in a secular way. Leah had just outlined a bunch of that for you. So you should expect to see us make some very nice investments over the coming months, that would be secondarily favored, and CBRE would be able to help those investments perform well. I will say that we're going to be very careful. We're not going to be feeling pressure to push money out the door just because we have it. We do think that there will be opportunities.
Anthony Paolone: It sounds like less on the side of operating intensive things like traditional type transactions, more of sort of the industrial style deals?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Some of both, and also some incremental investment in our real estate investment business. We do a lot in the industrial area, for instance, and we think there's incremental opportunities to invest there.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. I was wondering if on a per share basis, there's any way to quantify what you might consider unusual items. Was it just the REI accounting change of perhaps around $0.05 per share or were there additional items?
Leah Stearns: So Jade, in terms of the venture capital and the REI accounting change, those, as well as some prior period items, I would say, you got about $0.06 each related to the VC and the accounting change. And then we did have -- in the prior year period, we didn't have that impairment related to the COVID impacts across parts of our business. So that was reflected in the prior period.
Jade Rahmani: And just looking at the changes to definition of net revenue, would fee revenue growth have been similar around four -- down 4.4% on a local currency basis for the first quarter?
Leah Stearns: We've provided a bridge for you in terms of the overall fee to net basis. It was pretty much in line. There wasn't a major swing there.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks. In terms of the GSE multifamily volumes, they've surged so far this year, up I believe over 50%. And I think you also pointed out the margin benefit from the MSR gain. Have you seen any slowdown in GSEs multifamily originations. Your rates were lower early in the year. And I think the mix of refi transactions was above the normal rate. So are you expecting the volume growth in that business to slow?
Leah Stearns: Well, that's really driven, again, by market conditions. So if you look at our margin performance for the year, yes, OMSR certainly helps. But even if you back out OMSRs just before I get into the volumes on the GSEs, I think it's important to note that we actually saw margin expansion ex OMSRs. So that's really important. As it relates to the GSEs, their caps are coming down this year. So we may see some attenuation in terms of overall liquidity in that market. But again, their mandate is liquidity. So we'll see how they respond to the overall market conditions. The benefit to our business, though, is about the mix of where we're seeing that activity come from. And in the quarter, we did have more of a volume coming from Fannie as opposed to Freddie and that that certainly helps from a margin perspective, given the fact that we do have a risk share there on the Fannie side. So overall, it'll really depend, unfortunately, Jade with respect to how that that activity comes in, and we don't actually influence, that it's really a market driven outcome.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. Thanks very much. I've gotten some questions on the potential Biden administration changes on the 1031 exchange, and was wondering if you've looked at either what percentage of your transaction volume is in that marketplace could be impacted? And just overall, your thoughts around how that could impact the market?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, we have paid attention to that. And it is -- this is not the first time its arisen. So first of all, it's not certain that will happen. But we're watching it closely. I think we have to put in perspective, what part of our business that impacts so it impacts the sales businesses, the real estate asset sales business here in the U.S. And we think it impacts about 10% of the U.S. sales activity across markets, that's not a CBRE comment. So that's the portion of our business that might be impacted. Our view is that if it were to happen, and not be retroactive for the foreseeable future, it would be a plus for transaction volumes, because people would be in the market trying to get deals done. In the longer run, given the magnitude of it relative to our whole business and the area to which it's contained geographically and line of business wise, we think it will not have a material impact on our earnings prospects currently, or in the longer term as we've laid them out for you.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. And lastly, one of your peers that made an investment in a single family for rent platform. Wondering if you have any thoughts on the attractiveness of that sector and if it's something CBRE might pursue?
Bob Sulentic: We're always looking for new opportunities that are kind of within the boundaries of what we do. And again, keeping in mind, we think of our business in those four dimensions that we talked about property type, line of business, client type and geography, we're scanning the horizon constantly for new opportunities. And we don't talk in advance of when we execute those new opportunities, Jade, what we might do. That's not an area that we're active in, though.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Skidmore: Good morning. Bob, you mentioned in your prepared comments about the new normal work regime and in office, you talk about what you expect that new normal to be in office based on your clients conversations. And I believe and maybe a prior call, you talked about office being at 85% versus pre-pandemic. Can you just maybe update your view there? Thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Not a lot new to our view. We are intensely engaged with occupiers here in the U.S. and around the world. We believe that office will never be quite what it was prior to the pandemic. But we also believe it will be very different than it is today. The 85% that we talked about before is kind of still what we believe. By the way, if you're paying close attention to the press, and what individual companies are saying, most of the outlier comments coming in now have the flavor of, well, our people are really getting wary, and our people really need to get back together. And we really need to focus on culture. And we really need to focus on bringing new people on. So while our view hasn't changed, our conviction around the notion that it'll -- that people will get back to the office in a dramatically different way than they are today has probably grown. There will certainly be a hybrid scenario where there'll be some work from home, some work from flex space, and then of course, some work from offices. We think the configuration of offices will change, and that'll create some real opportunity for us to do work for our clients. But largely, our view is what it was 60 days ago when we reported our yearend earnings, Rick.
Rick Skidmore: Great, thanks. Thanks, Bob, for that. And just to follow up. Few of the office company, and one of the data providers has talked about traffic picking up on the office side in terms of just leasing insurance. Are you seeing that in your pipeline? Or is that -- and what would be driving that? Is that people looking for expansion space? Is it just tenants just rotating space and hydrating? Any comments there?
Bob Sulentic: We're certainly seeing the pickup in activity, and it's everything, it's people finally coming to grips with the fact that the vaccine is working here and these are U.S. comments. The vaccine is working. The disease is dissipating. And people are moving back toward more normal circumstances in many ways. And returning to the office is one of them. So it's pick up in every kind of thing you can imagine. And it's going to be different second half of the year than it is now.
Rick Skidmore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Funk with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Funk: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the questions. Just to follow on that last one. Thinking about return to work, most clients delaying or pushing out longer term leasing decisions until after employees return to work? Or based on your conversations do they already have a sense of what they're going to need in terms of office space and are they entering into new leases? Or do we expect it to be mostly renewals for the remainder of the year?
Bob Sulentic: It's a mixed bag, Michael. It depends. As some companies are aggressively out in the market, trying to execute plans now and others are waiting. And so, I wouldn't be able to characterize it as one thing across the board for these big occupiers we work with. I think the trend is more and more of them are deciding to have to address it. I will I will tell you one thing that we believe is going to happen. Better quality buildings with better infrastructure, better HVAC systems, better circulation around the building, better elevator systems, et cetera, are going to be in more demand as a result of this circumstance for very obvious reasons. And we think there is some chance that as we get later in the year and early next year, there could be real focus on those buildings and we'll pick up an activity.
Michael Funk: Back to the tax question. I appreciate the comments in the 1031 exchanges. But are you seeing real time impact now from the sellers maybe accelerating the timeframe for their sales, just in anticipation of any kind of changes in tax laws. Is that affecting the sales activity?
Leah Stearns: We certainly have seen that happen before, Michael. I would say, this year we are seeing activity around 1031 exchanges continue to be healthy. So it is a phenomenon that we have seen play out before. And even at the end of last year, when there was some speculation that there would be tax reform in 2021, we did see some transactions come through in the fourth quarter, and that sometimes drives some of the seasonality that we see in the fourth quarter. But it's just a small portion of that.
Michael Funk: Yes. Thank you. Maybe one more if I could. Just thinking about M&A, are there specific regions of interest? You highlighted that geography diversification certainly helped? And is helping your results? Are there other regions of interest maybe where you feel that you don't have a large enough footprint or might want to get bigger that would help with that diversification?
Bob Sulentic: We have across our M&A strategy. product types, we're interested in, lines of business, we're interested in, geographies we're interested in more than others, for sure, on each of those dimensions. And I wouldn't spike out anything specific, Michael, just because of the confidential nature of M&A. But I think you can be confident that again, across each of those dimensions, we have favored things we would like to get done. But we're very, very open to opportunities that aren't necessarily in the more favored areas. But we do have things retargeting.
Michael Funk: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, what do you think is driving the stronger improvement in leasing and capital market trends outside of the U.S. than within the U.S.? Is that mostly due to the different progressions with the pandemic? Or are there some other notable factors to consider?
Leah Stearns: I think it really, at least what we've seen so far, it really is driven by where economies or our restrictions around mobility has been lifted and have been reopened. So for example, in China and Australia we see office occupancy is pretty much back to pre COVID pre-pandemic levels. And those are certain markets where we are seeing return in terms of demand that is corresponding with that. So I think it really is driven by the ability for businesses to get back to normal, and for transactions to really play out. And obviously, in some of those markets we're lapping or seeing comparable financial results versus really the initial downtick for those areas as well. So we are seeing nice growth come back because of that.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. That's helpful. And then, Trammell Crow's expansion into Europe. I guess, what could that mean for the development business over the next few years? And how are you thinking more broadly about expanding into new countries and regions for both Trammell Crow and for Telford on the development side?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Steven, we have an extremely strong development brand and franchise. We have a lot of capital available to us from third parties that want to invest in that business. And we have a deep knowledge of where we think development opportunities will occur because of our advisory business and the feet on the street, so to speak around the world across product types. For the longest time, we were hesitant to expand outside the United States. But the success of that business grew so much in the last decade, the interest of our Capital Partners grew so much. We took the step with Telford a couple of years ago. We're extremely pleased with that. And because of that, and because of the relationships on the advisory side, and because of the demands of our Capital Partners, we decided to take this step with industrial development across Europe. And you should expect to see more of that kind of expansion over time, very thoughtful, very careful, but more of that over time. And we think we're -- it's one of those opportunities that we think we're really well positioned to take advantage of. It's an opportunity to expand our services capability. It's an opportunity to expand the footprint of things that we might invest capital into as well.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question and answer session. I will now turn the call over to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us. And we'll talk to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to CBRE’s Q4 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kristyn Farahmand, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone and welcome to CBRE’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning’s call will be as follows. First, I will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter. Next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO and Leah Stearns, our CFO, will discuss our fourth quarter results and expectations for the future. After their comments, we will open up the call for questions. Before I begin, I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, including 2021 outlook and multiyear growth framework, operations, market share, capital deployment, financial performance, including profitability, margins and the effects of both cost savings initiatives in COVID-19 and the integration and performance of acquisitions and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning’s earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, fee revenue, certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanation of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Now please turn to Slide 4, which highlights our fourth quarter 2020 and full year financial results. During the fourth quarter, total revenue and fee revenue fell about 3% and 7% respectively driven by constrained transaction activity in Advisory Services. Lower revenue was more than offset by prudent cost management and the continued benefit of transformation initiatives that improved both our cost structure and operational agility. Overall, adjusted EPS grew nearly 10% to $1.45. GAAP EPS of $0.93 includes around $0.28 of transformation initiative costs. Importantly, GAAP EPS in the prior year fourth quarter included a $0.67 tax benefit, primarily from legal entity restructuring. Excluding these unusual items in both periods, GAAP EPS would have been up slightly compared with the fourth quarter of 2019. Now for insights on results and our longer term strategy, please turn to Slide 6 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Kristyn and good morning everyone. As you have seen, we ended 2020 on a high note with adjusted EPS for the quarter reaching an all-time high and adjusted EBITDA growing 9%. This capped a year of significant challenges stemming from COVID, but also one that brought to the forefront CBRE’s competitive advantages, our ability to capture often overlooked industry opportunities and the resiliency we’ve built into the business over the past decade. This resilience has allowed us to offset the steep decline in sales and lease transactions and the pandemic’s unique effects on the office market. Today, CBRE is more diversified than ever before across four key dimensions: property types, lines of business, geographic markets and clients. A few examples will bring definition to this. While office remains an important property type for us, its negative effects have been tempered by our large and growing presence in industrial, data centers and multi-family. Leasing is a key line of business for us that has been under pressure. However, other lines of business, such as GSE financing, investment management and facilities management, have all continued to grow. Geographically, New York, London and San Francisco are key markets for us, but our presence in Asia is robust and growing and our significant activity in Europe and second-tier U.S. markets has held up relatively well. We serve many clients that have been negatively impacted by COVID, but do a huge amount of business with technology, life science and other clients that have thrived over the past year. Reflecting how large companies increasingly rely on CBRE, nearly 90% of our 100 largest clients purchased four or more services in 2020, up from less than a quarter a decade ago. Our broad diversification across these four key dimensions has served us well compared with prior downturns. Adjusted EPS fell 12% in 2020. We expect earnings to rise to near peak profitability this year, the second year of the downturn and continue up from there. By comparison, during the great financial crisis, we suffered a more than 80% peak to trough decline and adjusted earnings per share did not return to the prior peak for 8 years. We are exiting the worst of the COVID crisis in great shape. Our strengths include a leaner operating structure, significant financial capacity and a strategy squarely aimed at the many opportunities unfolding in our industry, including those with secular tailwinds. We have built our long-term plan on the assumption that office demand remains under pressure due to a lasting increase in remote working and occupiers’ needs for greater flexibility in space obligations. This is reflected in our base case forecast, which nevertheless expects us to achieve a minimum of low double-digit average annual adjusted EPS growth through at least 2025, absent a recession. This forecast is driven by organic growth and deploying capital, notably in M&A and real estate investments with meaningful upside potential from additional capital deployment. We expect to achieve this strong growth while continuing to evolve our business as we reduce contributions from lower secular growth business lines and increase our focus on areas that have higher secular growth profiles. One growth area we are particularly high on is flexible office space. We identified this sector as an opportunity 3 years ago and have been building our Hana business expressly to meet rapidly rising demand from occupiers and investors. Our investment in Industrious now aligns this with an exceptional operator and outstanding leadership team that is executing a great strategy. With more than 100 units in 50 markets, Industrious enables us to participate in the flex space opportunity at scale and contribute meaningfully to Industrious’ expansion. Now, Leah will discuss the quarter and our outlook for 2021.
Leah Stearns: Thanks Bob. Turning to Slide 8, our Advisory Services segment fee revenue and adjusted EBITDA declined about 13% and nearly 8% respectively. These declines are mostly attributable to continued weakness in high-margin sales and leasing businesses. This was partially offset by disciplined cost management and strong performance by the rest of our advisory businesses, which in combination grew revenue nearly 11%. Overall, our advisory adjusted EBITDA margin expanded about 120 basis points compared to a year ago. This margin benefited from cost optimization efforts and 210 basis points from substantially higher OMSR gains than in last year’s fourth quarter. Global leasing revenue declined about 28%, as occupiers around the world continue to defer leasing decisions due to the pandemic. For the U.S., Continental Europe and the UK, which together comprise about 78% of global leasing, revenue decreased 36%, 18% and 6%, respectively. The UK again benefited from particularly strong industrial activity in the quarter, which helped offset subdued demand for office space. The continued growth of e-commerce drove industrial leasing revenue increases of 20% globally and 24% in the Americas. We are also seeing greater resilience among U.S. leasing transactions generating less than $1 million of revenue, which were down just 25% versus a decline of over 60% for those over $1 million. Advisory sales improved notably from Q3, but remained 15% below Q4 2019 levels. The Americas and APAC regions saw sequential improvement, paced by the U.S., where advisory sales revenue fell just 5% in Q4 compared with nearly 39% in Q3. Strength in the Americas reflected both U.S. market share gains of 90 basis points to nearly 19% and relatively strong industrial and multi-family transactional activity. Looking more closely at our activity with office assets underscores the benefits of our geographic diversification. In the Americas, office sales and leasing revenue fell over 50% compared to declines of around 30% for each in EMEA and 17% for sales and 20% for leasing in APAC. Commercial mortgage origination revenue rose 49% in the quarter, reflecting a surge in GSE lending, particularly targeted at affordable housing. This activity also reflects the benefit of continued strong refinancing and loan sales activity. As a result of the strong pace of loan originations, our loan servicing portfolio grew 17% to $269 billion, while servicing revenue grew nearly 25%. Valuation revenue grew about 4%, reflecting increased assignments for investor clients, particularly in Continental Europe, North Asia and Pacific. Finally, Advisory Property and Project Management together, declined about 4%. Property Management fee revenue grew just over 1%, while advisory project management declined 12%, as demand from U.S. public sector and industrial clients partially offset a steep decline in office. Notably, we completed 18% fewer projects than in the last year’s fourth quarter, while the margin on these projects improved. We expect Project Management to benefit from pent-up demand as economies reopen and business activity normalizes. Turning to Slide 9, our Global Workplace Solutions segment posted 3% fee revenue growth as a 7% increase in both Facilities and Project Management offset a steep decline in GWS transactional revenue. Despite limited transaction revenue in the fourth quarter our GWS adjusted EBITDA margin expanded over 350 basis points to nearly 18%, marking our third consecutive quarter of record profitability. GWS margins continued to benefit from lower discretionary spending and structural changes to the cost base. While our new business pipeline remains solid, COVID restrictions continue to hamper new GWS client onboarding. We expect GWS growth to gain momentum in the middle part of this year as the economy continues to reopen. Despite these recent operational challenges, we expect our GWS business to continue benefiting from greater diversification across client sectors and property types. For example, our focus on specialized services for life sciences and healthcare assets resulted in a 240 basis point increase in revenue contribution from these clients in these sectors in 2020. In addition, our data center services business delivered notably strong revenue growth in 2020. Turning to Slide 10, our real estate investment segment achieved $110 million of adjusted EBITDA, a $68 million increase from the prior year Q4. Investment management adjusted EBITDA rose over 228% to nearly $53 million. This reflected continued strong growth in assets under management, which reached a new record at nearly $123 billion, driving 15% growth in asset management fees. Importantly, just 20% of total AUM is invested in office, while industrial and logistics comprise our largest investment. Additionally, carried interest surged to $31.5 million versus just $9.7 million in the prior year quarter primarily as a result of the disposition of a retail property portfolio in South Korea. Development adjusted EBITDA rose to over $67 million, reflecting an elevated level of industrial asset sales in the quarter. Our in-process development portfolio continued to grow driven by strong demand from industrial clients, reaching a new record at $14.9 billion. Importantly, fee development and build-to-suit projects comprise more than half of this in-process portfolio, offering greater visibility and predictability into our future development earnings. Lastly, Hana’s adjusted EBITDA loss of over $10 million was slightly more than that in Q3. Hana’s results were impacted by the pandemic and the cost of building out new units. As Bob detailed earlier, we expect demand for flexible solutions to ramp up as the pandemic recedes and occupiers act on their desire for optionality in their real estate portfolios. Our investment and partnership with Industrious positions us to capitalize on this opportunity. Turning to Slide 11, we have ended 2020 with record free cash flow generation, a healthy balance sheet and considerable financial capacity. During 2020, free cash flow increased 68% to nearly $1.6 billion. This was partially driven by lower working capital required by our GWS business as new client onboarding slowed from a particularly strong pace in 2019. We expect this to modestly reverse as client onboarding accelerates. Nevertheless, we will benefit from improved cash management processes and our cost optimization efforts, which generated savings of around $120 million in 2020. Structural cost changes are expected to deliver over $100 million of incremental savings in 2021, even after accounting for the reversal of certain actions that were temporary in nature. These changes will enable us to pursue OpEx investments to enhance growth, while preserving strong profitability. We managed our balance sheet prudently heading into the downturn. This, coupled with the strong cash flow generation, enabled us to end 2020 with a net cash position and $4.6 billion of liquidity. Turning to Slide 12, while considerable uncertainty remains, we expect our business’ resiliency and the world’s continued progress in mitigating the pandemic to benefit our 2021 results. While transaction revenue has been weak, we have fared much better than in prior downturn due to the broad diversification of both deal sizes and property types. During 2021, we expect continued growth in industrial and multi-family transactions as well as a modest rebound in retail leasing to offset continued pressure in the office market. Within office, we anticipate quicker leasing improvement outside of the Americas. Overall, we expect transactional revenue growth in the mid to high single-digits for the full year 2021. From a sequential standpoint, we expect the sales and leasing revenue decline on a combined basis in Q1 relative to prior year to be similar to the pullback we saw in Q4 of 2020. The transactional revenue should begin to rebound in Q2, particularly since by then, we will be comparing against the depressed levels of the pandemic’s first month. Across the rest of advisory, we expect high single-digit revenue growth, with property management and mortgage origination leading the gains. We expect modest margin improvement in advisory this year, reflecting this revenue growth and the full year effects of cost optimization partially offset by the reversal of some temporary cost savings measures we imposed during the depth of the crisis as well as select investments. Moving to GWS, we expect revenue to rise in the high single-digit range this year, with slightly better growth in adjusted EBITDA. The relaxation of COVID restrictions should enable faster client onboarding and catalyze GWS growth across project management and facilities management. Because of this, we expect sequential improvement in our GWS growth as we move through 2021, with the rate expected to accelerate to low double-digits by year end. We believe this growth rate can be sustainable on a multiyear basis. Looking at REI, we expect this segment to build on its record-breaking adjusted EBITDA contribution in 2020, with both investment management and development poised for compelling performance. In investment management, we expect revenue to approximate 2020’s $475 million level, with continued increases in recurring revenue being offset by lower carried interest. We expect adjusted EBITDA to rise in the mid to high single-digit range compared with the $125 million contributed in 2020. This reflects some operating leverage as well as some incremental operating expense investments to enhance future growth. We project U.S. development adjusted EBITDA to rise in the mid single-digit range from the $142 million generated this year. Our in-process portfolio continues to grow, reflecting increased appetite for warehouse and distribution space. We also envision targeted investments this year to expand our geographic reach, deepen our position in growth sectors, and accelerate future growth, including a new initiative to launch an industrial and logistics development capability in Continental Europe. We are seeing tremendous demand from U.S. based capital partners and occupiers for logistics facilities across Europe and are assembling an experienced team under the highly regarded Trammell Crow Company brand to meet this exploding demand. For our UK multi-family development business, we expect the pace of construction to pickup as COVID restrictions lift. As a result, we are forecasting this business to produce around $15 million more in adjusted EBITDA than the $3 million contribution it generated in 2020. All-in, we expect our 2021 adjusted EPS to approach our pre-pandemic peak achieved in 2019, with some potential upside from our capital allocation activity. Turning to Slide 13, our track record over the last decade and notably over the last 12 months, has proven the resiliency of CBRE’s business and provides the foundation for enduring average annual earnings growth about a minimum low double-digits through at least 2025, with meaningful upside potential from additional capital allocation. We expect to further enhance our organic earnings growth through a combination of investments and capital returns to shareholders. Given our diversified business mix, we expect strong organic growth in key parts of our business to more than offset lower demand for office space as hybrid work models result in smaller corporate footprint. We see growth opportunities through increasing broker recruiting, digital and technology investment and principal and co-investment activity in our REI segment. A good example of this is our co-investment through CBRE Global Investors into private infrastructure programs, which is an area we expect will benefit from secular growth tailwinds. Initiatives like the SPAC sponsorship and Industrious investment, which partners us with an industry leader in flexible workspaces, can further jumpstart our growth while offering younger, developing companies the benefit of aligning with CBRE’s extensive platform capabilities. Finally, we intend to dynamically allocate our capital, while preserving our investment grade credit ratings to deliver the best risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. To this end, we view our shares as an attractive investment if we are unable to identify enough strategic acquisition opportunities at attractive valuations. We intend to resume our programmatic repurchase program and we will seek to repurchase shares as our financial capacity and valuation allows. We will provide progress updates annually as we pursue this multiyear growth framework. With that, please turn to Slide 14 and I will turn the call back over to Bob for some closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Leah. Before we take your questions, I want to briefly touch on CBRE’s approach to environmental, social and governance issues. We know from our interactions with you that ESG is extremely important to our shareholders as well as our clients and our people. CBRE is determined to set the pace for our sector on ESG issues, particularly sustainability and diversity. Making measurable progress is one of my personal performance objectives for the year. When it comes to diversity, CBRE’s commitment begins at the top. Our 12-person Board of Directors includes 3 women and 4 diverse men. Of the 13 executives who report to me, 5 are diverse. These direct reports include Tim Dismond, who is named Chief Diversity Officer last year. We have just expanded Tim’s role to Chief Responsibility Officer and are bringing together all aspects of ESG, environmental sustainability, workplace safety and well-being, philanthropy and public affairs as well as diversity and inclusion under his leadership. One notable commitment is the use of our massive supply chain to advance diversity by spending $3 billion annually with minority and women-owned businesses by 2025. Accelerating our progress with recruiting and developing diverse team members remains a core focus. We are making steady progress as reflected in our earning a place on both the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index and the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index in late January. We have also been recognized for our leadership in sustainability. For example, CBRE is the only commercial real estate services provider to land on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. We are determined to make further gains. Late last year, we committed the science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets with the goal of cutting our emissions by more than two-thirds by 2035. We also pledged to make similarly ambitious reductions in the properties and facilities we manage for clients. As the world’s largest manager of commercial properties, CBRE can play an outsized role in helping to limit the rise in global temperatures, improve the efficiency and sustainability of building operations, while benefiting our shareholders given the heightened demand for sustainability services. This is not only good for the planet it is simply good business practice. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning. Leah and Bob, I was just wondering if you could maybe touch on I guess it’s on Slide 11, it’s the second bullet point where you talk about sort of accelerating future growth and rebalancing the portfolio. I am just trying to get a little bit more sort of understanding, is that sort of code for leasing and sales should come down sort of as percentages of the overall business and things like REI and GWS should be growing? Are there other things we should be thinking about as you talk about rebalancing?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Steve. This gets back to the notion of us operating in a huge industry and having flexibility across four dimensions to adjust where we allocate our capital and focus the energies of our management team. So to repeat those four dimensions, it’s product type, for instance, industrial versus office, etcetera. It’s line of business, for instance, leasing versus project management versus facilities management. It’s geographic spread and of course, it’s client type. We have done a ton of strategic work over the last year in response to COVID and the crisis has caused us to really get focused on what parts of our business are going to be accelerated given the current circumstance and the likely circumstance over the next few years and what parts are going to be under pressure. We have got a management team that’s very well equipped to adjust focus and we got a balance sheet with lots of capacity to help us drive that adjustment to our focus. And yes, we believe that we will be moving in the direction of elements of our business across those four dimensions that have secular advantage or at least neutral as it relates to being resilient. And Leah can talk to you more about that. But we have really doubled down in thinking that way as it relates to our balance sheet and using the $4 billion of capacity we have. Leah, you want to add to that?
Leah Stearns: No, I would just add, Steve, that from my perspective, this is really about ensuring that we are seeking to achieve the best total return from the investments that we make. And as we think about that, we will continue to evaluate our capital deployment strategy along the lines of ensuring that the returns that we seek are at or better than those presented by simply buying our stock back. So, ensuring that we are investing in areas where we will accelerate growth for the business. And as Bob just outlined, that is certainly aligned around our four dimensions of diversification as well as areas of secular tailwinds.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then I guess the second question sort of maybe piggybacks on that last statement just about the capital deployment, because I think you said in your comments that you would also look to maybe reinstitute a more programmatic share buyback, but I know you didn’t buyback stock in the fourth quarter. So, just given the surge in the stock price, but obviously, earnings are clearly trending in the right direction. I guess how are you weighing the investment opportunities versus kind of the share buyback?
Leah Stearns: Absolutely. We have a programmatic program. We have about $350 million remaining under our existing authorization. We will resume programmatic repurchases in the first quarter subject to meeting our valuation targets. And we look at that as the fact that we are currently in a net cash position and we believe we have ample liquidity to pursue both our M&A pipeline as well as begin returning capital back to shareholders through our share repurchase program. So, we feel we are in a very good position to be able to do that today. And given our view on the long-term growth of our business, we believe that it’s an appropriate time to do so.
Steve Sakwa: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, thanks and good morning. My first question is on Industrious, can you talk about their specific business model whether it is currently in a profitable state or money losing state or like what that impact will be on CBRE in the near-term?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Tony, we will only say with regard to Industrious’ financials that we expect that acquisition to be accretive this year, not in a major way and then grow from there. But as it relates to their business model, it is so overlapping with what we have been trying to do with Hana. It was the perfect flex space operator for us to invest in. They have an asset-light model that means that they provide flex space as a service – as a service to landlord, as a service to tenants. They are not taking long-term leases and then turning around and doing short-term leases with occupiers. They are very, very riveted on client service. We were super proud of Hana’s client service that they beat us. They topped us. They were the one-off operator in the marketplace that had better client service. They have a footprint of 100 units. It will be well over 100 with Hana and growing nicely from there so that there will be some scale to offer our occupier clients. And if you were to talk to Jamie Hodari, their CEO, he would tell you that one of the things he was excited about our ability to bring to the table is deep and broad relations across the occupiers around the world. So, we think that strategically Industrious is the right company for us to invest in and partner with in a sector that we believe is going to have really nice dynamics over the next several years, because these occupiers, as they rethink their space utilization, are going to want flexibility all over the place. They are going to want to be able to get in and out of space relatively quickly. They are going to want to be able to take smaller spaces away from their headquarters, so their people cannot have to come into CBDs in some cases or come into other areas of the CBD where the headquarter isn’t. So, we think they were the perfect partner for us and we love where we have ended up there. And I think if you talk to Jamie and their team, they would comment similarly on the situation.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And as CBRE’s $200 million investment, does that provide enough capital for that to achieve a much larger scale over time or I don’t know if the business model if [indiscernible] CapEx or how that works?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, it’s a capital-light model. They put in – it will provide them with some capital, but they are not spending a lot to expand that business. They are not taking on long-term leases. They are not putting them most of the tenant finish. So, they have the capacity to expand that business. We feel very good about that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on the M&A side, more broadly, you had mentioned a few times the pipeline there. Can you talk a bit more specifically on just whether you’re seeing larger types of transactions or not, just given the financial capacity that you have?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Let me remind you how we think about M&A. We start with – and by the way, M&A and investments that we make, for instance, the Industrious investment, which clearly wasn’t M&A. We, first and foremost, think about improving our ability to serve our clients, bringing something to the table that we didn’t have before because at the core of our strategy is delivering outcomes to our clients they couldn’t get elsewhere. We look across our business, all three segments. So advisory, GWS or outsourcing and REI, and we look for places where we can buy businesses to fill out our capability set. Of course, we’re not going to do deals that don’t make sense that don’t achieve the hurdle rates we establish, so on and so forth. Right now, we think there are some very good opportunities out there. We’re being very thoughtful about where we go. You know, Tony, we’ve talked about it so much over the year. There are certain parts of our business, we think, have better growth profiles than others. So we are a little more oriented there when we do M&A. But we think we can find M&A opportunities across all three sectors. And I am going to highlight one that surprised everybody 1.5 years ago when we did the Telford Homes acquisition in the UK. That was an area where we came in. We realized that there was a real need for institutional quality, multifamily housing in London that wasn’t being fulfilled. We had the opportunity to buy that business. We love the long-term profile of that business, and now we’re using our presence there to – and Leah commented on this, to expand into industrial development in the UK and Europe and very consistent with the model. That will be more of an organic expansion. But we think there is going to be opportunities across all three of our segments, some infill and some larger.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thanks. And then last question maybe for Leah, I don’t know if you explicitly mentioned margins – EBITDA margins for 2021. I may have missed it. But it seems like from all the brackets you’ve provided on the business lines and so forth, it’s pointing to margins being higher in ‘21 versus 2019 and 2020 full year numbers. Is that a fair assessment or is there anything to saying that could be an offset?
Leah Stearns: We – correct, we did not speak specifically to margins. However, we have said that we do expect growth in GWS EBITDA to slightly outpace that of revenue as well as some slight margin improvement in advisory. So we are – we do expect slightly higher revenues that are pass-through in nature, and our REI business is related to Telford. That will create a little bit of margin pressure in REI. But net-net, I think it’s fair to say that we expect flat to positive operating leverage for the year.
Anthony Paolone: Great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: The next question is from Rick Skidmore from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rick Skidmore: Good morning. Just to follow-up on the 2025 framework, Bob, can you just maybe talk a little bit about what that mix of organic versus, call it, inorganic growth might be that’s embedded in that low double-digit growth rate expectation?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. I’m going to make a broad comment on that, Rick, and then I’m going to let Leah comment more specifically. But to get to that double-digit average growth rate between now and 2025, that threshold will be dominated by organic growth. It will include some capital investment in our REI businesses, co-investment, etcetera, and some M&A. But there is other capacity available beyond that, and I’m going to let Leah speak about that.
Leah Stearns: Thanks Bob. So the way we think about the base case is that we’re effectively adding our organic growth from both the existing business we have and the benefit of a substantial portion of our free cash flow. We still have our investment capacity, given where our balance sheet sits today with a net cash position. And we think about leverage, the current position we are with respect to the cycle, we think we can operate around one turn leverage through deploying capital as it relates to M&A. And if we saw a strategic transaction, we would potentially take that to two turns, but would quickly de-lever from there back down. So that’s how we’re thinking about the base case, the opportunity for additional capital deployment as it relates to investments as well as capital return to shareholders.
Rick Skidmore: Great, thank you. And then just a follow-up on that, the comment about the projected decline of office, what’s the base case assumption for how office demand changes over time and the impact on the business?
Leah Stearns: So we’ve taken a hard look at what we believe to be the impact office for our business. We certainly expect that to create some headwind from the secular decline. Today, our base case assumes a 200 to 300 basis point decline across our EPS CAGR as a result of that decline in office. And we are still able to offset that and achieve – we expect to be able to achieve a low double-digit EPS growth rate even given that headwind.
Rick Skidmore: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the M&A side, would you characterize the opportunities you’re seeing as within those 4 silos you laid out in your outlook or are there areas potentially in logistics, infrastructure business services that you might consider to further diversify the company?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, we always are open to M&A that would be adjacent to our business, not far adjacent but near adjacent to our business. And I’m going to highlight again that Telford multifamily deal in the UK 1.5 years ago. But for the most part, we want to stay within the things we do because we have so much headroom for growth in the areas that we’re already good but could be better at. We think that’s the preferred place to deploy our capital. We think that’s where the highest odds of success are. But we will look at things that are adjacent. I think you remember 3 years or so ago, we did an – in our investment management business, we did an infrastructure investment acquisition that we’re very happy with. And I think that gives us opportunity for expansion. But we try to stay within our footprint for the most part when we do M&A.
Jade Rahmani: And thematically speaking, are you looking to strategies that would be considered more asset-light type businesses or would the majority of opportunities include balance sheet capital-intensive businesses such as the Telford?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, Telford is not particularly an asset-heavy business. We will have small co-investments in that, like we do in the rest of our development business. We have $14 billion or so of development in process. And Leah, how much capital do we have invested in that?
Leah Stearns: Into Telford?
Bob Sulentic: No, in our total development, $200 million roughly. So Jade, that is not a capital-intensive development model that we deploy. However, I will say that across our REI business, we generated such strong returns on our co-investments. For instance, in our development business over the last 8 years or so, over 30% compounded IRRs on capital invested. We will look to put a little more money into the development business. We will look to put a little more money into co-investments in our REI business where we’ve generated strong returns. But for the most part, when we buy services businesses that will be asset light, as Leah said in her prepared remarks, when you buy GWS or outsourcing businesses, you need some working capital to fund the growth, both of those individual client relationships, but we’re mostly pretty asset-light. And I’m going to say it again, one of the things we like so much about investors, very asset-light.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. And how much is the cumulative investment in Hana thus far?
Leah Stearns: So in terms of Hana, we have invested approximately – I’ll have to get you the exact number, Jade, but in terms of the current year, we had a loss of about $40 million related to Hana. And I’ll get to the balance sheet number.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. Do you anticipate any internal reaction from the leasing broker sales force with respect to the industrial strategy? What do you think the implications are for the sales team?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have two areas – you’re talking about the leasing team that would either help the flex space operators get space in multi-tenant buildings or fill their space, right? Is that the group you’re talking about?
Jade Rahmani: Yes. Yes.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. So the bottom line is we do not think this will impact that much at all. We serve some really good flex space operators out there, help them find space and help them fill their space. They will still be very anxious to have us do that. And of course, we’re going to continue to do that with Industrious and look for ways to do some creative stuff on the services we provide to occupiers with that Industrious partnership. We don’t think it will have a big impact on our broker’s relationship with others. It’s just the nature of the business. It’s a very large opportunity.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the transaction outlook, I’m curious as to why you would only expect mid to high single-digit growth in transaction revenue. I assume that’s a blend of what you’re anticipating in leasing, which would probably be at the lower end or perhaps below that, and capital markets, which would probably be at the high end or above that range. Is that why you are saying mid to high single-digit growth?
Leah Stearns: Yes. That is – that’s exactly correct. I would also note that you mentioned capital markets, but the transactions is just leasing and sales. So we do expect sales to be above that level, and we do expect leasing to be below. That does not include our debt and structured finance business, which we do expect to grow at a healthy clip.
Jade Rahmani: Okay, thank you very much for that. And just lastly, the transformational expenses, $120 million. Can you give what the full year number was? And is it possible to group that spend in categories so that we have a more specific understanding of what those initiatives relate to?
Leah Stearns: Yes, absolutely. So we had really two types of costs this year – or in 2020 related to our optimization of our cost structure. First was workforce optimization. That was early in the year. It was really meant to address the immediate needs to respond to the changing demand environment as that was presented by COVID. We spent about $38 million on workforce optimization. We then turned our sights on transformation initiatives that were specifically targeted at changing the shape and the structure of parts of our business that are effectively positing us to be more agile going forward. We invested about $176 million into those transformation initiatives. We expect that the total run rate benefit from the $214 million of investment will be around $369 million of cost. That’s being offset in ‘21 by the resumption – or we had some temporary costs that were cut in 2020 that will come back. But net-net, we think there will be about $100 million of incremental savings in 2021 from the full work that we did in 2020 related to cost management. And this is spread across all three of our segments. Advisory was the largest. We estimate about 60% of our cost takeout was from advisory, with about 30% in GWS and the rest in our REI and corporate functions.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Sheldon from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Stephen Sheldon: Good morning. Thanks. Great to hear about the continued trend in large customers purchasing more services from CBRE, I guess how much opportunity is there for CBRE to continue expanding relationships with these large customers? And how much does that factor into your confidence and the solid multiyear profit outlook?
Bob Sulentic: It factors massively into our confidence. We do work of some nature for virtually all of the Fortune 500 companies in all of the comparably large companies around the world. But we only do most of the real estate work for a very small handful of those companies. And there is some we don’t do any for at all. And as I commented in my prepared remarks, if you went back a few years, we – quarter of our clients, we were doing multiple services for, for more services. Now it’s 90%. It’s gone up dramatically. And that’s generally a trend when we take on work for these clients. We get in the door. We prove to them we can save them money or we can execute for them better on some basis than they have been getting on their own or from a myriad of providers, and we tend to grow those relationships. And it’s been a powerful growth driver for us, and there is plenty of headroom for that to continue.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. And I guess, maybe related to this, what view do you have into how COVID and the issues of the last year have influenced the trend of customers slimming their vendor list? Is that – could it create any acceleration that, that has and could continue playing into your benefit as being in the next few years?
Bob Sulentic: I would say one thing, COVID has been done to everybody is anything they can do to streamline their business, make it simpler, cut cost is front and center for them. And generally speaking, working with fewer vendors is a benefit in that regard, and we’re benefiting from that. That’s been going on for years, by the way, but I think it’s been accelerated by COVID.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. That’s helpful. And then last one for me. I just wanted to – with the high investments and with the Industrious announcement, I guess, how do you envision companies utilizing flexible workspace in their broader real estate strategies over the next year or so, during this period of uncertainty with remote working and then longer term? And what client conversations have you been having there, I guess, in recent months? Are you seeing them more frequently considering, including flexible workspace? Just any detail on the demand trends that you are seeing?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, we had a huge amount of – one of the things that we’ve just worn out during COVID is interfacing with these occupier clients about what their expectations are about going back to the office. So first of all, I want to start with what we think in general. In general, we believe that on kind of a weighted average basis, clients will go back to the office at about 85% of where they were before. In other words, their weighted average headcount will be down maybe 15%. Of course, we’re all going to learn a whole lot more about that once COVID is over and there is not that kind of psychological overhang of making those decisions while we’re in the midst of COVID. We also know that most of the occupiers are going to want to have some remote capability for their people to come into the office. A lot of them are doing that now, but they are going to want to make that a formal part of their portfolio. So historically, when we work with these big clients, they had two types of components to their portfolio. They had space they own and space they lease in a traditional long-term way. They started to get into the flex space as a third option toward the end of the last cycle. And now they are saying that’s going to be a more pronounced part of their portfolio of space going forward. So we think that means for companies like Industrious, in particular, Industrious, who has a offering that’s very high-quality, data security oriented towards corporate users that there is going to be big demand for what they do. They are not going to be the only ones. There is other providers that can do good work in that regard, too. But we think that this will be a permanent piece in a bigger way of the portfolio of these occupier clients, and that will serve right into the heart of the Industrious strategy.
Stephen Sheldon: Great. Very helpful. Appreciate all the color and the guidance.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Funk from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Funk: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thank you for the questions. First, maybe related to an earlier question about market share gains, what type of market share gains are baked into your 2021 revenue estimates?
Leah Stearns: So, Michael, when we look at our forecast each year, we do factor in our recent performance as it relates to recruiting as well as market share. So from our perspective, we continue to focus on taking number one, number two positions in really across the key markets in which we operate, and we’ll continue to allocate capital towards those key recruiting initiatives in 2021.
Michael Funk: And then I think in your prepared remarks, I think you mentioned that you are going to be reinvesting some of the savings from 2020 into OpEx in 2021, can you quantify that investment for us?
Leah Stearns: Sure. We’re not – I’m not going to get too granular because we’re not giving quantitative guidance for ‘21, but I would say a key part of our transformation initiative and the principle behind that was to ensure that we were reducing costs in certain areas, however, that we were – that would preserve our ability to maintain industry-leading margins as we invest into the opportunities and the secular tailwinds that we see presenting themselves as a result of coming out of COVID. So we believe that even with the investments that we’re making, the cost takeout that we executed in 2020 will allow us to preserve those margins. So it’s really across all three segments. We are investing across the business. It’s across the key dimensions that Bob laid out. It’s all in response to the intense strategy work that we took on throughout the course of the year. And we feel really good about how those investments are going to position us throughout ‘21 to really capture the long-term opportunities presented in the market today.
Michael Funk: And then clearly, property sale is very strong in industrial, data center multifamily throughout 2020. Are you seeing a falling though in other property types as there now appears to be some glimmer of hope for a reopening or is there a greater interest in our property types?
Leah Stearns: We’re certainly seeing a glimmer of hope. I think the vaccine news in late 2020 was certainly a catalyst for investors to begin to come back off the sidelines for investment property sales. However, I think industrial and multifamily continue to be the real winners in terms of asset classes or property types in the market today, but we are seeing liquidity around other asset classes and we will continue to monitor that in ‘21.
Michael Funk: And do you think that would be additive to the activity on the standard property types or do you think that would somewhat cannibalize that activity as capital moves to other property types?
Leah Stearns: I don’t see it as being cannibalistic. I think given the level of liquidity that’s currently available and dry powder available in the hands of investors, I think that it will provide a nice uplift for sales in 2021, and that’s reflected in our expectations.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Patrick O’Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. Can you provide any commentary regarding CBRE’s thought process for sponsoring the SPAC?
Bob Sulentic: We can, Patrick, and it’s very much tied to that broad base of business we do across those four dimensions and the fact that we see an awful lot of opportunity out there when we do our M&A work to do business with companies that we can help and can help us, but they simply aren’t the type of company for one reason or another that we should be buying in whole. So maybe it’s a company that’s super entrepreneur needs to have an ability to serve us and our competitors has a culture that’s best independent, etcetera, etcetera; a brand that’s best independent, but they can be really helpful to us, and we can be really helpful to them. When we contemplated doing the SPAC, that’s what we had in mind. We would make an investment in those kind of companies. We would establish some kind of operating alliance with those type of companies, but we wouldn’t buy them outright because of the reasons I just articulated. And we think that, that formula is going to work very well. We’re seeing a bunch of companies that we think could be good candidates in the construction services arena, smart buildings, data centers, all kinds of things that serve buildings. We’re quite confident we’re going to find a good target for that SPAC, and there will be follow-on specs behind it. We’re very differently situated than most SPAC sponsors. We have not really thought of as a financial sponsor. We’re thought of as a strategic sponsor. And the way the SPAC is financially structured where our upside comes only when those – the company that we would quote de-SPAC grows in value speaks to our confidence that we can find a target partner and help them grow their business.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great. That’s helpful commentary. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, to what extent is existing facilities management clients reducing their office footprints posing a near-term headwind on GWS segment fee revenue?
Leah Stearns: So near-term, Patrick, that’s not a concern. We certainly are staying close to our GWS clients. They are looking to us for our expertise around workplace design and solutions. What is it’s really created is a pause in their decision-making because for them to make significant outsourcing decisions that are long-term in nature, they need to have a clear understanding of how the footprint of their real estate needs will evolve over time. And so, it’s not about a diminution or reduction of our existing revenue. It’s more about a delay in our pipeline. And what’s important to appreciate is that we have significant diversification across the clients that we serve within GWS. So we are not just serving their office footprint. We’re also serving their data center needs. We are serving their for life sciences clients, we’re serving their research facility needs. And so there is a lot of other opportunity out there across other property types and through our client diversification where we see significant opportunities for growth as well. So given the overall market size of integrated outsourcing, we currently think we have about a mid-single-digit market share in a $1.6 trillion market, I think a $200 billion market of the total asset market, which is about $1.6 trillion, I think there is still tremendous opportunity to grow that business and ensure that we are doing it aligned with our clients’ needs.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the call back to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks for joining us everyone and we’ll talk to you again at the end of the second quarter – at the end of the first quarter, I’m sorry.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greeting and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 CBRE Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kristyn Farahmand, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and posted it on the Investor Relations page of our website cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: first, I will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter; next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Leah Stearns, our CFO will discuss our third quarter results in more detail. After their comments, we will open up the call for your questions. Before I begin I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, operations, market share, capital deployment, acquisition integration, financial performance including profitability and margin, the effect of cost savings initiatives in our 2020 outlook, including the impact of COVID-19 and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of this presentation slide deck. Now please turn to Slide 4 of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the third quarter of 2020. Total revenues and fee revenue fell about by 5% and 13% respectively, driven by the declines in advisory services segment. Lower revenue was partially offset by disciplined cost management and temporary cost reduction, as well as the initial benefits of transformation initiatives targeted to improve the ongoing cost structure of the business, which limited the adjusted EBITDA declined to 3%. Overall, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.73, while GAAP EPS, which includes around $0.13 of transformation initiative costs totaled $0.55. Now for insight on the quarter and our longer-term outlook, please turn to Slide 6, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Kristyn, and good morning everyone. The results we reported this morning highlight the progress CBRE has made in building a more resilient business since the last downturn occurs more than a decade ago. We were markedly different company from the one that endured the global financial crisis. I'll briefly side some specific ways the company has evolved and improved. Facilities management, which provide steady recurring revenue has grown exponentially with the portfolio up by 3.7 billion square feet in 10 years, and now totaling 4.2 billion square feet. And we have added a data center management capability that is growing robustly. Our industrial and multifamily offerings have also grown dramatically and are proving to be very resilient in the current environment. These offerings together cut across leasing, sales and mortgage origination and servicing. They also comprise the majority of our real estate development portfolio. U.S. project management has grown five-fold in 10 years, and COVID is further capitalizing demand for this group's specialized services. Finally, our investment management businesses core asset portfolio, which has grown more than 300% over 10 years and now comprises nearly 85% of total AUM has held up quite well this year. The resilient aspects of our business are helping us whether the sharp COVID driven fall in property leasing and sales. Another key contributor was quickly aligning our expenses with reduced market demand. A significant portion of our compensation structure falls automatically in the current environment, and our global leadership team has rapidly implemented other cost management actions. Many of these actions were contemplated before COVID following a strategic review designed to enhance scalability and efficiency. This work has been quite effective cutting where appropriate without compromising our future. I want to briefly comment on the macro environment before handing the call to Leah. At the present time, COVID is putting downward pressure on parts of our business and creating larger opportunities in other parts, several of which I highlighted earlier. Inevitably, the magnitude of COVID's impact will diminish considerably once the public health crisis passes. We can expect our sales and leasing businesses for decision making is now largely frozen to be prime beneficiaries. However, a significant amount of the COVID driven change will be permanent. For instance, our work with occupier clients confirms that companies will continue moving towards a hybrid model that combines working from the office and from home. Occupiers will take space for fewer employees but that space will be less densely populated, more intensely managed, and more flexible. There will be a premium on high quality well managed buildings with great infrastructure. We are continuing to take advantage of the strong secular growth trends that were driven by the last cycle, including occupier outsourcing, industrial and logistics space, institutional quality multifamily assets, and workplace experience services. We expect new secular opportunities to be created in the wake of COVID in our positioning our strategy and leadership focus and allocating our capital to make the most of them as the new cycle unfolds. With that, I'll turn the call over to Leah, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Leah Stearns,: Thanks Bob. Turning to Slide 8, our Advisory Services segment fee revenue and adjusted EBITDA fell over 23% and nearly 32% respectively, reflecting weakness and high margin sales and leasing activities that Bob alluded to. While our advisory adjusted EBITDA margin fell about 180 basis points year-over-year, it improved sequentially approximately 560 basis points to about 15.5%. This sequential improvement was due to the combined impact of short-term cost reduction including continued furloughs, lower bonus accruals and tight management of travel and entertainment expenses, as well as the initial impacts of transformation and workforce optimization effort. Additionally, about 190 basis points of the sequential improvement was due to the cadence of COVID related items. Global leasing revenue declined about 31%, as the pandemic continue to negatively impact our major global market. In the U.S., Continental Europe and the U.K. which together comprised about 81% a global leasing in the period revenue decreased 36%, 22%, and 6% respectively. The U.K. benefited from large industrial transaction during the quarter, which helped to offset weak demand for office space. Globally, industrial leasing fueled by the continued shift to e-commerce increased 10% in Q3, and 8% year-to-date. Advisory sales improved sequentially falling 34% year-over-year in Q3 versus 48% in Q2. All three regions saw sequential improvement paced by Continental Europe where Advisory sales revenue fell just 7% in Q3, compared to 26% in Q2. In the U.S., we added 280 basis points to our market share according to RCA, as investors seek out the best advice and execution in a challenging market. Given the high level of institutional dry powder and continued low interest rates, investor demand for quality real estate assets with strong rent rolls and creditworthy tenants remains solid despite the pandemic. Commercial mortgage revenue fell 21% in the quarter. The lending environment improved marginally from the second quarter, but lenders remain quite conservative in our underwriting standards which weighed on volumes. Notably multifamily volumes rebounded sequentially during the quarter and by September exceeded the prior-year level. Refinancing activity comprised 60% of our year-to-date originations up from the typical 40% to 50% range. Our other advisory services business lines were less impacted by COVID during the quarter. Valuation revenue fell about 10% in line with the last quarter, while advisory property and project management and loan servicing each saw fee revenue growth of over 2%. Slower growth in loan servicing was the result of lower loan prepayment fees excluding prepayment fees, our servicing revenue would have grown at a low double-digit growth consistent with previous quarters. The loan servicing portfolio grew 13% over the prior year period and 3% sequentially to nearly $253 billion. Forbearance requests also continued to be immaterial for this business. Turning to Slide 9, our global workplace solutions business increased fee revenue, nearly 6% as 9% growth in facilities management, and 13% growth in project management offset a steep decline in GWS transaction revenue. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded nearly at 480 basis points to nearly 17% despite the loss of high margin transaction revenue. And this was our second consecutive quarter of record profitability. This strong improvement in profitability was partially driven by temporary measures primarily associated with lower discretionary spending and bonus accruals. Long-term cost efficiency initiatives and about $12 million in expenses in the prior year period that did not recurring. Structural changes to the cost structure contributed about one-third of the margin improvement. We also expect to drive gradual long-term improvements in profitability as our client relationship, expand and mature. Long tenured satisfied clients typically, expand their scope of service and engage us - to support their project and transaction management needs. While our margins are improving and our new business pipeline is strong. We continue to feel the effects of pandemic related to delays in securing and on boarding new GWS clients. Several large contract decisions slipped from Q3 to Q4, while others are temporarily on hold. As a result, we continue to expect top-line growth to be more muted than we would typically expect in a more normal recessionary environment. Turning to Slide 10, let's now look at our real estate investment segment where we achieved $65 million of adjusted EBITDA and $51 million increase from the prior year period. Development was the standout performer with adjusted EBITDA rising to approximately $50 million, reflecting a large number of asset sales, and a small contribution from UK and multifamily development business we acquired last October. We are benefiting from positioning our portfolio to meet elevated demand for multifamily, industrial and healthcare assets. In fact, these three property type, plus office buildings that are at least 90% leased comprised over 80% of our in-process activity. Because of this and our sizable pipeline, we expect our development business will remain resilient moving forward. Our investment management business also had an impressive quarter. Adjusted EBITDA rose over 12% and importantly, adjusted EBITDA from recurring sources increased nearly 70%. This reflected continued strong growth in assets under management, which reached a new record at $114.5 billion and more than offset a lower contribution from carried interest revenue and co-investment returns. Lastly, Hana’s adjusted EBITDA loss of nearly $10 million was slightly higher than in the last quarter. Hana’s results continue to be impacted by lower than anticipated occupancy. As a result of the pandemic, as well as costs associated with expanding our enterprise focused flexible space solutions. Turning to Slide 11, given COVID-19’s uncertain trajectory and adverse economic impact, we will again refrain from providing explicit EPS guidance, but will provide an update on our expectations for the full year and fourth quarter. In advisory, we are taking a conservative view of transaction activity in Q4. Transaction revenue has performed better than expected during this crisis, which is partially driven by the transaction size and geographic diversification embedded in our business. In the U.S. deals less than 250,000 which comprise over half of total transaction revenue declined about 26% year-to-date versus 40% decrease from transactions over 2 million. We anticipate a similar benefit of this diversification in our Q4 results, but also expect the transaction business to recover more gradually. We expect sales and leasing revenue together to be down approximately 30% to 40% in Q4, in line with the trends we saw in the second and third quarters with the Americas slightly lagging other parts of the world. For the rest of the advisory business combined, we foresee a mid-single digit revenue decline in the fourth quarter. This reflects the expectation that Q4 will be our highest revenue generating quarter as it usually is. Given this uptick in revenue and our continued focus on cost management, we expect advisory adjusted EBITDA fee margin to continue expanding by around 2% compared with Q3. Moving to GWS, we now believe growth in fee revenue will rise in the mid single-digit range for the year with growth and contractual facilities management and project management revenue offsetting continued weakness in GWS transaction. This marginally lower than normal growth expectation reflects our view that the pandemic related delays I mentioned earlier will improve more slowly than we previously expected. At the same time, we expect double-digit full-year adjusted EBITDA growth, reflecting the benefit of stronger than expected Q3 performance and the continuation of our cost management efforts into Q4. We expect margin expansion will be slower sequentially as the benefit of temporary cost actions dissipate. Looking at REI, our global investment management and development business lines are well positioned for the current environment and we foresee more resilient performance than during the last downturn. In investment management, we anticipate adjusted EBITDA will grow in the high teens range from the $91 million achieved last year. We now expect growth in recurring EBITDA stemming from our growing AUM, to be complemented by higher expectations for incentive fees and carried interest than we previously anticipated. We now project U.S. development adjusted EBITDA to exceed more than $100 million generated in 2019. Demand for quality assets has been stronger than we previously anticipated and we now expect to complete more asset sales before year-end. We again expect sequential growth in adjusted EBITDA from UK multifamily development in Q4. The pace of improvement since the peak of the pandemic has exceeded our expectations and we now expect a small, but positive EBITDA contribution from the UK multifamily development for the full year. This is an improvement from the breakeven performance we expected previously. And finally, our expectations for Hana remain consistent with our previous outlook with an adjusted EBITDA loss of around $35 million to $40 million for 2020 which is marginally higher than the loss incurred in 2019. Turning to Slide 12, we continue to fortify our financial position throughout the COVID-19 crisis. On a run rate basis, we have lowered our expense structure by nearly $200 million. We expect to realize about $120 million of this in 2020 and approximately $80 million in 2021. We primarily achieved these reductions by making structural changes in the design of our workforce, while also focusing on right-sizing our cost base and teams to meet future demand. In addition, our liquidity has increased by almost $1 billion from a year ago period to $4.2 billion and we ended Q3 with just 0.2 turns of leverage down over 0.4 turns from a year ago. This improvement reflects the long-term strategic work we initiated well before the pandemic to drive improvements in profitability and cash flow conversion. Given that we've been able to strengthen our financial position meaningfully at the depths of the COVID-19 crisis. We are highly confident we have ample capacity to attend future challenges while simultaneously deploying discretionary capital. As Bob highlighted at the outset of the call, we strongly believe there will be parts of our business that will benefit from COVID driven secular trends as well as portions that are likely to be adversely impacted. We plan to focus our discretionary capital deployment on areas where we believe the crisis is likely to accelerate demand. At the moment, we are deploying capital for internal investments and actively evaluating a steadily increasing M&A pipeline as we begin to see strategic opportunities. This means we’ll prioritize internal investments and M&A rather than share repurchases. We want to ensure we are using our liquidity and financial capacity to enhance the revenue and profitability growth trajectory of our business as well as the resiliency of our business over the long run. We are also recognizing that the cost actions we've taken this year have impacted our people. As we've said before, once the time is appropriate, if we are unable to identify suitable and properly valued acquisition opportunities, we will then consider share repurchases. While the environment remains highly uncertain, we're more confident than ever that our business and our capital structure, our position should not only weather the challenges presented by COVID, but to build on our industry leadership position and maximize long-term earnings and cash flow growth. With that, please turn to Slide 13 and I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Leah. Before we take your questions, I want to briefly acknowledge our CBRE employees. Their hard work and strong focus on our clients are truly distinguishing our company at a time of significant challenges stemming from the public health crisis. These challenges have also brought us closer together as a company. The $6.1 million we raised from our people and the company for the CBRE Employee Resilience Fund has enabled us to provide more than 9,000 grants to our colleagues, who are facing financial hardship. We are pleased to help make their lives a little easier during this stressful time. Now, operator we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I just wanted to circle up on a couple of things. Leah the $55 million in expenses that you talked about these transformation initiatives, I just wanted to get a little bit more understanding? How much of that was to benefit the current quarter, and how much of that is really kind of longer term kind of benefits to the company and how do we sort of measure or see those benefits going forward?
Leah Stearns: Sure, Steve. The $55 million was one-time costs that we recognized in the quarter attributable to the separation and other expenses related to the transformation. Those will - in combination with workforce actions that we took in the second quarter will amount to about $200 million of run rate savings, a little more than half of that will benefit from this year, and the rest will commence in 2021.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, great thanks. And then I know you can't be too specific about the M&A activity, but I guess I'm just trying to get a little bit better feel for the areas, maybe if you think about your three divisions where you're more likely to deploy capital or maybe where you are more likely to see opportunities arise or maybe where you're seeing more opportunities today?
Robert Sulentic: Yes Steve, this is Bob. We've gone through our business pretty carefully in the past year, it subject to a very thorough strategy update that we did. And we've identified areas of our business that we think either we're well positioned to grow disproportionately in or there will be secular tailwinds. And we're targeting those areas of our business for M&A activity. Now we'll do M&A activity in other areas if we think we can get particularly good deal or if we think we have holes in our geographic coverage, things of that nature. And ability to add to our capability for our clients, but we're really focused on some areas of the business that we think is going to have nice secular tailwinds and they're very much in line with what we do as part of our core offering. And we're pretty excited about what's out there for us right now, but I will say we're going to be patient. We're not going to run out just because we have the dry powder we have, because we're in a low point in the market cycle and buy up a bunch of stuff unless we think we can integrate it well. It's got a good cultural fit and we can make a reasonable deal.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone: First question is, I guess we'll stick with the M&A side of things, are you considering deals that just add to businesses that you're already in as you think about this. Are there new places, you think you can go into? Similarly in the last several years you've done. You did more runs approximately with data centers you build infrastructure on the investment management side? And so just curious if it's - if what you're focused on is additive or just new to the platform?
Robert Sulentic: Yes Tony, we will look for things that are closely adjacent to what we do. And what we've been consistent with our skill set and relevant to our client base. We would not like go too far afield from that, because we think there is enough opportunities that would meet that requirement or be more quarter what we do, and that's basically how we think about that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And do you see the opportunity you said having some sizing you had mentioned, it sounds like putting buyback on the back burner. So it sounds like - are these are potential size that you would not be able to do both?
Leah Stearns: So Anthony it’s Leah. Our current pipeline is actually larger than we could reasonably entertain in any one quarter. So we are being very cognizant of the opportunity set that we have. We want to make sure that we have sufficient dry powder to act quickly, if we find the right opportunity. And so from our perspective, we think it's the prudent measure given one, we have a very active M&A pipeline. And two, we are taking actions that directly impact our people for us to balance our approach on the buyback and put that off per quarter.
Anthony Paolone: Okay great. And then on the cost side right, thanks for all the detail there. Just wondering if there is a way to think about it of the $200 million for instance, if we thought of 2019 as a baseline what piece of that should we think about as being I guess, more permanent that would change the margins on a more long-term basis?
Leah Stearns: That is all incremental reduction from 2019 levels. So it is all run rate.
Anthony Paolone: And you think that's all permanent not just part of the current environment and doing things more temporarily?
Leah Stearns: Correct. There have been [ph] other actions that we've taken. For example, furloughs we’re deferring, our compensation structure naturally reduces because of commissions and bonuses based on certain targets that were set at the outset of the year that won't be achieved. So those were not included in the $200 million. The $200 million is actual structural cost reductions, either through reducing - really through reducing overhead, and headcount basically headcount.
Anthony Paolone: And then last one from me. You had mentioned in GWS a couple of items just slipping. I think last quarter you had mentioned I think mid-to-high single-digit topline and high single-digit EBITDA? Does that change I didn't catch if you had updated that part of it?
Leah Stearns: So, we now expect the GWS revenue to be in the single-digit. However, we do expect profitability or EBITDA growth to be double-digit. So we have updated that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much for taking the questions. Just to start off with, I think last quarter. [indiscernible] said that the average office lease duration in their pipeline was down by about 16%. What kind of trend that you are seeing in terms of how occupiers are looking at their office exposure. And are you seeing a reduction in average lease maturity?
Robert Sulentic: Yes Jade we’ll - the overwhelming thing that’s impacting average lease maturity is that a lot of the big long-term leases just have been put on hold, decisions aren't being made. We have that circumstance with our own portfolio of office space for our CBRE people. As everybody tries to figure out what space use is going to look like post-COVID those big decisions aren't being made. By the way, that's something that will definitively come back. We'll it all come back probably not, but much of it will come back and that's on hold. So the average lease is shorter as a result of that, what you're seeing now is renewals, extensions small deals getting done. But all of that impacts the averages and we expect that to continue as long is COVID is having the impact it’s having now.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much for taking my question. Just separately I've gotten a lot of calls from investors today on the restructuring charges and I was wondering if you could provide any insight as to what types of actions. Those relate to was that on the advisory services business, was that as it relates to infrastructure and administrative back office functions? Where did the actions occur and should we really be expecting in terms of the fixed run rate benefit $200 million in annual savings?
Leah Stearns: So Jade it’s Leah, the distribution about 60% of it was in our advisory segment, about 30% was in GWS and about 10% was an REI that's a combination of the workforce actions we took in the second quarter as well as the transformation initiative that we launched in the third quarter. The third quarter, our actions were principally around the standalone exercise that we did. Just looking at the overall shape and structure of our organization and making sure that we were appropriately structured to be as efficient as possible coming out of this. So most of it is related to severance and other separation costs related to that action. We do have some lease terminations other things that have come through as we've thought to consolidate our workforce. But the vast majority of that is represented in terms of severance costs.
Jade Rahmani: And to what extent does it reflect a - expectation of a very moderate and drawn out recovery in transaction volumes with respect to perhaps 2021 and 2022 in terms of the advisory segment?
Leah Stearns: Well, we certainly are very cognizant - and when we said that. I said that earlier that we do expect it to be a more moderate recovery. Therefore we are being very cautious around the expense structure for our advisory business. And so you should expect we'll continue to look at ways to make sure we're right-sized to ensure that our business and our workforce reflects the level of demand that's coming from our clients.
Jade Rahmani: And I guess if you could stratify the cost savings in terms of headcount reductions versus other structural changes you mentioned lease terminations. How would that be split amongst those two categories?
Leah Stearns: The majority of it is severance costs.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. And then finally just on the EMEA outperformance on capital markets which you mentioned? What do you think is driving that and could that be a leading indicator as to a pickup in demand on that side of the transaction pipeline?
Leah Stearns: Yes, we actually had some really strong performance across EMEA particularly in Continental Europe. So, certainly we'll watch each one of those markets Europe certainly came out of the COVID lockdown before the Americas that we're seeing some of that come back - overly cautious right now in terms of level of activity that we're expecting in the fourth quarter headed into 2021.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Sheldon with William Blair.
Josh Lamers: This is actually Josh Lamers on for Stephen Sheldon and thanks for taking questions here. I'm going to start with the recurring question but always good to gauge. Wondering how far along you characterize we are in the price discovery process on the investment sales side? Wondering if there are any indications that bid ask spreads could come in over the last couple of months and if not? Can you just outline why there is some valuation gap?
Leah Stearns: I think it's going to be really important for us to see larger transactions on the leasing side occur before there significant transactions that come back from an overall capital markets activity perspective. So I think we are still a better ways away from seeing significant capital markets activity resume. One of the benefits though is that we are seeing more liquidity in the market and that will certainly help bringing our investment property sales business come back more - with more strength than we've seen in prior cycles where there has been more of a credit constraints in the market.
Josh Lamers: And then just picking up with one of the prior question lines here just generally speaking on the leasing front, I mean we noted longer term delays and making longer-term leasing decisions. So based on the conversations more recently has it influenced your thought process in any way about leasing activity picking up in a more meaningful way in 2021, but is it seem that leasing activity is not going to resume at a higher level and so there some health resolution?
Robert Sulentic: This summer we saw in the level of activity in discussions start to pick up some Stephen, but the fact of the matter is we are deeply engaged with most of the big occupiers around the U.S. and around the world and how they're thinking about this. And they really are looking for clarity - related to COVID before they make their big decisions. And this is really an important point there is two separate things going on here. One, we do think there will be some real change in the way office space is used. Going forward, we think there will be less people in the office. We think the offices that will be used less densely. We think there will be more intensively managed. We think buildings with great infrastructure will be favored. There is a whole separate issue from that though and the separate issue is the leasing it’s going to get done. Isn’t going to get decided on in this environment and that is going to come back. It's not all one thing it’s a two separate things.
Josh Lamers: And then switching gears to GWS good to hear that interactions and continued to hear. Although I have to say, I guess a little surprising from my perspective to hear that occupiers are delaying their decision making on this front. Just given that there is usually first year cost savings associated with outsourcing and then later and the added risk of managing operations due to COVID? So I was hoping you could expand a bit more on the reason behind the contract delays and what's your confidence at this point and GWS returning to double-digit growth next year?
Robert Sulentic: We had very big backlogs of opportunities not only relative earlier this year, but relative to prior years, but the simple thing is there is so much physical presence that's needed to get these things done. People need to examine space. People need to think about moving people from one place to another people need to think about bringing project managers on site and getting work done. All of that is hard to be in this environment, decision makers traveling the C-space and uses inevitably slow things down. And clients very directly tell us that, they tell us that they're not in a decision making mode or their decision making has been delayed for those reasons. Not knowing how the space is going to get laid out when they move into it or when they move out of it. And so again, there is - it’s so important as all of us think about what this means for our business, the use of office space and the impact of COVID on leasing or office occupancy. There is the absence of decision making that's taking place that will come back and happen when we go to the other side of COVID. And then there is the different way space will be used on the other side of COVID. It's really important to separate those two things.
Josh Lamers: Okay, that all makes sense. And then last one from me, just looking to grab some comments from you on Hana you've noted that you're targeting to have tenants open by early next year now. Given your comments around office considerations and the outlook for the future I mean, does this become more of a priority looking ahead or - is it being rolled out I guess apart as you expect to maybe a year ago?
Robert Sulentic: Yes, so we believe that given what we've learned about the way space is likely to be used going forward. Several things greater flexibility more satellite type users because of people working from home. Company is hesitant to put capital in, because they're not sure how they're going to think about their space, long-term versus short-term. We believe that there is evidence that flex space like Hana will become more necessary than it is today. But like every other kind of office space out there. Most markets around the world people aren't going into the office space in short-term. They're working from home because of COVID. So in the short-term Hana has been impacted materially. It performed like we thought it was going to perform this quarter. But in the short-term it's been impacted materially like every other kind of office space has been in the long-term we believe that it could be a more prominent strategy than it has been historically, and we're pretty encouraged about the prospects for flex space in Hana.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: How are you guys thinking about pressure in office rents wane on leasing capital markets revenue, on transaction volume does more fully rebound?
Leah Stearns: So as we look at the level of activity that we see today, there has been a smaller impact or lesser impact on the secondary and tertiary markets relative to the large top 25 cities in the world. So if we look at the space needs, I think, near-term, there will be less impact on rents in some of those smaller markets, and particularly on smaller size leases. In those cases and in certain asset classes the property types like industrial, as well as multifamily on the capital market side, I think you will also see more price discovery happen sooner. But certainly from an office perspective, we're watching those smaller markets and those smaller space transactions really lead to the path for that price discovery, and we would expect that as COVID began to attenuate and we have a vaccine and better therapeutics we will be able to see more occupancy levels - occupancy level increase in office space and that should lead to more leasing decisions as Bob alluded to and help to drive more capital market transactions in office. So we certainly would expect there to be in terms of capital market activity, transactions happen where you have strong credit rent rolls, long-term tenant leases in place, those transactions are happening where we're seeing pause is really in the larger cities and in value add asset class space that where there's just too much risk for underwriting today.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: But when you do see the bid ask narrow into your major city centers in New York and Boston and San Francisco and those transaction start to happen again. If you thought that the rents and the building prices have to move lower in order to kind of hit that market clearing level. And if so, are you - is there a concern of that presents a long-term headwind in terms of the commission that you're making off of those transactions?
Leah Stearns: I would say it's really ultimately going to depend how leasing decisions are made post-COVID. I think it's too early to say specifically where rents are going to go relative to where they are today. There may be some distressed assets where you do see some concessions, but it's not as though there is massive amount of vacancy or new assets coming online. You really have to see a radical shift in terms of occupancy need all at once, and you have to remember, most of these leases are over or coming up on renewal type over a long period of time, you don't see massive changes in terms of occupancy being able to execute it - being able to be executed in a very short period of time.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: And then I guess on the theme of major city centers versus secondary and tertiary areas. How are you thinking about the potential impact of urban slide on the multifamily business, as people want to maybe live in the suburbs and not in the city centers? Do you still see the same sort of structural demand for multifamily units as maybe you would have expected a year ago?
Leah Stearns: Multifamily has really been driven by an underlying affordability issue for around housing, and so we don't see that abating and in fact is getting more challenging for us - for individual from a single-family perspective. So we certainly think there continue to be secular tailwinds for multifamily.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: And the last one from me and sorry to go back to margins again. But specifically with regard to your Global Workplace Solutions commentary that approximately one-third of the margin expansion was driven by structural improvements, does that imply the remaining two-thirds was due to more temporary cost reduction measures and those costs do come back in a more normalized environment?
Leah Stearns: Correct.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Funk with Bank of America.
Michael Funk: Yes, thank you for the questions. So, just - if I could. So going back to your market share comments in the U.S. the 280 basis points during the quarter. Can you comment on this when you're seeing in the 4Q if you expect that market share gap to improve, and then what you attribute that improvement?
Leah Stearns: So Michael, I think it's a bit too early to speculate on market share for the fourth quarter. Certainly something that we were pleased to see, and we will continue to monitor it, but I think it's just too early to make a call on that.
Michael Funk: Okay. Maybe little more if I could then. So obviously early on, COVID put a pause on all the activity and you commented before they have very strong capital availability is driving sales cycle right now. Are you seeing any impact over in Europe in the recent [indiscernible]?
Leah Stearns: It's way too soon Michael to make a call in terms of how that's going to impact the market in Europe.
Michael Funk: Okay. I'll try one more time then. So the comment about more of the volume activity towards the low end of the margin expansion, which is out the below type of deals, and then more multifamily industrial. Are these more opportunistic deals, and is there enough potential pipeline there to continue that, you know, or - do you think it's more shorter-term benefits and we need to see more of a full recovery to see, I guess, carry through on the sales cycle?
Leah Stearns: You're asking about the fourth quarter?
Michael Funk: What you see during the third quarter [indiscernible] about these smaller deals, whether or not those kind of reflected more of a time normal course of business or as large enough pool for that to continue to help to drive similar type of activity?
Leah Stearns: Yes, so once again I think we will see happen in the fourth quarter is the 731 exchange activity on transactions from a capital markets perspective that tends to be when we see quite a bit of multifamily transactions come to market in that smaller to mid-tier range. So that is something that we would expect to help build in the market particularly in the U.S. But we do have transactions happening within the sales part of our business. There are well diversified strong credit tenant, long duration rentals, underlying certain assets as well as certain asset classes, certain office assets, as well as certain asset classes like industrial multifamily that are commanding a tighter bigger spread. And that's resulting in transactions happening in the market. So we certainly think there are transactions out there to be done. And that was evidenced in the third quarter around our leasing and sales results. But it's certainly a more muted market just because there is such a significant pause going on around decisions that are being made particularly.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Bob Sulentic with closing remarks.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us today and during this move from morning to afternoon, and we look forward to talking with you next time when we report our year-end results.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this tm ell participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is now being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to, Kristyn Farahmand, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and posted it on the Investor Relations page of our website cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter; next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Leah Stearns, our CFO, will discuss our second quarter results in more detail. After these comments, we will open up the call for your questions. Before I begin I will remind that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE’s future growth prospects, operations, market share, capital deployment, acquisition integration, financial performance and 2020 outlook including the impact of COVID-19 and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of this presentation slide deck. Now please turn to Slide 4 of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the second quarter of 2020. Total revenues and fee revenue fell about by 6% and 21% respectively, driven by the declines in advisory and RAI. Lower revenue coupled with $25 million of incremental COVID related costs and a $16 million donation into the company's COVID Relief Fund, caused adjusted EBITDA to fall 43%. Overall, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.35, including the negative impact of around $0.10 attributable to the COVID related expenses and Relief Fund donation. Now for insights on the quarter and our longer term outlook, please turn to Slide six and I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, Kristyn, and good morning everyone. As expected, COVID-19 took a toll on our performance in the second quarter, which impacts felt across every part of our business. However, the overall impact was cushioned by our diverse business mix, particularly the sustained growth of our contractual businesses over the past decade. We also benefited from early moves to reduce our expense base, a process that is continuing and strengthened our financial position and cash flow generation despite the ongoing challenges from the pandemic. Double digit adjusted EBITDA growth in our global workplace solutions segment demonstrated the resiliency of a business that occupier clients increasingly rely on in good times and bad to run essential operations and drive critical cost efficiencies. Since the global financial crisis, other parts of our business have become more resilient as well. For example, or U.S. development business is expected to earn twice as much both this year and next, as it did at the peak of the last market cycle. This reflects greater emphasis on core product development, particularly industrial and multifamily projects, along with an emphasis on fee development. We have built a 245 $billion loan servicing portfolio that adds growing recurring revenue to our capital markets offering, we are larger originators for Freddie and Fannie which are expected to match last year's loan volumes this year and we are positioned to capture a significant share of their business. Our investment management business grew nicely in the quarter. Today it earns a significant majority of its adjusted EBITDA from recurring asset management fees, this business continues to new capital at brisk pace. So the revenue base should grow. Like any major crisis COVID will have near term and long term affects on our sector and how we serve clients. In the near-term, we see precipitous drop in leasing and sales activity. Investment capitalist has moved to the sidelines as investors begin the process of price discovery. Occupiers are hesitant to make long-term decisions in mid the uncertainty preferring short-term, lease renewals where possible. Our ongoing interaction with major occupier clients has given us insight into their current thinking. Three distinct trends are emerging. First, most companies will give their employees greater flexibility to choose between working in the office and working from home. Second, the physical office will remain vitally important in these hybrid work models, particularly in fostering culture and collaboration and attracting talent. Third, the decades long densification trend is likely to reverse and gaining some of the effects on office demand associated with more remote working. The pandemic has elevated the importance of the workplace strategy on corporate agendas. Now more than ever, clients will need the strategic insight, thoughtful advice and reliable execution that CBRE and our people are best positioned to provide. We have built the company for opportunities like this and intend to capitalize on it. Now I'm going to turn the call over.
Leah Stearns: Thanks Bob. Turning to Slide 8, our advisory services segment fee revenue and adjusted EBITDA fell about 31% and 50% respectively, as expected significant weakness in our high margin, but cycles sensitive sales and leasing businesses drove the declines. Our advisory adjusted EBITDA margins fell to around 10%, which was impacted by revenue compression about right million and incremental COVID related expenses and 11 million for the companies donation to a COVID relief fund. Together these items reduced the advisory margin, approximately 140 basis points from the quarter. Global leasing revenue declined about 38% as the pandemic negatively impacted our largest markets in the quarter, in the U.S. continental Europe and the UK, which collectively comprise over 80% of global leasing revenue decreased 43%, 25% and 20% respectively. Greater - global leasing this quarter achieved 14% growth following a 26% decline in Q1. While there was pressure across all property types in the quarter, industrial was resilient with leasing revenue declining just 10%. We saw similar pattern in property sales with global revenue down 48% and declined 26% in continental Europe, 51% in the U.S. and 76% in the UK. Notably we improved our U.S. market position significantly with 160 basis points share gain. Our 17.6% share for the quarter is 860 basis points more than our closest competitor. Like leasing, we saw a rebound in greater China with property sales climbing 46% after decreasing over 70% in Q1. Commercial mortgage revenue fell 28% as most capital sources pulled back from lending. We did however, see an increase in activity from banks with a strong appetite for offer an industrial project. The selling of credit markets that began in the second quarter has extended into July. Other advisory services business lines were less impacted by COVID during the quarter. Advisory properties and project management revenue fell about 8%, driven by the temporary shutdown of construction activity and reduced spending on capital projects. Valuation revenue fell about 12% with modest growth in EMEA and our APAC market. Finally, loan servicing revenue grew 15% as our portfolio reached 245 billion, our multifamily properties which comprise nearly half of our global servicing portfolio, and more than two-thirds in the U.S. is proven to be resilient during the pandemic. We have just a handful of loans in forbearance and have not received a new request since May. Turning to Slide 9, our global workplace solutions segments saw lighter than usual revenue performance, but strong growth in profitability. Facilities management which accounts for more than 85% of the segments fee revenue, and is a contractual business saw 7% growth. This was offset by more cyclically sensitive project management and transaction services, which together posted a 33% fee revenue decline. Even with lower contributions from these higher margin revenue sources, and 17 million incurred for COVID related expenses and three million for the COVID Relief Fund. GWS's adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue expanded more than 170 basis points to 15.4%, leading to adjusted EBITDA, growth of more than 11%. This is the highest quarterly margin ever for the GWS business and our performance was driven by proactive cost management. We sustained a high contract renewal rate in the quarter, and the new business pipeline continued to increase from your end levels. COVID logistical challenges continue to hamper and prolong the contracting and on-boarding processes. Yet, after a pause at the onset of the COVID crisis, companies are beginning to move ahead without sourcing plans as they seek to capture efficiencies in a constrained economic environment. GWS is also a well diversified business, serving clients across a wide array of property types and industries, including many deemed essential during the current crisis. We are very proud of the work our GWS team continues to do supporting our clients during this challenging time. Turning to Slide 10. Our real estate investment segment adjusted EBITDA came in at 18 million down 41%, it included incremental COVID expenses and the relief fund donation allocation, which together totaled about $2 million. Investment management was a standout performer with adjusted EBITDA rising 62%. This reflected strong growth and recurring asset management fees, AUM increasing three billion from a year-over-year period, as well as higher carried interest in co-investment returns partially offset by lower acquisition, incentives and disposition fees. Our focus on core and corporate strategies is highly advantageous in the current environment. Capital raising remains elevated totaling 11.4 billion over the past 12-months. As Bob mentioned, U.S. development is well positioned entering the downturn. Although adjusted EBITDA fell about 55% this is largely due to deal timing. We continue to be optimistic about second half performance as their in process activity stands at 13.7 billion. About half of that activity is comprised of fee development and built-to-suit and the remaining assets are well-capitalized with strong equity partners. Our development business in the UK incurred and adjusted EBITDA loss of 11 million during the period. This loss is largely attributable to transitory operational challenges due to COVID-19, including temporary construction, stoppages and other challenges, as well as constrained sales activity. We expect performance to improve now to construction and commercial activities have largely resumed. Lastly, the 9 million adjusted EBITDA loss in our enterprise focused co-working solution Connor was in line with Q1 performance. Connor's results in the period were impacted by mandated shutdowns and elevated costs to ensure the safety of occupants as units reopened. Let’s now take a look at our 2020 outlook on Slide 11, given the continued uncertainty about COVID-19 trajectory and its impact on the broader economy we will again, refrain from providing explicit EPS guidance. However, we will discuss our expectations for the remainder of 2020 in detail. Starting with the advisory services segment, where our revenue declined was shallower than we expected in the second quarter. We now expect the recovery in our transaction businesses to be more gradual and drawn out. We expect revenue decline in Q3 and Q4, to be similar to that of Q2. With relatively better performance outside of the Americas. Sales and leasing revenue were off significantly in the quarter, benefited from robust pipelines built before the COVID crisis. Future performance is highly dependent on pipeline replenishments, and we are tracking signed confidentiality agreements and other leading indicators to inform our expectations for the remainder of the year. For the rest of the advisory business combined, we expect to mid to high single-digit revenue decline. Variable costs which comprise about half of our advisory cost structure are expected to decline a bit more than overall revenue. We anticipate a modest mid single digit decrease in advisory fixed costs, as it typically takes longer for our actions in this area to show an impact. Moving to GWS. We expect gross revenue to rise in the mid single-digit and fee revenue in the mid to high single-digits with growth in contractual facilities, management revenue offsetting an expected decline in GWS transaction revenue. As a result of disciplined cost management we also expect to achieve modest margin expansion, which will drive high single-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. This growth rate includes an expected headwind from COVID related items in the mid single-digit range. Our outlook is also premised on slower growth and facilities management revenue as we face tough compares in Q3 and Q4, when facilities management achieved growth of 15% and 18% respectively. Our first half results benefited from the high level of client on boarding in late 2019 that drove the strong prior year growth rate. Simultaneously while the logistical challenges of contracting and on boarding clients are slowly receding, we did not bring on new clients during the first half at the same pace as last year. This is expected to weigh on growth in Q3 and Q4 and we would expect growth to resume to double digit levels once these new clients’ transitioned delays abate. Looking at REI, we continue to believe our core legacy business line global investment management and U.S. development are well positioned for the current environment and we anticipate more resilient performance than during the last downturn. In Investment Management, we expect adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid teens range. As higher return adjusted EBITDA, is offset by lower contributions from Net Promote as dispositions flow and lower co-investment returns. We expect U.S. developments to contribute similar adjusted EBITDA as in 2019, as investors continue to have an appetite for high quality assets. At present nearly 80% of our in-process portfolio is comprised of healthcare, industrial and multifamily properties and office properties are 90% leased. We expect UK multifamily residential development to generate sequentially improved the adjusted EBITDA in each of the remaining quarters and be about breakeven for the year. Construction resumed during May and we remain confident in the long-term trajectory of this business, given the housing shortage in the UK and our robust pipeline of new projects.  Similarly, we continue to believe in the long-term rationale for investment in Hana. But expect to incur a larger adjusted EBITDA loss in 2020 than in the prior year. This is primarily the results of additional units being brought online in 2020, as well as revenue delays due to COVID-19 related shutdowns, and longer new unit development period. Longer term, we see an opportunity for accelerated transition to an asset light investment model, partly catalyzed by dislocations in the flex space market. Turning to Slide 12, our financial position has continued to strengthen despite the challenges of COVID-19. We ended Q2 with just 0.6 turns of leverage, down 0.2 turns from a year-ago and 3.5 billion of liquidity, an increase of half a billion from the year ago period. In addition, we have no debt, maturing until 2023. Given the uncertainty around the virus' trajectory, and its impact on economic activity, we will continue to prioritize liquidity over discretionary capital deployment. Once we have more confidence in an economic recovery, we will resume deploying discretionary capital in line with our capital allocation strategy. In the meantime, we are continuing to prioritize investments in our people and platform and selective M&A. Our key focus will be companies that enhance the diversification of our service offerings and resiliency of the overall business by increasing the scale of less cyclical business lines. Finally, we view our share price is highly attractive at current levels and could resume repurchases when appropriate if we are unable to identify suitable and properly priced acquisition opportunities. While the environment remains highly uncertain, we are confident that our business and our capital structure are positioned to not only weather the challenges presented by COVID, but build on our industry leadership position and maximize long-term earnings growth. With that, I will ask you to turn to Slide 13, as Bob provides a few closing thoughts.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Leah. This certainly has been a trying time for everyone. And we are proud of how our people who have helped our clients and our company to navigate the COVID-19 crisis. In addition to the challenges of COVID-19 recent months have also seen significant social unrest here in the U.S., which has called attention to the racial inequality and injustice that have persisted in our society for too long. It has also highlighted the need for better progress on diversity and inclusion within corporate America.  From speaking with many of you, we know that this topic is extremely important to our shareholders and you expect us to address it. So, I will take a few moments to tell you where we are. We have made progress with diversity and inclusion on several fronts, for example, since 2015, we have meaningfully increased diversity on both our board of directors and management executive committee and put more women into key leadership roles. These are important gains that we are proud of, at the same time we must do more to improve ethnic diversity at our company, particularly within our management and brokerage ranks. This is a challenge we are focused on and actively addressing. Last month we appointed our first Chief Diversity Officer, Tim Dismond, who has long been a senior leader at CBRE. Tim has joined the 12 member Global Executive Committee that is responsible for running our company and will report directly to me. We intend to give Tim the necessary resources and support to accelerate our progress on diversity and inclusion. This is a priority for me personally, as well as for the company. With that operator we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Anthony Paul from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
AnthonyPaul: Thank you and good morning. I think one of the comments in the deck was around flexibility that folks are looking for. And I’m wondering if part of that, if you could talk to whether you are seeing tenants doing more short-term renewals or looking for shorter leases and seeking flexibility doing things like to potentially reduce the commission pots in the near-term.
RobertSulentic: Yes. Tony in the short-term tenants are definitively trying to make short-term decisions, given all the uncertainty that everybody is faced with what we have learned and we have confidence about is the following. And we have spent a lot of time, we surveyed our big clients that everybody knows the number of clients we have relationships with. So this is what we know. There will be more flexibility to do hybrid working going forward. There will be more work-from -home. There will also be a big focus on the office on an enduring basis. Something like 80% of the big clients we surveyed said that the office will be as important or almost as important as it was historically. And by the way, that answer came in the midst of the COVID crisis and all that goes with COVID crisis. The other thing we know is that space will be de densified. And so the net, net of what will happen is, yes, there will be more work-from-home, there will be less people in the office, but almost everybody will be back in the office in a less dense format. That is what will play out in the long run, in the short run people are trying to avoid making decisions till they have more clarity on what is going to happen with COVID-19.
AnthonyPaul: Okay. Thank you for that. And then a question on cost savings, can you just talk about where you are making those changes, can they stick once activity starts to come back? Just how to think about that and then also the COVID expenses that you called out in the second quarter, it sounds like some of those went into fund, but I was just wondering if there is more of that to come in say 3Q or 4Q.
LeahStearns: Anthony its Leah. I would start with your last part of your question. Those were primarily costs in the quarter that won't recur, unless we have significant resumption of lockdown. So, those are really onetime cost. We may have some going into the second half of the year, but I don't think will be at the same level that we saw in Q1 or Q2. And then with respect to cost savings, we are actively assessing the cost structure within the business. We want to make sure that we are structured to meet the demand environment that will evolve coming out of the current crisis. And so that is something that we certainly are looking at and expect to address over the next quarter to two. And we will certainly be able to provide more color on that when we come back and speak with you in the third quarter.
AnthonyPaul: Okay, and the just last question. On the GSE business, have you seen any need or material amounts of P&I that you all have had to extend without getting money in the door, I think that I was a topic maybe last quarter and just curious as to what the update is there, what you are seeing now?
LeahStearns: We are not seeing any material amount of forbearance requests, we have actually not received one since May, any of that was not material.
AnthonyPaul: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is now live.
JadeRahmani: Thank you very much for taking the questions and good to hear from all of you. I was wondering in terms of the transaction outlook, what key factors in your mind would drive an increase in terms of investor confidence, in terms of tenant confidence in their ability to consummate new transactions?
LeahStearns: So there are certainly elements around the environment with respect to the COVID vaccine and the ability for investors to have confidence around the economic recovery that will come out of that. I think that is critical to regaining confidence. Part of the price discovery that is going on right now, I think start with seeing a recovery on the leasing side to really build confidence on the investor side. And so we need to see really where that equilibrium shakes out. We certainly are seeing activity continue. And it is not as severe as we had expected, as I said in my remarks, but I think it will be really critical to begin to see leasing decisions on a larger scale basis, particularly on the large leasing transactions. The place where we have seen the most significant decline is on those large transactions. We still have actually seen a high volume of transactions but on a relative basis, they have been on a smaller set of - or smaller size deals. So, I think we really need to see confidence come back ground leasing, that will lead to more strong and confident underwriting behind our investors clients. And I think that will lead to better capital markets performance in the future.
JadeRahmani: Are you seeing any corporate occupiers contemplate strategies where they are going to be looking at satellite offices, suburban offices, and curtail their footprint in gateway markets?
RobertSulentic: We have seen some of our big occupier clients try to figure out whether or not satellite formats are going to work for them. Almost nobody has made a definitive decision to move in that direction. And again, I think this is the circumstance we are in now, people are really trying to figure out how this is all going to play out before they make definitive decisions. But there isn't a lot of evidence yet that that satellite model is going to be prominent.
JadeRahmani: And are you seeing companies make decisions to cancel or delay plans? Are you seeing an uptick in cancellations.
RobertSulentic: The cancellations of leases or -.
JadeRahmani: Yes. Of contracts that were in process, but not fully consummated.
RobertSulentic: Yes. I think the bottom line is everybody is trying to not make long-term decisions now, when they are generally want to make short-term decisions, by the way, they are not making long-term decisions to give up or take space either direction.
JadeRahmani: And in gateway markets, have you seen pressure in office rents? Are you seeing offs rents beginning to decline at this point?
RobertSulentic: There hasn't been enough big deal gateway transactions to draw conclusions in that regard. I mean, literally we are in an environment where people are in the wait and see mode. Renewals are generally happening where they have been happening at.
JadeRahmani: And just finally in the multifamily space where CBRE is a major lender to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, could you give any insights as to how investors in that space are looking at the risk to the outlook, particularly in the U.S. based on a potential reduction in the government stimulus programs.
LeahStearns: So for the GSEs and multi family businesses, one that is highly profitable and from a risk perspective performed incredibly well on a relative basis to the single family business that they run. So from our perspective, multifamily provides a much more affordable and cost effective way for occupants to maintain ownership of property. So we believe that the multifamily business under the GSEs is one that will be enduring and resilient through this cycle.
JadeRahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live. 
SteveSakwa: Thanks. Bob, I wanted to maybe go back to the comment you made about the densification, and maybe just help us think through you guys do a lot of work with tenants and kind of laying out space, how much more space do you think overtime those tenants could take and the offset would be letting people work from home. So when you kind of net those two out, do you think we are kind of flat down or up kind of on space needs moving forward?
RobertSulentic: Yes. I wish I could be more definitive Steve. Here is generally what happens though. By the way, this was happening before COVID, you look at the percentage of your people that are in the office at any given point in time and then you add a buffer on top of that, and you tend to size to that amount of space. So that is probably going to come down some if 10% or 15% or 20% of people are going to work a couple of days from home a week, that number will come down some, but the amount of space per person is going to go up meaningfully. I mean, offices have gotten pretty denced going into COVID-19. And that trend had been going on for years and years. We don't know exactly where that is going to play out. But it could offset most of the downward pressure in what we are seeing from people working from home. By the way, I will give you my personal view on this from having talked to a lot of clients. I think the certainty about people working from home to some degree is at least as high as everybody says it is. I think the certainty about people coming back to the office is higher than the headlines out there today, because it is exciting to give a headline to talk about all the productivity of working from home. But then you go talk to executives that run businesses that have to deal with on boarding new people, moving managers around, oversee new people, training people, dealing with collaboration, dealing with creativity. And what you hear is we got to get people back to the office. So, I mean, both of those trends have high certainly more working from home, and the importance of the office going forward, and maybe they will offset each other, the actual math hasn't sorted out yet.
SteveSakwa: Okay, thanks. I guess second question would just be around the Hana business. And, we have seen sort of a big change in kind of we work and co-working in general. How are you just sort of looking at that business? And, kind of what is the expectation moving forward? Are you as excited about that business? Or do you think, that has got kind of a slower ramp to roll out and what have you seen on the utilization front?
RobertSulentic: Well we are shutdown, Right. So, utilization is you can’t get any read on utilization. But from day one Hana was a sweet model. It was a model that was oriented toward institutional occupiers strong focus on data security, strong focus on a very professionally managed environment. And here is what it does for occupiers that we believe will make it a an important concept going forward. It allows you to have the flexibility to move in and out quickly without capital expenditures. It allows you the flexibility to assemble teams in a particular market, or a different market for relatively short periods of time, by the way, not much, but years, instead of five years, a year or two years. We believe that will be at least as important going forward as it was before COVID-19. We are excited about the Hana model. We are anticipating that it will be more of a service provider model and that the landlords will actually own the units going forward. There was a move in that direction anyway. So, we think strategically Hana was oriented toward a market that we are going to see post COVID-19. And about two-thirds of the clients we surveyed suggested that co-working although they are going to call it flexible space going forward will be a significant part of what they do and their utilization of space in the future.
SteveSakwa: Okay, and I guess last question. Leah, you made a comment about sort of preserving liquidity over discretionary capital spending, but then you said your share price is attractive, but you didn't buy back any stock in the quarter. So, I'm just sort of trying to kind of reconcile some of those comments and what would give you the confidence to buy back shares at these levels?
LeahStearns: That comment was really around liquidity, it is really focused on the current environment Steve. So, as we think about our capital allocation policy and process and our overall strategy, we ultimately seek first to invest into our business. Our platform in short scalable, ensure we have the right after setting for operations. We then look at how do we add capabilities to our existing lines of business or potentially add new capabilities that will serve our clients in the most effective and value creative way. And ultimately, if those investment opportunities are kept or are exhausted, and we don't see anything that is attractive on the horizon, our next lever for us within the capital allocation strategy is our buyback. Now, that is something that we consider in the context of a more normalized environment. And we want to make sure that we use our buyback within a framework that is cognizant of our current leverage in the overall economic environment. And so my comments were meant to imply within our current capital allocation strategy in a normal environment, we would actually be in the market from a purchase perspective, but given the importance that we are placing on liquidity today because of the uncertainty around COVID we are taking a more conservative approach and therefore preserving capital. We believe that moments and times like this can create incredible opportunities for investments that wouldn't otherwise present themselves. And so we want to make sure that we aren't getting ahead of ourselves and using our more, normal economic environment, capital allocation strategy too early. And so really providing you context that we are still committed to that strategy once we have conviction that the recovery is in sight.
SteveSakwa: Okay thanks that is it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today coming from Stephen Sheldon from Williams Blair. Your line is open.
StephenSheldon: On the new business pipeline in GWS, now sound like that is going to continue to expand nicely here. So I guess, is there any way to quantify how much of the improvement you have seen in the pipeline there over the last few quarters? And just some more detail on the types of clients, and arrangements where you're kind of seeing traction right now. 
LeahStearns: So the GWS business, the pipeline is actually at double digit from a year ago, period. We are seeing activity across many different sectors, life sciences, T&T industrial. So I think overall, we are seeing lots of opportunities across many different areas of our client base. They are pretty similar to what we saw last year, but certainly the pipeline is up. I would add that the pipeline continues to grow. It is just the period of transition from when we sign a contract to then go into full transition mode. That is the part that has presented a challenge for us just in terms of driving growth out of that pipeline. We certainly, aren't seeing a lack of interest in our service offerings. It is just, we are in a moment of a crisis and there is a bit of a pause in terms of decisions that are being made, not just on our leasing and advisory business, but also within our occupier outsourcing business. So as soon as we begin to see momentum convert from that pipeline into transitions and ultimately allow us to begin monetizing those new outsourcing contracts, I think that business will be back on its normal double digit trajectory going forward.
StephenSheldon: Got it. And then within investment sales, I get that there still a lot of crisis going on, but have you seen any conversions broadly and bid ask spreads, especially with some more economic data points since the pandemic began that could be used in underwriting. And additionally, what trends have you seen in terms of distressed sale activity that could pick up over the next few quarters?
LeahStearns: So in terms of bid ask, you are right. I think going back to my earlier comments, we certainly believe that leasing or resumption of large leasing transactions will help drive confidence within our capital markets business in particularly the marquee transactions. We have seen some trade, EMEA, APAC were certainly doing much better relative to the U.S. from that perspective. And so from where we sit today, I wouldn't say that we believe that there is high competence. As I said, my prepared remarks, we expect the second half to be a continuation for transaction businesses of what we saw in Q2. It is just uncertain given all of the COVID related issues. If we do see a second whether or not there will be an opportunity for more price discovery. With respect to distress sales, there are some, but I would say investors are being very patient. I think it is important to remember that coming into this public health crisis, this was not a thing over stretched industry from an underwriting perspective, there was discipline cap rates were strong. And it wasn't a situation where there was over leveraged and significant in a bubble like activity. So we feel really good that owners and owners of properties today are sitting there and have their ability to be patient and can weather this crises.
StephenSheldon: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming Michael Funk from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
MichaelFunk: Yes, thank you very much and good morning everyone. So thank you for the qualitative guidance. Actually, it is very helpful. And I understand your comment about the linkage between leasing and sales activity, but just so I understand it, so if we are assuming based on headlines that companies don't begin to run repopulating offices until sometime in 2021. Is it fair to assume that your baseline is that these trends continue well into 2021?
LeahStearns: It is really too early to speak to, and again, we are just providing qualitative guidance for 2020 because of the uncertainty around the economic outlook, and how that relates to the current COVID environment. We are watching so many different indicators across the disease, the macroeconomic landscape and within commercial real estate, as an industry, and as we get more condition as to how that will lead into 2021. And the business trends will certainly provide that color, Michael I think it is just too early to say how it will translate today.
MichaelFunk: Okay. And then on the on the relatively strong trend in Germany, China and Mexico. Is that something you see continuing through the remainder of the year are there reasonably that might change direction?
LeahStearns: There was some marquee asset transactions that happened in our Germany business, I would say China's certainly whether resumption of activity posts the locked down, that certainly was a bright spot in the quarter. But I think those markets are smaller, we tend to see more volatility in the performance of those markets. And I would say just pointing to our broader statements around how we believe the second half will play out, we think that our international businesses will likely be a bit stronger just because they do have that diversification. Whereas in the U.S., we certainly have a strong belief that it will be a more muted environment.
MichaelFunk: Okay And you just commented on price discovery, I guess that implies that people are putting pen to paper or at least paying attention to cap rates available assets. If that is true, I think you are in early conversations with potential investors, are you going to see color on where that bid ask spread is today. Let's say cap rates were, 3% pronounced at last, where is that essential bid today?
LeahStearns: Again, there haven't been enough transactions to really give you a strong - to lead to strong conviction on my part if I can answer that question with any certainty. I would just say that there certainly are investors who are watching closely what is happening in all the markets. I think there are opportunities for domestic capital where, cross border capital maybe constrained due to travel restrictions, that presents unique opportunities for pension and other funds who may have historically been, sitting on the sidelines, because of the level of competition from foreign capital. That gives some pretty unique opportunities for investors in markets to capitalize on distressed sales if they are presenting themselves. But I would just say the volume of activity is just not sufficient enough for us to be able to say today what a bid ask is.
MichaelFunk: And then one more if I could please. You said you are assessing the cost structure. And so, I didn't share any target range for cost savings, you have a target range for cost savings?
LeahStearns: We certainly do. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I think from my perspective, sitting here today, it is important for us to take a step back and look at the overall demand environment that is developing as it relates to all of the different lines of businesses that we currently operate and make sure that the business and the cost structure that we have going into 2021 is right sized. And so I don't want to jump to any conclusions as to what that will look like because we are watching several indicators and several trends develop, but we certainly are actively assessing opportunities across the platform to make sure that we are rightsizing the business from a fixed cost perspective as we head into the second half of the year in 2021.
MichaelFunk: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you everyone for being with us. And we will talk to you at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE's First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kristyn Farahmand, Vice President and Corporate Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Kristyn Farahmand: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to CBRE's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website cbre.com, along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an Excel file that contains additional supplemental materials.  Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I'll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter; next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO; and Leah Stearns, our CFO, will discuss our first quarter results in more detail. After these comments, we'll open up the call for your questions. Before I begin, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Future growth prospects, operations, market share, capital deployment, acquisition integration, financial performance and 2020 outlook, including the impact of COVID-19 and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and 10-Q, respectively.  We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of this presentation slide deck. Now please turn to slide four of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the first quarter of 2020. Combined services revenue grew 13%, while adjusted EBITDA rose 8%, primarily driven by advisory services. Adjusted EBITDA in our Real Estate investment segment fell 56% year-over-year, largely due to a $27 million decline in co-investments in our Public Securities business, driven by the equity market sell-off at the end of the quarter and fewer large development deals that in Q1 2019. Overall, adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA decreased modestly versus the prior year with strength in advisory services offsetting most of the REI decline. As a reminder, this will be the last quarter that we will provide geographic level disclosures based on the old segment reporting in our Excel supplemental, given the change to reporting three global business segments that we adopted at the beginning of 2019. Now for an update on our business fundamentals, please turn to slide six, and I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Kristyn, and good morning, everyone. We hope all of you are coping with COVID-19's many disruptions, and we wish you and your families' good health during this very difficult time. We are encouraged by the emerging signs that COVID-19 is being brought under control and early moves by some governments to reopen parts of their economies. We hope this progress can continue, and we extend our thanks to everyone on the front lines of the battle with this disease. With the global economy in a recession today, the steps we have taken over the past decade to strengthen CBRE have prepared us well for the current environment. Compared with the global financial crisis, we have a stronger market position across our business lines, a more diversified and contractual revenue base. A significantly stronger balance sheet with markedly more liquidity and a leadership team that is far better equipped to manage our cost structure. As the impact of COVID-19 began to emerge, we moved aggressively in early to take out nonessential costs. In early April, I decided to forgo my salary and our top executive leaders also agreed to meaningfully reduce their compensation. While these moves do not materially impact our financials, they create a precedent that allows us to take on other difficult actions to adjust our workforce to reflect lower levels of client demand. These moves include some job eliminations, but mostly consist of furloughs and reduced work schedules, giving us flexibility to bring back staff as needed when business activity resumes. The coming quarters will no doubt be challenging for our industry. In light of how suddenly and severely, economic growth has collapsed, we are taking actions to mitigate the impact across every part of our business, which Leah will cover in her remarks. Notably, we moved 100% of our people who work from CBRE offices in the U.S. to working from home on the night of March 13. This seamless transition confirmed the scalability of our digital and technology infrastructure and the adaptability of our workforce. Every substantial downturn creates fundamental changes in the way that commercial real estate is designed, developed, financed and used. I will cite five examples that occurred in the aftermath of the great financial crisis. First, e-commerce catalyzed a sharp increase in warehouse and logistics space utilization. Second, demand exploded for institutionally managed multifamily housing. Third, the growth of real estate outsourcing accelerated as companies pursued greater cost efficiencies. Fourth, an increased emphasis on the office occupancy experience drove demand for leasing and related project services. And finally, property ownership became much more institutional with well capitalized investors depending on third-party firms to manage, lease, value, finance and monetize these assets. CBRE benefited in a big way from each of these trends, which taken together, had a major impact on our decade-long record of robust growth. COVID-19 is likely to bring about equally powerful changes to our sector, and we believe CBRE is again well positioned for our industry's next evolution. Given our strong balance sheet and industry-leading market position, we are poised to withstand the negative impacts of COVID-19, while also remaining very focused on identifying and capitalizing on potential long-term growth catalysts that will emerge from this crisis. With that, I'll turn the call over to Leah.
Leah Stearns: Thanks, Bob. Turning to slide eight. Our Advisory Services segment grew fee revenue about 5%, while adjusted EBITDA rose nearly 11%. Advisory adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue increased 100 basis points to 17.5%. The segment's sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year margin expansion. For most of our markets, COVID-19 did not have a material impact until mid-March. In January and February, our U.S. sales and leasing businesses posted healthy gains, but revenue declined by mid-teens in March. In April, U.S. sales and leasing revenue declined over 40% from April 2019 levels. Across the rest of our transactional business, declines were more muted due to its diversified geographic footprint. In response to these trends, we have taken decisive action to temporarily lower costs within our transactional business through furloughs of non-revenue-generating staff as well as reduced nonessential costs such as promotional and travel and entertainment expenses. Despite these late quarter pressures, revenue growth for our property sales business rose by 12% during Q1, which was a new all-time high for CBRE in first quarter property sales revenue. Growth was led by North Asia, as strength in Japan offset weakness in Greater China, and in Continental Europe, where our largest market, France and Germany delivered double-digit revenue gains. In the U.S., property sales revenue was up 3%. The increase was tempered by a decline in average deal size. During the quarter and continuing the trend we saw emerge in late 2019, leasing revenue slipped by 2% on both a global basis and in our largest market, the U.S. This decline reflects very tough comparisons with Q1 2019 when recent growth was more than 20% globally and 28% in the U.S. Like the prior two quarters, activity with co-working providers lowered U.S. leasing growth by about 3%. Certain advisory segment revenues were less impacted by COVID-19 in Q1, including our loan servicing, valuations and Property Management businesses. During the quarter, these lines of business accounted for approximately 22% of the advisory segment revenues and delivered 8% revenue growth.  Turning to slide nine. Our Global Workplace Solutions segment grew growth and fee revenue by approximately 18% and 17%, respectively. Fee revenue rose 20% in facilities management and nearly 16% in Project Management. We had our best quarter ever for contract renewals with a rate that was once again over 90%, and we secured new business with large high-quality clients in the transportation and logistics and life sciences sectors. Adjusted EBITDA was flat with the prior year period. This primarily reflected a write down of receivables due to a contract settlement with a client, which reduced the adjusted EBITDA margin for this segment by 110 basis points. There were also some other items such as a shift to lower margin facilities management and COVID-related expenses that also weighed on the margin. Since the emergence of COVID-19, our GWS team has been highly focused on helping our clients navigate this challenging situation and enhancing our long-term partnerships, which Bob will discuss in his closing remarks.  Turning to slide 10. Let's now look at our Real Estate Investment segment, where adjusted EBITDA fell 56% year-over-year to $38 million. This primarily was driven by a $27 million decline in co-investment returns provided by our public securities business, reflecting the sharp equity market sell-off at the end of the quarter. We also faced a tough comparison for large development asset sales, which were particularly strong in Q1 2019. Activity in our development business started 2020 strong with several deals, which we had expected to close in late Q4, being completed within the first 30 days of the year. Later in the quarter and partially attributable to the early impact of COVID-19, we saw further delays in development transactions. Importantly, these declines were partially offset by our Investment Management business, which saw continued growth in recurring revenue, which climbed 7% over prior year and contributed $20 million and adjusted EBITDA, over 50% of this segment's total in the quarter. Finally, investment in the start-up of our enterprise-focused flexible workspace business, Hana, subtracted about $9 million from adjusted EBITDA.  Looking at Slide 11. Let's now take a look at our 2020 outlook. Given the uncertainty caused by COVID-19, we have withdrawn our explicit EPS guidance for the year and will instead provide qualitative commentary for each of our business segments. In Advisory, we expect a significant drop in revenue from our two largest business lines, leasing and property sales. That will outpace the decline in economic activity. As I highlighted previously, April's sales and leasing revenue in the U.S. contracted severely and the timing and the velocity of any recovery is highly dependent on the trajectory of the containment of COVID-19 as well as the recovery of consumer and business sentiments. Additionally, while our business is geographically diverse, the U.S. and U.K. comprise more than 70% of our global leasing and property sales revenue in 2019. We also expect loan origination volumes to decline due to continued economic uncertainty, which will weigh on loan servicing revenue. We will also need to support modest liquidity requirements necessitated by the GSE's rent forbearance, specifically for Fannie Mae, which comprises about 12% of our loan servicing portfolio.  Thus far, a dominiums number of borrowers have been approved for forbearance, and this has not had a material impact on our business to date. Lastly, about two-three of the cost of sales in our advisory business is variable in nature as commissions decline in steps with transaction volumes. This should help to support our margins in this segment as cost of sales comprise the majority of our total costs in advisory. Moving to GWS, where revenue is generated from multiyear contracts. We expect this segment to be relatively resilient and continue to expect positive revenue growth, albeit at a rate lower than our original expectations. As the pandemic creates pressures not seen in previous downturns, largely stemming from logistical challenges. Our expectations for growth in GWS reflects the in-year impact of our new business secured in 2019, which is being partially offset by the operational challenges and on boarding new clients as a result of the current shelter in place orders. In addition, we are absorbing certain COVID-19 costs within our GWS business to ensure we are fully prepared to support our clients as they reopen their business locations. In addition, while infrequent, we have experienced business upsets on certain GWS client accounts.  Given the slower pace of growth expected in 2020, we are focused on improving our business processes to ensure we are ready to accelerate growth when business conditions rebound. We continue to believe that our outsourcing business is positioned to benefit from challenging economic conditions, offering clients more efficient and cost-effective facility solutions. We expect Project Management, which comprises about 12% of our GWS Segment revenue to see near-term pressures as clients delay some work. Looking at REI. We believe this business segment is positioned to perform more resiliently than in previous recessions. Our development business is in a relatively strong position with conservatively financed projects, stable equity partners, and a pipeline that is heavily weighted toward core industrial and logistics projects as well as office properties that are about 80% pre-leased. Nonetheless, the pace of development asset dispositions will continue to slow in the near-term as we and our equity partners are not under pressure to monetize assets quickly. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA in Investment Management is highly recurring, as I mentioned earlier, and we expect the impact of co-investments to ease over time as we reduce our exposure to publicly traded securities. As you would expect, we've also started to incur costs directly attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, which totaled around $3 million in Q1. These costs are expected to increase as we prepare offices for the return of our employees, incur incremental compensation for certain employees required to work on-site and enhance safety training. Lastly, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the dislocation in the flexible workspace market, and have positioned Hana to serve enterprise clients that desire private workspaces. However, in the short term, we will slow the pace of expected Hana unit openings in 2020. Until we have more clarity around COVID-19 impact on occupier demand. Turning to slide 12. Our financial position is strong, we ended Q1 with just 0.6 turns of leverage, liquidity of $3.4 billion, no debt maturities until 2023 and an investment-grade credit rating. Our significant balance sheet flexibility provides us a solid foundation from which to execute our strategy. In 2020, our capital allocation will continue to prioritize internal investments in our platform and people to drive superior client outcomes and long-term growth. Our M&A strategy is focused on enhancing and differentiating our capabilities globally, and we believe that COVID-19 crisis may lead to unique and compelling opportunities. Finally, we may utilize our share repurchase program to continue offsetting the impact of our stock-based compensation program. And on a more opportunistic basis, if we believe our stock presents an attractive investment compared with other discretionary uses. While the current situation is highly uncertain, we're confident that we've enhanced the resiliency of our business and our capital structure to build upon our industry leadership position. In addition, our senior leadership team is taking decisive action to identify opportunities to further differentiate CBRE and position the business to accelerate once we are more certain of an economic recovery. With that, I'll ask you to turn to slide 13, as Bob provides a few closing thoughts.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Leah. Before we conclude this morning's call, I'll take a few minutes to highlight ways that CBRE's business activities for clients are producing social good. We know this is of great importance to many of our shareholders because they tell us so on a regular basis. And with the COVID-19 pandemic, the need has never been more urgent. CBRE teams around the world have been going to extraordinary links to serve our clients as they react to the demands of COVID-19.  In Spain, our team worked with our client, the Hospital Del Mar to convert the Hotel Barcelona Princess into an extension of the hospital. The 363 room field hospital opened on April one and serves more than 200 COVID-19 patients. CBRE's on-site technicians provided essential maintenance and installation services to keep the field hospital running. In the U.K., we supported our client National Exhibition Center in the creation of its Birmingham Nightingale field hospital for COVID-19 patients. The first phase of the hospital opened on April 16, our team delivered essential materials and services and provides ongoing maintenance of the hospital. In Atlanta, our project management team worked with our client, Piedmont Healthcare to move up the opening of the patient floors in a new building under construction by more than three months to create more capacity as the hospital prepared for potentially higher admissions due to COVID-19. While many of our people have been working remotely, we have some 40,000 professionals like the ones highlighted here who have been working at client locations to keep properties operational and essential projects moving forward. They are among the unsung heroes of the COVID-19 crisis, and we salute them. We also recognize that COVID-19 has caused significant hardship for some of our CBRE people. In response, we have set aside $5 million of our more than $15 million COVID-19 relief fund to help colleagues who have fallen on hard times. The fund's remaining $10 million is dedicated to support regional and local organizations that are alleviating COVID-19 worst defects around the world. It's part of our commitment to looking out for one another as well as for our communities. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. I think my first question. My first question is for Bob, you mentioned when you come out of things like this, there's always big changes. Can you give us any initial thoughts on what you think the potential positive as well as the potential negative implications for your business long-term are that you see right now?
Bob Sulentic: I can, Tony. So, I'm going to start with industrial space. Clearly, we have a very big industrial business. We develop it, we sell it, we manage it, we finance it. And everything that's about COVID-19 that's driving e-commerce will drive the use of industrial space, and that will be an opportunity. We think multifamily will continue to grow around the world. We develop it. We finance it. We sell it. And we've got this new business in the U.K. that while in the short run, is under pressure, Telford, because of what's going on, there's going to be a real secular push for institutionally managed multifamily there. Office space is going to be a little confusing. In the short run, there's going to be a lot of discovery about working from home versus working in offices. Our best guess is that there'll be more working from home and less dense use of office, lots of services provided to get to that state of affairs. And sometimes when you can't figure out what's going to happen, you look for clues, we think a good analogy is what happened in the last three years before COVID-19 when there was an intense move toward alternative workplace in office space around the world. And one of the big concerns about that was that occupiers were going to be able to use 65%, 70%, 75% of the space that they had previously occupied. That, in fact, happened. But it also created for ourselves and our competitors, one of the biggest opportunities we've seen in years as there was a lot of opportunity to do new leasing, reconfigure space, et cetera. So we're going to watch what happens with our office space. We also think there's going to be something that goes on in the middle between what happens at home and what happens in multi-tenant buildings with flex space. It's not going to be co-working as we've known it with membership type circumstances, but we think suites type high-quality with real data security very professionally managed is going to be quite attractive to some subset of occupiers as they serve their people working from home, maybe smaller populations, permanent populations in offices, and our Hana product, we think, is well positioned to take advantage of that if that happens. We very much like the positioning of that product, which is suites oriented. So those are some of the things that could happen. There will be other things outsourcing will almost inevitably accelerate because of the intense focus on cost control that corporations have. We will benefit from that. So we're watching all these things, and there'll be some things happen that we can't see as we sit here right now.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And on the outsourcing side, you gave a little color on just potential pressure points there. But do you think the EBITDA from that business still grows in 2020? Or is there just too many pressure points at this point for that to go up?
Leah Stearns: So Tony, it's Leah. We're not giving explicit guidance around EBITDA for the business. But I would say that we do expect, just given the tailwind of new contract wins from 2019, we do believe revenue will grow. I think we're just being cautious given the fact that the operational conditions that exist around COVID-19 and our desire to manage and be prepared to accelerate out of this, we may take on some costs that otherwise we would not have. And so we just want to have the ability to manage through this in a more agile way then I think if we committed today that EBITDA would grow, we wouldn't be able to do that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then last one for me. The GSE business are more specifically the Fannie stuff, you mentioned maybe some capital needs in the near term. Can you put any numbers around that? And also whether or not you've started to take any reserves for any potential loss sharing?
Leah Stearns: Sure. So maybe just to start, with the CECL adoption at one-one, we did increase our reserve for our loan losses by about $15 million as of one-one, and that's on the balance sheet. We did take an incremental $5 million reserve on top of that through the P&L. So you'll see that in our results. We have not normalized for that. But Fannie, as it relates to the loan loss reserve and any potential funding for forbearance is fairly minimal. We actually have a very strong portfolio of loans in that part of our business, and we don't see that as having a material impact on our overall cash position.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Green with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Green: Good morning. Thank you. On the sales and leasing figure being down 40% in April, just curious what activity you're still seeing in the marketplace? And specifically, what was activity like for new leases and asset sales?
Leah Stearns: So, I'll take sales, and I'll let Bob speak to leasing activity. But with respect to sales, there were certainly some assets that were in the pipeline where terms had already been set and so certain activity has come through. With respect to industrial and logistics, that continues to be an asset class, where we're seeing strength and activity continues. The issue for slowing down that has been the primary hurdle for folks has been around inspections, on-site tours. And those are things that we would expect as shelter in place orders are lifted. We would be able to address. And in addition, we've used technology to provide more virtual visual access to space so that folks can continue doing diligence as needed.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Jason, as it relates to leasing, it's really a similar scenario to what Leah described for sales. First of all, it's heavily impacted by the fact that you can't get out and show space. Nobody's figured out how to get around that yet. And we of course, we've only been at it for a couple of months. So we completed transactions that were in the pipeline. And we, of course, have a significant base of our transactions that are renewals, and I think historically, that's been about 30% of our leasing, so that continued. But there is definitely a big impact on leasing when you can't go look at the space. And when people just have huge uncertainty in general about how long this COVID-19 thing is going to go. So we saw the downward pressure to the degree that we had described, it was down 40%, and we're going to wait and see how that plays out from here.
Jason Green: Got it. And then maybe just on the capital allocation side. You did about $50 million of repurchases in the quarter, and you're sitting about 20% below where you repurchased those shares. I guess, should we expect that you're still in the market for your shares given that price decline, or is thinking changed since you repurchased in Q1?
Leah Stearns: Sure. So the 10b5-1 plan that we had in place in Q1 was designed really to take advantage of volatile markets and I certainly think the volatility that we saw was more pronounced than what we had expected when the plan was put in place. And so it was actually executed fairly quickly in March. So as a result of that, we typically, for our programmatic share repurchase program, which effectively offsets our stock-based compensation expense, look to do that over the course of the year, and we'll continue to evaluate that. For Q2, I would just say, we're putting a premium on liquidity. We believe the visibility that we'll have into the second half of the year as the next two months unfold will be critical to our assessment in terms of future opportunity for capital allocation and the deployment of our excess liquidity. And so we are going to take a pause just in Q2 to ensure that we're able to have that visibility and how the year unfolds, and we'll look to reassess in August.
Jason Green: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Lamers with William Blair. Please proceed with your question
Josh Lamers: Wanted to touch on GWS. You noted some implementation delays within the service line over the near term. So, I'm wondering if you also expect any the in-person restrictions presently to limit any new client sales as well. Or to what extent are you able to currently bid on new contracts during this time?
Leah Stearns: So, we're actually seeing those proposals and RFP processes continue. We're having day-long scoping sessions with clients so presume, but it becomes more complicated when there are shelter in place orders so that our teams can't get out and actually fully implement the on-boarding of those new accounts. So, we aren't seeing a slowdown in terms of discussions or activity as it relates to bringing on or assessing new clients' RFPs or expansion or scope discussions. It really is just the operational complexity of us not being mobile.
Josh Lamers: And then, I understand that, as more recently, the focus is going to be on liquidity. But to start the year, you made a series of some smaller hardline SMM acquisitions. And so I'm just wondering if the current environment has changed your M&A strategy and whether or not you're getting more inbounds from a certain service line versus another?
Bob Sulentic: Josh, our M&A strategy really hasn't changed. Like everything else we're doing, it's kind of slowed down in the immediate period that we're going through as people try to figure out what they're going to do with their businesses, etcetera. People are very preoccupied by and distracted by COVID-19. No matter what else we would say. It's just a fact they're preoccupied and distracted. But our strategy for M&A remains the same, and we see the same kind of opportunities we saw before. We'll probably because of the relative strength of our balance sheet and some pressure that people might be underweight could see more opportunities. But the way you should think about CBRE's M&A strategies to look at the Telford deal. It was an opportunity to take advantage of the brand we have, the capabilities we have, the balance sheet we have to go into a market where we hadn't been before and build a capability that was very much in line with the secular trend where we had a lot of knowledge a lot of market presence and other things. And it was a great size bet for us with the assumption of that $440 million, and it made our business materially stronger. You should expect to see us do that across our three segments going forward, and we're not pushing any one segment more or less than the others. We're asking each of them to look for opportunities to build their business with M&A, where those businesses we buy can do more on the CBRE platform than they could do on their own or on another platform. We're encouraged that those opportunities will arise.
Josh Lamers : Okay. Last one for me. I'm wondering if you're seeing any increased competition within the commercial mortgage space. Are you participating in some of the refinance activity? And additionally, has a drop in mortgage rates recently? I guess, the rate on some of this paper, it caused any liquidity to dry up within the CMBS market? Or are you still seeing activity there?
Leah Stearns : So, we aren't seeing a real shift in terms of the competitive landscape on the mortgage origination front. We are we have a significant position as it relates to origination for the GSEs, and that has certainly been a major part of our underlying DSF business. But from a CMBS perspective, the GSEs have a liquidity role to play in the market. And so we're continuing to see them provide liquidity. What we are seeing though is there are higher or more restrictive covenants around underlying liquidity reserves for borrowers. And so that is slowing some of the activity. But overall, I would say, CMBS has been fairly moderate or modest in terms of new issuance, just as the market has begun to stabilize. So we're not seeing a significant it's not really coming from a competitive environment change. It's really just the overall availability of lending liquidity.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. Nice to hear from all of you and hope everyone the safe and healthy Starting with liquidity, I was wondering if you believe the 331 cash position to be sufficient or if you anticipate in the near-term drawing down any additional reserves on the revolver?
Leah Stearns: So we believe our liquidity is a sound position to maintain liquidity includes our cash balances, and we may increase that slightly over time, but you're not going to see us preemptively draw down significantly under our revolvers. We have a very strong bank group. We feel confident that they will be there for us. And we don't think it's prudent to go ahead and draw down at this time. We have our largest cash use for the year in Q1.  We've gotten through that, and we typically see cash build through the rest of the year. So we'll continue to manage our cash flows with a very significant focus on working capital. We had a really good quarter from overall working capital trends, and that was really as a result of our leadership team and our management being highly focused on that. We're working through some additional process and system enhancements to make that more structured and systematic. And so I think we're in a great position from an overall liquidity standpoint and don't see any need to increase our cash position at this time.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. So on the revolver, there are no approvals that you think could be subject to any market changes based on if the environment were to further deteriorate, say, for example, in July when unemployment insurance runs out, if there's a further downtick in economic trends?
Leah Stearns: No.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. And with respect to cash flow from operations, just looking back historically, during most of the financial crisis, the company remained in positive cash generation, and it sounds like you expect that to be the case. Just your comments on cash flow for the rest of the year being positive.
Leah Stearns: So again, we're not giving quantitative guidance, but I can tell you qualitatively, we are highly focused on receivables. We're focused on managing working capital closely. We recognize that, that is certainly a key component of getting through this uncertain time. And so our finance organization and our business leadership are partnering together to make sure that, that level of focus and importance is being placed on that.
Jade Rahmani: I was wondering if you were seeing any green shoots in early May. There's been some positive commentary in, for example, the affordable housing space about a recent uptick in rent collections. Wondering if you're seeing any green shoots across other aspects of the business?
Jade Rahmani: We're monitoring a lot of different factors. I think for May, it's just a little too early to declare any specific trend as being one to emerge. So at this point, I'll try away from specifically addressing any specific item for May, but we are certainly watching external as well as internal factors to give us more confidence in terms of certain trends that may be evolving toward a near-term resolution of the current environment?
Jade Rahmani : Okay. On the multifamily loan loss reserve, you noted a $5 million increase in the reserve post the initial CECL reserve as a result of COVID-19, which seems somewhat modest. And I was wondering if you anticipate sequential increases in reserves going forward as perhaps the full potential economic impact becomes more clear.
Leah Stearns : So we have spent an incredible amount of time on our loan loss reserve position. We feel very good about where we are. That is certainly something that will grow over time as our loan book increases. We have a very solid base of loans that we currently have in that portion of our overall portfolio. They have a strong debt service coverage ratio of about 1.9. We have a strong loan-to-value of about 65%. So we feel very good about where we are from a reserve perspective. I think if you go back to the GFC and assume the default levels that occurred then, we have a reserve that would be positioned in excess of what the losses would accumulate to be at the GFC level. So we feel very good about where we are. From an overall perspective, we've also seen very limited our requests for forbearance, we've seen less than 1% of what could be required to fund request to be funded so far. So again, I think we feel very good about where we are and that the quality of the loan book that we're currently sitting with today is in a solid position.
Jade Rahmani : Okay. Turning to GWS. I was wondering if you could comment on the customer that made the decision to move management in-house. Is that a one-off situation? What kind of property type and customer was that? And what drove the customers thinking?
Leah Stearns : Sure. It was a portion of the contract. It wasn't the full relationship. It was a retail client, and it was one that was using our FacilitySource platform. So we are very focused on making sure that we continue to invest in facility sources to make sure that we have the appropriate technology platform and other components of the on-demand model positioned to serve the needs of all of our clients. I think this was just a very unique case. Again, this has not happened previously, where there may have just been some disconnect in terms of what our client wanted, and how it was executed. And so we're taking this time, particularly given the slower environment as it relates to onboarding clients to really focus on improving processes and making sure we're making those investments to really come out of this in a stronger position.
Jade Rahmani : And lastly, I wanted to ask about Hana. If you could quantify the aggregate amount of investment that's been made, particularly what's currently on the balance sheet and if there's any risk of impairment or writedown of that going forward as the outlook for flex workspace may change? Or maybe you could contrast Hana's business to other co-working business models.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, this is Bob. Our expense for Hana last year was around $40 million. I believe this year, we're going to bring that down some because we've slowed the rate upon which we're adding new Hanas. We thought we'd get to 20 this year, we'll probably get to 10. In terms of the prospects for that, I mentioned earlier, we think that Hana gives us a very good option on what might happen in the flex space market. We do believe the flex space market is going to be real. It's going to be important to landlords. We're spending a lot of time with our big occupiers. We know they're going to want some of that capability in their portfolio. It's going to be different than what most of the flex space market has been historically. Much of it's been around the membership model, individuals or small groups in shared space. Hana from day one has been a suite product. Hana from day one has been higher quality, less dense, very strong on data security. We think it's a product that very likely could play quite well going forward. Of course, we're going to have to watch and see what happens. We also believe that there's a real chance, and we're in discussions with some landlords on this that landlords that want to control flex space in their own buildings, high-quality, flex space, suites oriented, we're going to want to have somebody white label that for them because they do not want to try to build the infrastructure themselves to operate it. They just they aren't going to have the scale to do that. So we're hopeful that, that could be one of the good opportunities for us coming out of the COVID-19 situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Funk with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Angela Zhao: Good morning, guys. It's Angela Zhao on for Mike Fung from BofA. A couple, if I may. First, what have you seen with transaction-based activity since the end of 1Q? Any color on what you've seen so far? And another thing is, what percentage would you say of the deals are being canceled?
Leah Stearns : So, we're still assessing the overall pipeline. So, I would say, post Q1, I can't speak to the specific percentage that have been canceled because some may just be on hold. But overall, in the U.S., as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had about a 40% decline in overall transaction revenue. In across our leasing and sales business. Across the rest of the world because we do have a highly diversified footprint, EMEA and APAC, some markets are coming back online. So North Asia is seeing strength, whereas we certainly saw some softness to not at such an extreme extent as the U.S., but a softer environment in Continental Europe and the U.K. So I would just say it's a bit of a mixed bag outside of the U.S., but we certainly saw a significant reduction on the transactional side in the U.S. and really, it's hard to tell how many of them are truly canceled because many clients at this point are still contemplating what their move is going to be once they see greater transparency around how the economy and they are coming out of the COVID situation.
Angela Zhao: One more, if I could. What assumptions do you use in your loan loss?
Leah Stearns: Well, again, it goes back to the probability of loss associated with the overall transaction. So, when we look at the loan loss, we have assessed our view on the overall default rates, the quality of the portfolio and our forecast in terms of underlying growth and the underlying growth of the property NOIs based on what is sitting in the loan portfolio at this time. So, because, as I said before, we have about a 1.9 DSR DSCR coverage ratio for the loans that are in that portfolio as well as a very low loan-to-value. We feel very good about the underwriting standards and the quality that sits in those portfolios today. And so we feel very good about where we are relative to our position.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Stay healthy, and we look forward to being with you at the end of the second quarter when we talk again.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to CBRE’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brad Burke, Senior Vice President and Corporate Finance and Investor Relations for CBRE. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to CBRE's fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I am pleased to introduce Kristyn Farahmand, who joined CBRE in October as Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Many of you have already met or interacted with Kristyn and she'll serve as your primary point of contact with the company. Kristyn will also host our earnings call. So I am pleased to turn the call over to her. Kristyn?
Kristyn Farahmand: Thanks Brad. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I’ll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter; next, Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Leah Stearns, our CFO will discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail; after these comments, we will open up the call for your questions. Before I begin, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, capital deployment, acquisition, integration, and financial performance, including our 2019 outlook and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, along with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Now, please turn to slide 4 of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was up 9% to $1.32 on revenue growth of 13% and fee revenue growth of 8%. For the full year, revenue and adjusted EBITDA set new milestones for the company at $23.9 billion and $2.1 billion respectively. Adjusted EPS for 2019 rose 13% to $3.71. Now for an update on our business fundamentals, please turn to Slide 6 and I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Kristyn. And good morning, everyone. As you've seen CBRE ended 2019 with solid growth highlighting the benefits of our diverse business and resulting in our 10th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. Our fourth quarter performance was led by very strong property sales particularly in the US, UK and Continental Europe. This performance has extended into 2020 as investors continue to believe commercial real estate is attractive relative to other asset classes. Growth was also very strong in our occupier outsourcing business, global workplace solutions where our scale and increasingly differentiated capability enabled us to capture a growing share of this expanding market. This is particularly true regarding global multi service opportunities. Leasing declined year-over-year partially offsetting the gains and sales in outsourcing. However, it is notable that Q4 2019 for was the second largest leasing quarter in the history of our company trailing only 2018 fourth quarter. We remain optimistic unleashing growth in 2020 although we will have challenging comparisons in the year's first half. Our view is informed by a survey of our top leasing clients who indicated they intend to lease slightly more space this year than in 2019. The contribution from our real estate investments segment was down due largely to a delay in the timing of certain large asset sales. Several of these assets have already been sold in the first quarter. We expect 2020 to be a solid year for asset sales in this business with our development activity at record levels. we continue to see backdrop that supports strong business performance, while we are closely watching the potential impact of ongoing risks particularly the coronavirus, we expect global economic growth to be on par with 2019 based on what we know today. With this in mind, we expect that macro conditions and our ability to take market share should drive our 11th consecutive year of solid double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth in 2020. Leah will describe our outlook in detail after she reviews the quarter's performance and our financial position. Leah?
Leah Stearns: Thanks Bob. Turning to slide 8, our Advisory Services segment grew fee revenue about 3% over the prior year period. While adjusted EBITDA rose over 4%. This positive operating leverage drove our fifth consecutive quarter of margin expansion in our advisory business with adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue increasing 30 basis points to approach 21%. Excluding the impact of OMSR gains which can fluctuate significantly in any given quarter, our advisory margins expanded by nearly 90 basis points. Performance was driven by notable strengths in EMEA and to a lesser degree Asia-Pacific. Revenue growth was led by global property sales which grew 21% resulting in new quarterly and annual revenue records for property sales. Strong growth was achieved in most parts of the world led by the United Kingdom up 44%, continental Europe up 34% which was driven by double-digit growth in our largest markets in the region France and Germany and the United States which was up over 20%. We continue to benefit from market share expansion and for the full year 2019 we gained nearly a 120 basis points of share in the US according to Real Capital Analytics. Our fourth quarter US property sales activity was notably robust for large transaction with sales over $100 million up 88% compared to last year. We also saw a broad-based growth across property types with office, industrial and hotel transactions all increasing significantly. Commercial mortgage origination revenue declined 15% as a result of slower activity from the government-sponsored enterprises earlier in the year. Prior to the formation of the new caps, which as expected, impacted transaction revenue in the fourth quarter. Origination with other lending sources notably private equity debt funds and insurance companies continue to increase. At the outset of 2020, debt capital remains plentiful at attractive rates from a variety of capital sources, including government-sponsored enterprises which have actively returned to the market. Our loan servicing portfolio ended the year at $230 billion, up over 19% from year end 2018. As expected, leasing activity decelerated sequentially in Q4 with leasing and our advisory business down nearly 7%, which compares with a record quarter in Q4, 2018 when leasing revenue rose over 25%. Leasing revenue in our largest market the US. declined by about 10% driven by a particularly tough prior year comparison, which saw a growth of nearly 33% and the lagging impact of a slight macroeconomic deterioration that occurred earlier in 2019. In addition, prior year growth included a benefit of about 6% from M&A activity and we did not see a similar benefit in the current year's fourth quarter. Lastly, co-working adversely impacted leasing growth by about 3% a similar level to that of the third quarter of 2018. Turning to slide 9, our Global Workplace Solutions segment grew growths and fee revenue by approximately 19% and 13% respectively. Strong revenue growth combined with focused cost discipline drove adjusted EBITDA growth of nearly 24% on over a 120 basis points of margin expansion. Notably margins improved on a year-over-year basis across all three lines of business. Facilities management, project management and transaction services. Occupier demand for multiple services remains robust with new contracts encompassing our full suite of services accounting for 40% of the new business secured in the fourth quarter as measured by EBITDA.  In one prominent example, we extended our relationship with Merck, the U.S.-based pharmaceutical company. We had been providing facilities management and project management services in Europe and have now added facilities management in the US and Latin America and expanded into transactions and other real estate services globally. The GWS new business pipeline also remains strong as we kick off 2020. This pipeline is dominated by well-known companies with complex worldwide requirements that are well served by a globally integrated firm like CBRE.  Flipping to slide 10. Let's now take a look at our real estate investment segments. The $9 million year-over-year decline in this segment's adjusted EBITDA stemmed primarily from certain large asset sales in the development and investment management businesses shifting from the fourth quarter of 2019 to early 2020. This shift resulted in about $18 million of adjusted EBITDA moving from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the first quarter of 2020. Several of these deals have subsequently closed at valuations in line with previous underwriting assumption. Investments in the startup of our flexible works based business Hana also contributed about $8 million to the adjusted EBITDA decline. We opened our first three Hana units in 2019 and we expect 15 to 20 units to be open by the end of 2020. We are pleased with the reception to Hana and believe we are well suited to operate flexible workspaces for institutional property owners given our creditworthiness and the secular growth of agile workspaces. We are pursuing a variety of deal structures including traditional leases and see these structures moving towards partnership, management agreements or other asset like structures over time. For the quarter, we had an adjusted EBITDA contribution of about $11 million consistent with our underwriting assumptions from Telford Homes. The UK multifamily development business we acquired in October 2019. Our results also included about $98 million revenue related to Telford. The integration of this business is proceeding as expected and we remain excited about the opportunity this acquisition affords us to expand our successful development business into EMEA. This is especially true given the improved sentiment we are seeing in the UK with reduced uncertainty now that they have formally withdrawn from the EU. As expected the US. development business improved in Q4 compared with Q3 despite the impact of some deal slippage into the first quarter of 2020. And we are continuing to transact sales that previously anticipated valuation levels. In addition, underlying market trends remain strong as evidenced by our in process portfolio and pipeline together reaching new record levels at year-end 2019. with our in process activity increasing by . $2.1 billion while the pipeline increased $2.3 billion of which more than 65% of the increase was attributable to Telford.  In investment management, we raised $13 billion in capital during 2019 while AUM increased by more than $6 billion in the quarter to nearly a $113 billion. Both our capital raising and total AUM are new records for the business, importantly investment management revenue excluding carried interest which is largely recurring fee based revenue climbed to approximately $395 million for the year. This drove the contribution from recurring adjusted EBITDA within the REI business to over 40% of this segments full-year total adjusted EBITDA.  Turning to our outlook for 2020 on slide 11. We anticipate another year of solid growth for CBRE given our current expectation of the continued appeal of commercial real estate relative to other asset classes and are cautiously optimistic view that GDP will expand versus 2019. We also expect the diversity of our revenue across lines of business, our client base and geographies will be supportive of our growth in 2020. Advisory services fee revenue is expected to increase in the mid single digit range driven by growth of a similar range in both leasing and capital market. This outlook reflects the tough comparisons we will face in the first half of the year and the activity we've seen so far in 2020. It also reflects a subdued set of expectations for the APAC region primarily China as a result of the impacts from coronavirus. For the global workplace solution segment, we anticipate fee revenue rising in the low double-digit percentage range. We expect to renew and/or expand around 90% of our expiring contracts consistent with our historical average given a strong growth we've been delivering in this segment and the highly differentiated platform CBRE offers to our outsourcing clients. We expect to be increasingly focused on profitability. As a result, we expect to continue to be selective going forward about the accounts we are willing to service and how we design our commercial approach to them. Continuing on slide 12, we expect solid adjusted EBITDA growth from our advisory and GWS segments and projected EBITDA from our REI segment will increase significantly to around $250 million in part due to the previously discussed shift of certain asset sales into 2020. We expect the contribution from REI to be roughly equally weighted between the first and second half of the year, as compared to 2019 when over two-thirds of this segments adjusted EBITDA contribution was recorded in the first half of the year. This also includes an expected $20 million contribution from the Telford acquisition, which we anticipate will be roughly offset by our incremental investment in Hana. As we ramp up Hana, our OpEx investment for 2020 should be approximately $40 million with almost half attributable to non-cash rent expense. We also expect the quarterly headwind caused by it to abate over the course of the year as occupiers are drawn to our high-quality workspaces resulting in revenue growth. In light of all of these factors and our expectations for below the line items, we expect full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share in the range $4.05 to $4.25. This indicates anticipated growth of around 12% of the midpoint of our range, which if attained would be our 11th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. I would also note that given the cadence of growth achieved in 2019, we would expect adjusted EPS growth to be higher in the second half than in the first half with around 60% of total EPS to be generated in the second half of 2020. Turning to slide 13. Our long track record of delivering solid growth across our key financial metrics has been supported by our capital allocation process. During 2019, we deployed nearly $930 million of capital. This includes about $272 million for CapEx net of tenant concessions of which about half was discretionary in nature and largely attributable to investments made to enhance the value of the CBRE digital platform through enablement CapEx. This discretionary amount also includes just over $28 million of CapEx to support the launch of Hana, while we expect the investment per unit to decline in 2020, total CapEx related to Hana should increase to between $60 million to $70 million as we get more units up and running. We also spent over $500 million for acquisitions mostly for Telford, as well as for infill M&A. And $145 million for share repurchases including $51 million in Q4 at an average price of $50.85. While supporting these investments we also lowered net leverage by nearly 0.2 turns and ended the year with significant balance sheet capacity. The investments we made during 2019 are part of our long-term commitment to enhance the resiliency of our business while extending our leadership position within the commercial real estate services industry. In fact, since the last cyclical peak we have reduced our net leverage by 1.3x while simultaneously increasing the diversification of our revenues and our exposure to less cyclical businesses, primarily through investments in our outsourcing business. This combined with our healthy balance sheets should afford us the ample capacity to take advantage of any potential market dislocations that may occur. Our financial position is unrivaled by our peers and will enable us to opportunistically invest and enhancing our capabilities and extending our long-term growth trajectory across all parts of the economic cycle. Finally, we have added free cash flow to our earnings release disclosures. Internally, we are continually focusing on optimizing our existing business and evaluating new investments on their ability to accelerate growth while expanding our future cash flows. We believe our ability to grow cash flow while pursuing strong top and bottom line growth helps drive returns for shareholders. And given this, we believe it is important to actively report on free cash flow on a regular basis. With that I'll ask you to turn to Slide 14 as Bob provides a few closing thoughts.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Leah. Before we take your questions, I'd like to briefly comment on CBRE'S efforts around environmental sustainability since this is a subject that we are hearing about increasingly from our shareholders. CBRE has long been at the forefront of sustainability issues in our sector. With responsibility for managing nearly 7 billion square feet of space around the world, we are very well positioned to have an impact on sustainability and we've been doing just that for some time. We've registered more than 5,600 US properties in the Energy Star program and have completed more than 1,000 Lean certifications on behalf of our clients. In our own workplaces, we pledged in 2016 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by the year 2025. We are well on our way to exceeding this goal with emissions already down 28%. The strides we are making have resulted in seaberries inclusion in indexes that benchmark sustainability performance such as the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index and the FTSE for good index. Most recently Barron's named us 13th most sustainable company out of 1,000 major US companies that were evaluated reflecting our leading performance on a variety of environmental, social and governance metrics. We look forward to updating the market in May when we publish our annual corporate responsibility report. With that operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from the line of Jason Green with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
JasonGreen: Good morning. Just on coronavirus which seems to be front of mind for everybody right now. I know it might be too early but what are you seeing from sales and leasing perspective in regions or countries that have had issues with the coronavirus. And then to the extent possible what's your expectation for how this will flow through to the real estate sales market moving forward?
BobSulentic: Jason, this is Bob. We have not seen a big impact outside of China so far this year, but we're like everybody else we're watching this very closely. We're concerned as it spreads and if it becomes a bigger issue in the economy in general then of course it will impact our business, but we don't have a point of view about this that's different than what you're reading in the papers by others.
JasonGreen: Got it. And then on the US sales being up 18%, were there any specific regions or asset classes that captured an outsized allocation of those revenues?
LeahStearns: Sure, Jason. This is Leah. In terms of US capital markets we saw a broad-based activity really across almost every sector, office, industrial were very strong. So overall I would say quite a good quarter and probably the only area of weakness was retail.
JasonGreen: Got it and then just the last one for me just given co-working impacted leasing adversely by 3% in the quarter, is that something we should expect over the next three quarters roughly a 3% headwind just considering the first three quarters of the year didn't really have any slowdown in co-working leasing.
LeahStearns: We saw that 3% last quarter. So I'd say there's probably about two more quarters left in terms of that headwind for leasing.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
AnthonyPaolone: Yes. Thank you. Just to follow up on the virus impact. So can you just give us a little bit more detail like our employees working from home? Are you seeing lease signings just get pushed out or sales closings pushed out like what is the day-to-day effect in the places where you've seen the most impact?
LeahStearns: Sure, Anthony. With respect to the day-to-day impact it, it really is more of a supply issue. I would say demand continues to be there. We have people who are very active. They are work remotely. It's really about being able to get out and perform for example diligence on properties. If we have sales and the transaction pipeline things like that. It's not that we're seeing that demand go away. It's just -- there's a bit of pause with respect to people actually being able to do physical activities on the ground. But we continue to see a very strong overall environment in terms of asset allocations continuing to flow into real estate particularly given their strong position on a relative basis to broader equities and other asset classes. So we still feel very good about the overall real estate market and the demand drivers there.
AnthonyPaolone: Did you all push any of the activity into 2H, when you talked about the growth being a little more second half of the year loaded. I know there are comps and things like that involved but are there any of that just related to pushing back activity because of this?
LeahStearns: I think you're right. I think this is -- we likely won't see it in Q1. It will be more of a Q2 event and we have reflected some of that expectation in our international growth within the advisory segment. But we don't guide to quarterly numbers. So other than just letting you know that we do expect this year to be more back end loaded. I think that's probably the extent to which we can give you color.
AnthonyPaolone: Okay. And then the UK and general Europe capital market trends were very strong. Is that mainly a comp matter for 4Q or how should we think about that part of the world ? And even more broadly in 2020.
LeahStearns: So we saw the fourth quarter strength really coming in, I guess, a handful of key markets really our largest markets in Continental Europe, as well as the UK. I think in the fourth quarter we certainly saw a bit of resumption of activity after the UK exited the EU. I think that was just an overhang on the market. And we certainly saw activity pick up in a very healthy way. I do think we took share in terms of overall capital markets activity in the UK, as well as across Europe. And we just had really strong results primarily in France, Germany and Spain. So just a really nice quarter from our team from a capital markets perspective there.
AnthonyPaolone: And then just last question on Telford. I think $20 million EBITDA contribution in 2020 which would put the multiple over 20 times, is that how we should think about the economics of that or what's ---
LeahStearns: No. Actually there -- there's a slight difference just in terms of GAAP versus cash with respect to how you would see those numbers come through given it as a development business. We actually on a cash basis think it was more of a 10 times deal. It's just with respect to the timing of the divestitures for the development pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mike Funk with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
MikeFunk: Yes, hi. Good morning. Thank you for the questions. Just a couple, so Bank of America we cut our global GDP forecast this morning down to 2.8. So just hoping to get your commentary on the correlation of your business to potentially lower GDP growth versus things like rates and capital flows. That's the first question.
LeahStearns: Sure. Yes. I would go back to there continue to be very strong fundamentals around real estate as an asset class that continues to be very attractive on a relative basis. And so while there are drivers that influence us as a result of overall GDP activity, I would just point to the fact that on a relative basis real estate is quite an attractive asset class for investors. And we aren't seeing that demand go away. I think that's probably --
MikeFunk: Then on the mortgage side, obviously, little bit of pull back from the GSEs in second half of 2019, probably this one uncertainty there. What's your expectation for activity in 2020?
LeahStearns: Yes. I think they, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we had expected there to be a pullback from the GSEs in the second half of 2019 and that was really a result of the reform around the caps that were put in place. And since then we've seen a normalization of activity around that part of our business. And in fact, very strong amount of demand coming out of the GSEs.
MikeFunk: And then last one if I could. Just any commentary on strength or weakness at customer verticals in terms of leasing activity you're seeing.
BobSulentic: Yes. Mike, this is Bob. We continue to see real strength in leasing from technology companies. And we see real strength from distribution oriented companies in e-commerce. So those are the most notable areas of strength in our leasing business.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
StephenSheldon: Hi. Good morning. You talked about GWS renewals turning in line I think with historical averages this year but I think you may have also said something about walking away from certain contracts. Can you talk about that dynamic, if I heard that correctly? And I guess some detail on the situations in which you might be making that decision.
LeahStearns: Sure. And in some of those situations where we don't participate. Those are RFPs that may not be related to existing contracts that we are currently managing. So it really is about bringing a continuous amount of discipline to our sales pipeline and process. It really again goes back to given the fact that we have the most globally integrated platform across commercial real estate services. We are in a position to be able to bring a wealth of suite, really a comprehensive suite of solutions for our clients. And as a result I know we believe we can provide better service and a higher quality experience for them from a facilities management perspective. And so we're just being very cognizant of that and making sure that as we do pursue new accounts that we are very disciplined in terms of making sure that we aren't overextending where we don't need to.
StephenSheldon: Got it. That's helpful. On the Hana rollout seems like you're going to push the pedal more there this year with 15 to 20 locations open by year end. I think you said you would only expect a drag of about $20 million in 2020 from this expansion on the profit side. So wanted to ask about that. Can you can you maybe help frame what revenue contribution you're roughly expecting this year? And how unit economics may trend especially with the different structures you're at least considering?
LeahStearns: Sure. In terms of Hana overall we are expecting that to be a further drag on 2020 numbers. However, we do have the expectation of a ramp up of activity in the second half of the year that will vary depending on the ultimate type of transactions that come through the pipeline whether it's a lease management agreement or a partnership. Let's say all in terms of revenue we expect there to be around $30 million of revenue from Hana in 2020 and again that will ramp into the second half of the year. There really isn't much of that in the first half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
JadeRahmani: Thank you very much. When you think about the guidance how much risk do you think there is from coronavirus? I'm somewhat surprised that you're willing to provide guidance at this point given how much uncertainty there is? And how it could potentially impact transactions?
LeahStearns: Well, again I think it's important to remember that a significant portion of our business is indicated through a very strong pipeline. And as I said in the beginning demand from our clients both on the outsourcing, as well as the transactional side of our business continues to be very strong. We are not seeing today any material pull back as it relates to the broader sentiment from our client base as a result of coronavirus. Now we are being cautiously optimistic that that will continue, but we certainly will provide an update on our next earnings call with respect to that.
JadeRahmani: Okay. Turning to the APAC region, is China approximately 4% fee revenue and is it reasonable to expect that half of that is property management and the other half advisory services. And then can you also give an update as to what's going on in Japan where I believe the Prime Minister just requested all schools to be shuttered for the next 30 days. How big is Japan as a market for CBRE?
LeahStearns: So in terms of China, China's only about 50 basis points of our EBITDA in 2020. So again a very small amount of our current expected activity for the year. And Japan is only around 1% and 1.5%. So relative to our overall business those are very small components.
JadeRahmani: And APAC as a whole is about 16% or so of fee revenue, maybe half of that as a contribution to EBITDA so what are the other major APAC markets?
LeahStearns: So you have Australia, South Korea and Singapore, India.
JadeRahmani: And has there been any impact to those markets as yet?
LeahStearns: Not material. As I said demand continues to be there. We really see this as more of an issue around execution if there are necessary kinds of in-person diligence activities that need to happen. But again with technology we think that we can leverage that to continue to move transactions through the pipeline. We don't think it will come to a standstill. 
JadeRahmani: And touching on EMEA, has there been any impact for example Italy and perhaps some other Western European markets are seeing cases and there is a decline in activity reports on Milan is that the streets are basically empty. So just wondering if there's any impact in Italy and other close by markets?
LeahStearns: Not to date. So we continue to watch that Italy again is less than are about 60 basis points of our total EBITDA for the year. So we have a very again very diversified global presence and so again we have large multinationals as our client base. We are in over a 100 countries around the world and so while the majority of that continues to reside in the US and we are growing or contracted revenue base, we do have some pockets of our business that are in areas that have initially been hotspots of concern as it relates to the coronavirus. But we are not seeing that flow through to our pipeline as a negative impact.
JadeRahmani: Okay. Turning to leasing. I wanted to ask if there are any markets where you're seeing any changes in behavior from VC funded companies that are facing pressure for increased discipline around capital spending? I've heard anecdotally some cases of sublease space increasing in New York and San Francisco. So wanted his check in on that.
BobSulentic: Yes. Jade, we did a survey of our big leasing clients in January and talked and sought information on a number of topics most notably what markets they were interested in leasing in, in 2020 and the top markets were New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago. So we are not seeing weakness and sentiment from our leasing clients in those markets at this time.
JadeRahmani: Okay. I wanted to touch on the GAAP tax rate, if you could give any additional clarity around what drove that? There's some disclosure in the press release but I want to see if you could provide additional color.
LeahStearns: Sure. We completed a restructuring of some of our international financing entities that resulted in our ability to recognize that benefit as it relates to our tax rate in 2019. We expect that to provide some additional benefit in 2020 and 2021 and that will flow through from a cash perspective over the next say 18 to 24 months.
JadeRahmani: Should we be thinking about a lower tax rate from an adjusted earnings perspective for 2020, we're at modeling about 23%.
LeahStearns: I think it's going to be about the same from 2019; it is slightly down from that. Yes, on adjusted basis. 
JadeRahmani: On an adjusted basis.
LeahStearns: Exactly. 
JadeRahmani: And I wanted to also ask about the material weakness disclosure in EMEA. Just not sure what caused that and what the impact was, if you could provide any clarity.
LeahStearns: So we did identify a material weakness in our GWS EMEA business which is about 5% of our overall consolidated EBITDA. What's important to notice that there was no material misstatement in our financials management identified the issue and has identified the cause is just the rapid growth that that business has experienced and we need to put in stronger controls and reinforce the support for that part of our business that it's just become much broader and complex than it was 18 to 24 months ago. That is an isolated issue something that we have a unique system in place there that will work on upgrading. And so those remediations are already underway. And we feel very good about being able to get that behind us.
JadeRahmani: Okay and lastly, I just wanted to ask about the M&A outlook and specifically if there are business lines that you believe CBRE would benefit from increased scale? I would imagine that leasing capital markets and property management are already functioning at full scale. So those business lines wouldn't necessarily benefit from economies of scale perspective.
BobSulentic: Well, it's important to note that we believe there's lots of headroom for growth along all our business lines. So that you wouldn't -- let me say differently, we wouldn't be surprised and you shouldn't be surprised to see us do acquisitions in any part of our business. We have a very active program. Our leaders around the world and across our lines of business are always looking for acquisition opportunities that will improve our ability to deliver to our clients and of course when we do those acquisitions they help us with scale. We don't start with scale as the parameter we're after. And every once in a while we'll do one of these transformational acquisitions, if we find the right thing. So our strategy around M&A has not changed and we think our opportunity to potentially grow any part of our business remains intact as it relates to M&A.
Operator: Our next question comes from line up Jason Weaver with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
JasonWeaver: Hey. Good morning and congratulations on rounding at another strong year in 2019. I just got a couple questions starting with leverage down considerably at 0.4x now, does that reflect more on your conservatism of the outlook moving forward and/ or a lack of attractive acquisition scale size, acquisition opportunities in the marketplace?
LeahStearns: I wouldn't say that and certainly our leverage is in a very positive, relatively strong position for the business. And we continue to look at allocating capital just as we did last year, we spent nearly a $1 billion. We invested in our existing business. We invested in M&A and we also sought to buy back some shares from the market principally to offset the dilution from stock comp. So we'll continue to look at following that same capital allocation plan. We believe we're very well positioned if we see opportunities in the market both in terms of investing in M&A, as well as any potential dislocation in terms of evaluation from our shares that we could step in and play a meaningful role on both sides, just to continue to enhance our ability to grow earnings per share on it go for basis.
JasonWeaver: Okay. Thank you and the adjusted EBITDA margin on the global workplace solutions business seem reasonably strong versus peers. I know that there are some differences in structure and accounting treatment out there. And I know you're also getting more selective in your customer pursuits, but any comment on whether you can expect that level of profitability be sustainable on a go-forward basis?
LeahStearns: Yes. I mean that's really a top focus of our teams within the GWS segment. If you want to look at a peer comp on a gross margin basis that's another way that you can look at it. And I think on a relative basis we continue to see improvements on a gross margin, gross EBITDA margin basis as well. So, yes, we believe will continue to drive that margin improvement and that is a top focus for that group this year. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Sulentic for any final comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us today. And we look forward to talking to you again when we report our first quarter results.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to CBRE’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Brad Burke. Please go ahead. 
Brad Burke: Thank you. And welcome to CBRE's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows: First, I’ll provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter; next, Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO, and Leah Stearns, our CFO will discuss our third quarter results in more detail; after these comments, we will open up the call for your questions. Before I begin, I'll remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectations regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, capital deployment, acquisition, integration, and financial performance including our 2019 outlook and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Quarter, respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Now, please turn to slide four of our presentation, which highlights our financial results for the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share was flat at $0.79. Strong top and bottom-line growth within our two services segments, Advisory Services and Global Workplace Solutions was offset by a decline in adjusted EBITDA in our Real Estate Investments segment. The $85 million of adjusted EBITDA realized in Real Estate Investments in last year's third quarter represented an all-time record for the segment. On a combined basis, our two services segments generated fee revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA growth of over 11% and 16%, respectively. In addition, the combined adjusted EBITDA margin for our Advisory, and Global Workplace Solutions segments expanded approximately 70 basis points. Finally, our consolidated results also reflect negative foreign exchange translation impacts of 2% and 1% to fee revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, respectively. Now, for an update on our business fundamentals, I will turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. As you’ve seen, we reported another strong quarter in our services business, driven by double-digit revenue growth in global occupier outsourcing, U.S. advisory property sales, and commercial mortgage origination. We continue to benefit from strong organic growth in operating leverage in our combined services businesses. Additionally, in early October, we completed the acquisition of Telford Homes, expanding our development capabilities into the UK, where the multifamily rental market is poised for long-term secular growth. We were able to acquire Telford at an attractive valuation, reflecting market concerns due to Brexit, without materially altering our capital structure or engaging in a lengthy integration process. We believe the very successful Telford team will be able to accomplish more on CBRE's platform than they could on their own.  Strategic M&A is core to our strategy, and Telford represents the type of acquisition you should expect from CBRE. Sourcing, underwriting and integrating acquisitions is a competitive advantage for our Company. Both our M&A and our senior business leadership teams are deeply experienced at targeting, underwriting closing and integrating acquisition opportunities. Since 2014, we have deployed nearly $2.6 billion for acquisitions that have bolstered our growth, our ability to serve our clients and our strategic position in the marketplace. Leah will discuss our approach to M&A and capital allocation after she reviews the quarter in more detail. Leah?
Leah Stearns: Thanks, Bob. Turning to slide five. Our Advisory Services segment generated 8% fee revenue growth during the quarter. Strong operating leverage drove margin expansion of about 140 basis points and 17% growth in adjusted EBITDA. Over half the margin expansion resulted from commercial mortgage origination gains; the remainder is attributable to well-disciplined operating expense management against a healthy revenue growth. We saw double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in local currency from both our Americas and non-Americas regions. Our North Asia division saw the strongest adjusted EBITDA growth of any geographical region in the quarter as outstanding capital markets activity in Japan more than offset soft market conditions in Hong Kong and China. These two markets make up our Greater China region and represent less than approximately 1% of CBRE’s total adjusted EBITDA. Global capital markets, which includes both property sales and commercial mortgage origination, set the pace for revenue growth, accelerating to 11%, up significantly from 1% in the first half of the year. This acceleration was led by our commercial mortgage origination revenue growth of nearly 24%, which was fueled by an increasing number of larger transactions and market share gains with private entities including life insurers, conduits, and credit funds.  Property sales revenue growth was led by the United States, which increased by 19% on meaningful market share gains. This was primarily driven by a sizable number of larger transactions and notable strength in the Northeast region of the United States. Outside the Americas, property sales declined 6%, which includes the negative FX impact of 3%, and continued weakness in residential sales in the Pacific region and parts of Asia, excluding Asia Pacific residential, property sales growth outside the Americas was flat in local currency. Capital markets activity, particularly in the Americas continues to be bolstered by the ample supply of capital focused on investing in commercial real estate, strong occupancy rates and measured supply growth. Advisory leasing revenue rose 4% or 5% in local currency terms, a healthy increase against 17% growth in the prior year’s quarter. U.S. leasing revenue grew by 4% and was driven by clients and technology, financial services and manufacturing sectors, which accounted for nearly 60% of U.S. leasing revenue. We also saw a notable acceleration in account based deals in the quarter. Inclusive of activity now recorded in our Global Workplace Solutions segment, Americas leasing revenue rose 7% for the quarter. Leasing with coworking companies drove less than 4% of our trailing 12-month leasing revenue in the U.S., and less than 3% of U.S. leasing revenue in the third quarter. These figures include both negotiating leases for coworking companies as tenant [indiscernible] landlord agents, and placing occupiers in coworking space. The demand for coworking remains a relatively small component of the overall U.S. market, with no single operator representing more than one half of 1% of the total. While flexible office space solutions will continue to grow, this sector is not large enough to swing overall commercial real estate market fundamentals in any meaningful way. Turning to our Global Workplace Solutions segment on slide six. We produced 15% adjusted EBITDA growth with strength across our three lines of business, facilities management, project management and transactions. Importantly, our customer base also continues to be composed of large, high-quality companies with approximately 85% of our GWS revenues generated from investment grade rated clients. Fee revenue growth of 21% reflects continued strong momentum for occupier outsourcing services, boosted by landing large new enterprise client engagements and expanding existing relationships. In addition, fee revenue growth outpaced total revenue growth due to a greater rating of fixed price contracts. Slightly negative operating leverage reflected a couple of challenging accounts in Europe, which we expect to remediate next year, and a handful of choppier expense items and non-cash accounting adjustments, which totaled $12 million in the quarter. Our business has a distinct competitive advantage in securing large integrated global accounts. One recent example is Novartis, which has appointed us to provide facilities, project management and transaction and Advisory Services on a worldwide basis. The 70 million square foot portfolio represents one of our largest ever new contracts for our Global Workplace Solutions team. Our pipeline for the outsourcing business remains robust, and we're seeing more clients contracting for a bigger bundle of services. On a year-to-date basis, nearly 40% of the adjusted EBITDA associated with new contracts was derived from customers purchasing the full suite of services offered by our outsourcing business, which is up significantly, both sequentially and from the prior year period. Turning to slide seven, and our Real Estate Investments segment. Adjusted EBITDA fell by over $70 million compared with the prior year period, primarily due to the timing of development transactions. Beyond development, strong growth in our investment management business offset by incremental investments and our new flexible office space business, Hana. Development adjusted EBITDA was slightly below our expectations for the third quarter as a couple of smaller deals are now expected to transact in 2020. We also now expect one larger $20 million adjusted EBITDA deal, previously anticipated in the fourth quarter to transact in 2020. Our development business’s financial performance has natural variability from quarter-to-quarter. The market overall remains very healthy and our combined in-process and pipeline portfolio reached a record level, rising $1.3 billion sequentially. Investor enthusiasm for development projects remains high and cap rate for our Class A projects remain tight. While our timing expectations have shifted for a few specific developments, our pricing expectations have not changed. Performance in our investment management business continued to improve, contributing just over $20 million of adjusted EBITDA during the quarter. Assets under management would have reached a new record level, but for a $1.7 billion headwind from foreign currency translation. Capital raising also remains elevated with more than $12 billion raised over the past 12 months. Finally, our new coworking concept Hana opened its first location in Dallas in the quarter with units planned in Southern California and London by early next year. We believe demand for flexible workspace is here to stay and landlords and occupiers are increasingly gravitating to high quality operators with strong financial sponsorships. Our pipeline for future Hana locations focuses on major CBDs and includes a variety of structures, including management, partnership agreements, as well as leases. Turning to slide eight. We are very focused on pursuing a disciplined approach to allocating capital at CBRE. Over the last five years, we have strengthened our balance sheet, which is evidenced by our reduction in net leverage, and our more than $3 billion of liquidity. The capital structure provides us a solid foundation to execute our capital allocation strategy. Our priorities for capital allocation are focused on investing in growth, through tech enablement CapEx, accretive M&A and returning access capital to shareholders. Year-to-date, we've deployed approximately $770 million of capital, including our recent Telford acquisition and share repurchases in October. We have also invested over $142 million on capital expenditures net of concessions with well over half of this deployed for technology focused investments that enable our professionals to bring higher levels of service or clients with greater efficiency. In addition, as of today, CBRE has repurchased over 145 million of shares in 2019, including our recently initiated 10b5-1 program, which executed the repurchase of 100 million shares at an average price of $51.64, since the beginning of the third quarter. Given our current and forecasted levels of leverage as well as our significant financial capacity, you can expect us to utilize share repurchases in a more programmatic way to both maintain flexibility around capital allocation and to provide a more consistent approach to returning capital to shareholders. Finally, with respect to our expectations for our full year 2019 outlook. Due to the delayed timing of development deals, we now expect adjusted EBITDA in our Real Estate Investment segment at or slightly below the low end of the $200 million to $220 million range we set in March, inclusive of a modest benefit from Telford in the fourth quarter. Nonetheless, we are maintaining our guidance range at $3.70 to $3.80 for full-year adjusted EPS, as we expect strength in our services businesses to offset the impact of these delayed development deals. This implies 14% growth at the midpoint of our guidance range for 2019. Turning to slide nine, I'll turn the call back to Bob for his brief closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Leah. As we enter the final months of 2019, we are looking ahead to 2020 with cautious optimism. Commercial real estate and macroeconomic fundamentals remain favorable, particularly in the Americas, our largest region. Our diversified business and geographic mix position CBRE to continue thriving, despite ongoing trade and geopolitical uncertainties. We also believe that our industry-leading service offering, scale and ongoing platform investments give us distinct competitive advantages. Our people are energized and their engagement levels have never been higher. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you, and good morning. Now that Telford is closed, can you spend a minute giving us a few details around how you thought about the EBITDA multiple, if you will, that you paid, where we should see that coming in to the financials, and like how you see that business playing out?
Leah Stearns: Sure. Anthony, it's Leah. I would say from evaluation perspective, we looked at Telford on a cash flow basis. We believe, we paid about 10 times cash flow for that business. And given the recognition of revenue under GAAP, you may see that coming in more of a similar fashion to what you see within our development business today. So, we would expect about a portion -- about 50% of what you would see in cash, come through in GAAP, at least for the first year of our ownership of Telford. So, we'll see a modest uptick in the fourth quarter, but we'll provide more guidance around the 2020 expectations for Telford on the February call.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then, in terms of the guidance, your fourth quarter leasing comp looks like it's actually a tougher one than the third quarter. How should we think about how bad that works out for the rest of this year?
Leah Stearns: So, we've provided guidance out to EPS, which implies double-digit low-teens growth in the fourth quarter. We're not going to speak specifically to expectations around leasing. But, we do expect -- obviously, there was a much tougher comp in Q3 and that trend will not go away in Q4.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then, my last question is on GWS. You mentioned a couple of accounts in Europe acting as a drag on margins there. Can you describe like, what scenarios actually caused that sort of a drag, just it seems like a recurring fee kind of business. So, like, what happens actually that creates that variability?
Leah Stearns: Sure. So, when we underwrite transactions in GWS, we have expectations of a glide path in terms of reduction in cost. And we account for that and how we think about pricing within those agreements. In some cases, in Europe, in a few cases and they’re isolated, we've actually gone in and we're bringing a new talent to run those accounts, given the fact that we haven't been able to achieve the cost savings that we have expected. And so, we expect to remediate that in the fourth quarter and well into 2020 as well.
Anthony Paolone: So, that means -- so, when you say cost saves, cost saves that you anticipate for the client. So, if you don't achieve those, you get less the income…?
Leah Stearns: Exactly.
Anthony Paolone: Is that -- okay.
Leah Stearns: Correct.
Anthony Paolone: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Leah Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Green with Evercore ISI.
Jason Green: On the share buyback front, previously, you guys have bought back stock at the high-30s and at least appeared unwilling to buy in the 40s. And now, you're buying in the low-50s. I'm curious whether this is a function more of viewing the stock is sitting at a discount, or if it's a lack of opportunity in the marketplace from an acquisitions perspective?
Leah Stearns: Hi, Jason. I would say, it's actually neither of those two. It's really about thinking about capital allocation in a broader context. Given where we are with respect to our leverage, the fact that we are migrating down to the very low end of our overall leverage range, I think, it's prudent for us to approach it in a more programmatic fashion. We still have a nice bucket of the authorization that we can use in an opportunistic fashion to that extent that we do see dislocation in the market. We do believe that we're buying shares back at an attractive value. But it's more about offsetting the equity dilution, for example, from our stock compensation program. And we'll use that remaining authorization for opportunistic periods of time, where we do see the shares under pressure. But, I think, you'll see us be more programmatic, at least at a minimum level within the buyback in the future.
Jason Green: And then, switching over to the commercial mortgage origination side, originations were up significantly and you mentioned it was fueled in part by larger transactions with private entities. Was this at all driven by new initiatives at the GSEs and at FHFA? And if so, should we expect this business to be less of an agency business moving forward?
Leah Stearns: I’d say, there's two pieces to that. One, we did see credit really from all sources. So, it was banks, lifecos [ph] debt funds and the GSEs. So, I would say it was a balanced mix. We clearly have been watching reform on the GSE side. And so, part of our growth this year has been to further diversify that business, not necessarily away from the GSEs, but to add additional quality contract and client accounts to that. So, from our perspective, it wasn't specifically because the GSEs were down, it was just a concerted effort across our commercial mortgage origination teams to go out and further diversify that client base.
Jason Green: Got it. And then, I guess, just my last one, while we're on the topic, as it pertains to the housing reform plan. I guess, our read was all else being equal, the proposals for specifically residential reform would probably reflect positively on CBRE's business, but just curious what your thoughts are on the reform plan that's out there right now?
Leah Stearns: I agree with that. I mean, we've certainly been monitoring this process since the beginning of the year. Multifamily is really where we play with the GSEs. And so, that is a very profitable pursuit for them. We'd expect that to continue to be in place, post any future reform measures. But, we certainly do believe that there has been positive movement with respect to the published caps. And so, we're positively -- we're pleased with how that's come out year-to-date. And again, we are also looking at expanding the work that we do with private operators. So, we think that that's also positive.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Josh Lamers with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Josh Lamers: I just wanted to double back on Telford and then the U.S. development business in general. It seems the U.S. development business is getting a boost from opportunity zones throughout the course of this year. And I'm wondering if you think that is the case, and does that continue into 2020? And then, how does the pipeline look for UK multifamily? I think, Telford's pipeline in process at the end of Q1 was about $1.7 billion.
Bob Sulentic: Josh, we are not being impacted in a major way by opportunity zones. I think, they'll continue to be out there, there'll continue to be an opportunity. There's a lot of political pressure around those of different kinds. But, that has not had a major impact on our business, we don't think it will, going forward. Our development business is in very good shape in terms of the pipelines we have, in terms of the exit cap rates we expect, rental rates, et cetera. Telford, early signs are that their ability to secure new opportunities is going to be at least as good as we thought it was when we underwrote that acquisition. Our teams over there are now just getting going with Telford, and a lot to be learned on that business, but we're quite encouraged about it.
Josh Lamers: And then, one to touch on GWS. I was hoping you could unpack the growth in the quarter, certainly stronger than we expected, which is good to see. And maybe break down the contribution of growth from new versus existing clients and whether you have a strong hold on certain industries that's helping wins? And maybe lastly, are you reaching any type of employment capacity that could sort of hamper growth in the future? Thanks.
Leah Stearns: Sure. I'll touch on that. I mean, from a GWS perspective, we saw really nice growth across our facilities management and their transaction and advisory component of that segment. We are seeing accounts in terms of those that are signing up for the full suite, so facilities, project management, and transactions pick up. And that was certainly helped by the Novartis signing in the third quarter. So, in terms of other areas for growth, I mean, we did have strong growth across -- from a geographic perspective, across the U.S., EMEA, and APAC. But, I would say, from a margin perspective, we are seeing really nice performance in the Americas. With respect to different sectors, we do have, and I think this is a unique differentiation for CBRE, we do have a very strong position as it relates to the data center services that we provide. And we are building out capabilities that are specialized for sectors like healthcare and pharmaceutical, which you see in the pursuit with Novartis playing out to our favor. So, I think there's certainly a lot of differentiation that comes along with the approach that CBRE has taken as it relates to our GWS segment. And we think that we ultimately can provide really outstanding results for our clients that are unmatched by others in this space. And those are for very high quality clients as well, large enterprise investment grade.
Josh Lamers: And no employment capacity constraints to speak up there?
Leah Stearns: I think that they're not necessarily. I mean, certainly we continue to watch the growth of that segment. We've had tremendous growth. And I think that certainly bringing on the Novartis was another very large win for us. I don't see that employment or the labor availability necessarily as being a limitation because most of that is really rebadging of employees, it's not necessarily us going out and finding folks to cover that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tomasello: Good morning. This is Ryan Tomasello on for Jade today. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the topic of coworking, I appreciate your commentary in the prepared remarks. I believe you said coworking represented around 3% of your leasing in 3Q. Just was wondering if you can give us a comparison as to how that -- what that represented a year ago, in the year ago period. And then, overall, do you view the likely pullback from WeWork as more of a headwind for the leasing business or maybe is it the opposite? Do you view it as more of an opportunity by way of releasing space that WeWork is backing away from as well as presenting some -- an opportunity for the Hana business. And then, just on Hana, if you can provide us your updated thoughts on the amount of capital you expect to deploy there?
Leah Stearns: Sure. I'll start with the first piece, and I'll have Bob pick up in terms of the broader strategic opportunity. So, in terms of the impact from coworking in the third quarter, that was about 3%. We also mentioned there was -- the trailing 12-month contribution was about 4% to growth. So, a slight deceleration in terms of the contribution and leasing for the quarter, but certainly not a trend that's going away. We think that we see coworking as a trend that is really being driven by needs in the market. And so, we continue to believe that there will be demand, not just in terms of find for future locations for coworking companies, but also for sale, which makes up about half of that number. So, I think that just shows that there continues to be a tremendous amount of need in the market for activity around coworking. And then, Bob, on the strategy?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. So, Ryan, I would say that what's happened with WeWork has had an impact on our Hana strategy that I would characterize as tactical, but it has not had impact on the overall strategy. So, in the short run, we're seeing some incremental inquiries from occupiers of Hana. We're seeing some incremental inquiries from landlords that are considering going in our direction that maybe weren't before. But, in the long run, as Leah said, we see this coworking or flexible space market opportunity the way we saw before, it's roughly 2% of the multi-tenant space around the world today. We continue to think it will go to as much as 10%. Our belief in that direction is driven by the work we've done with our occupiers around the world. We know that they expect a percentage of their occupancy in the future to be in this type of space, and we think that's good. Our strategy for Hana is to start to carefully build a footprint with a bit more capital intensive model, i.e., more investment, more leases, and over time likely move to a model where we manage space -- coworking space that's owned by the landlords themselves. Our hypothesis is that over time landlords are going to want a coworking space in their buildings because they believe their tenants are going to want it. They're likely going to want to control it because they want to control the tenancy. They view themselves as owning a lot of the downside. So, they want to own the upside, and we are positioning Hana to move in that direction, if that's the direction the market moves. Nothing about our results with Hana in the short run have been impacted in any meaningful way relative to what we thought they would be.
Ryan Tomasello: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then, just on the broader leasing environment, setting aside that 4Q will clearly be a tougher comp, like you mentioned, just hoping to get your broader thoughts on the outlook for that business. What are you seeing in terms of demand for space overall? Do you expect that demand will continue to be driven by some of these industries you've called out, like technology, financial services, and I guess, still coworking considering that's a trend that you believe in? Just curious overall what you're hearing from occupiers in the leasing environment.
Bob Sulentic: Leasing is strong. It's only not strong when you compare it to what happened last year. So, when you look at our combined GWS business and our agency business in the U.S., 7% growth this year on top of almost 20% growth a year ago. That's a healthy leasing market. But, the growth we said a year ago when we were talking about that kind of growth and we were asked will it sustain? Well, we never thought we were going to be able to sustain 20% growth. But, it's a healthy leasing market. A lot of it is being driven by tech companies, but it's very balanced. It's being driven by distribution space users. It's being driven by financial services companies, manufacturing companies, et cetera. We expect leasing to be strong in the fourth quarter. We don't expect it to grow the way it did a year ago. And we expect next year the economy be a little slower than it is this year, but some decent growth, and we expect our leasing business to continue to be solid.
Ryan Tomasello: And then, just one last one, if I could. Just on 2020 guidance, I believe last year for 2019, you gave guidance at your Investor Day, and please correct me if I'm remembering that incorrectly. Just wondering if you can say when you plan to give guidance for 2020 this year.
Leah Stearns: Yes. We'll address that in February when we release year-end.
Ryan Tomasello: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Leah Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain: Good morning. Bob, on Hana, how is that -- how do you differentiate Hana from the other product that's out there?
Bob Sulentic: A few ways, Mitch. It's more oriented towards enterprise users than some of the other alternatives out there, i.e., teams of people rather than a membership format. It's, as a result, more institutional quality, better build out, better data security, et cetera. It's got similar amenities in terms of food and beverage and so forth. And again, I can't stress enough. We're in the door working for a high percentage of the big occupiers around the world, doing all kinds of flexible space work for them inside their spaces. We know what they want. We know they want a portion of their portfolio in this flex space format. If you look at what went on with occupiers historically, they basically said we're going to own some of our space, we're going to lease some of our space on a traditional basis, and we'll -- on the very margin, we'll do a little bit of coworking. Well, that's changed. They think that coworking is going to be a material piece of their portfolio of occupancy going forward, and we've oriented our Hana concept to be consistent with that.
Mitch Germain: And what went through your mind with regards to selecting these initial markets, Dallas, and I think you mentioned Southern California and London. Why those markets and not others?
Bob Sulentic: Well, again, everything we've done in the coworking arena with Hana, has been driven by our direct work with our clients on the occupier side and our clients on the investors side. And when we've triangulated around the opportunities that were available, looking at those two groups, those are the markets we've ended up in. By the way, there'll be -- by the end of next year, there'll be a number of other markets that we have Hana is up and running again in. There are some of them that we're very close on that -- we're not in a position to talk about.
Mitch Germain: Got you. You may have mentioned this previously, and I apologize, but the Telford transaction, was that a big off or was it a relationship that drove the discussions to acquire them?
Bob Sulentic: It was neither. We had done a bunch of strategy work around our Real Estate Investment business. The same kind of strategy work we did several years ago that ended up taking -- causing Bill Concannon and our GWS team to target Norland. We had some things we wanted to get done with that Real Estate Investment business strategically. And one of them was to grow our development opportunity and position ourselves to do some things outside the U.S. Our Trammell Crow Company leadership team targeted those kinds of businesses. And after a search of the companies that might be a good fit for us and after some opportunistic pricing movement driven by Brexit, they zeroed in on Telford -- built a relationship with the Telford team, and we thought that team was exceptional. We also thought that team was very much in the way of a secular trend. And that effort led to the acquisition of Telford.
Mitch Germain: I think, my last question, maybe Leah, with regards to the outlook, obviously you reaffirmed. It looks like Real Estate Investments possibly -- kind of sitting in your seat when you last spoke to us in the second quarter and you raised your outlook to sitting there today, in my mind, it seems like Real Estate Investments coming in a little bit lighter than you expected. And then, you had that additional expenses or some disruption in Europe on GWS. Is that the way to think about kind of how things shook out from 2Q to 3Q, or is there anything else that we're missing?
Leah Stearns: No. I would say that's fair. I would just say a lot of the Real Estate Investments change is driven by timing. It's just not market changes that we're seeing around the development portfolio that we have in place. For example, one industrial project that we have, it's fully leased, but the triggering event for the recognition isn't until the tenants move in, and that won't happen until next year. And then, we have a multifamily project that is scheduled to close and the buyer had a 30-day option extension, they exercise that. But, we fully expect that will close in Q4. So, these aren't fundamental drivers of change in terms of how we view cap rates or these assets transacting with respect to their cap rates. So, I feel good about the Real Estate Investments business. And I'd say, leasing and certainly the benefit from Telford and our capital markets business and GWS altogether will make up for that shift really in timing for those development projects.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is a follow-up question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tomasello: Hi, everyone. Ryan, again. Thanks for taking the follow-up. A few of your peers have made some recent announcements with respect to their technology strategies. So, Bob, I was just hoping you can provide us with your updated thoughts on CBRE's tech initiatives as it relates to both, internal investment and M&A. And, I was wondering if you had any specific metrics you can potentially share with respect to perhaps margin benefit or maybe percentage of clients or producers that are utilizing CBRE's proprietary technology or the amount of revenue that you're generating from some of these specific initiatives that you've called out in the past.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Ryan, let me first tell you exactly what we're trying to get done with technology in our business now. Everything we're doing with our what we call our digital and technology strategy, has emanated from building a strong team that can first create an excellent infrastructure base for us, data security, all of our -- the basic things we use to run our business. Chandra Dhandapani and her team came in and they've gotten that done. They've turned their attention along with our market-facing business leaders to what we call enablement technology, tools that our professionals use to secure business and deliver business to our clients. There is a large suite of tools spread across all our lines of business that they're working on. We have very specific adoption metrics for all the key tools we're using, and we're tracking adoption against those metrics. In many, many cases, we're satisfied with adoption, in other cases, we're trying to push adoption up. But, there is a ton of focus on that in our business, and there'll continue to be a ton of focus on that. We don't talk externally about what those specific metrics are, except where we consider that to be proprietary. But, that's where our focus is now. We're shifting more and more of our spend to enablement tools. And you should expect that trend to continue. And we're in the budgeting process now going through all kinds of efforts jointly between our D&T team and our field people to figure out exactly which tools we're going to invest in 2020. And Leah, you may want to comment on financial aspects of that.
Leah Stearns: I’d just say, about half of the capital expenditures that we've spent in 2019 or will spend in 2019 is really focused on that enablement spend. And we really drive investments through that part of our capital expenditure program to ensure that we are maximizing both, the utility that we get from a technology for our clients and our producers, but also drive efficiency through the business. So, there are things like robotics and workflow automation that are also benefiting the business. We also have solutions like Host that we're investing in to enhance the experience, services that we provide for our occupier clients and investor clients. And then, I would just say, we've also invested from a M&A perspective into companies like FacilitySource that are enhancing our ability to win large GWS transactions and pursuit. So, I think, it's hard to wrap an entire metric around that. But, we certainly internally do track the attachment that we have to all of the different components, whether it's Host on the experience services side, FacilitySource for GWS, or the usage of technology and adoption of it throughout the business.
Ryan Tomasello: Thanks for that commentary. I appreciate you taking the follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Curious about your recent wins within GWS. Is the margin profile of those companies, given that you seem to be selling kind of more holistic solutions, is the margin profile any different than your existing client base within GWS?
Leah Stearns: It really depends on the types of products or services that they're signing up for. We do have slightly higher margin profiles on -- for example, on some of the transaction activity that we manage within GWS than say one-off transactions in advisory. And, it really again depends on the contract type that we're agreeing to with the client. But, I believe, as we all do, as we increase the number of services that we provide, there is a greater connectivity and stickiness of that client as we serve them on a broader basis. So, I certainly think that there is a benefit, not just on the margin side but certainly also on the relationship side.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: And then, advisory sales revenue in EMEA, it looks like it's tracking down around 5% to 10% in 2019 on a local currency basis. Do you get the sense that there is additional downside risk to advisory sales in EMEA or do you kind of feel like this is a sustainable level that we're at currently?
Leah Stearns: In terms of advisory sales in EMEA, that is something that there has been softness around. We began to see that, I'd say, a quarter or two ago. But, I think overall performance in terms of CBRE relative to the broader market, I think, we've actually done fairly well. We had a reasonably okay quarter, given the uncertainty that the market saw with Brexit. The Continent has also been down slightly, about down 5% I think in local currency. The strength on the continent has been really in France and Italy with other markets being a bit softer.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone. And we look forward to talking to you in about three months when we review our year-end results.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. And, you may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I'd now turn the conference over to your host, Brad Burke, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Burke, you may begin.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome the CBRE's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website, cbre.com along with a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks as well as an excel file that contains additional supplemental materials. Our agenda for this morning's call will be as follows. First, I will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter. Next Bob Sulentic, our President and CEO and Leah Stearns our CFO will discuss our second quarter results and 2019 outlook in more detail. After these comments we will open up the call for your questions.  Before I begin I will remind you that this presentation contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of these statements include our expectation regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, capital deployment, acquisition, integration, and financial performance including our 2019 outlook and any other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact. We urge you to consider these factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update the information contained on this call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.  You should be aware that these statements should be considered estimates only and certain factors may affect us in the future that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements please refer to this morning's earnings press release and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q respectively. We have provided reconciliations of adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and fee revenue and certain other non-GAAP financial measures included in our remarks to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, together with explanations of these measures in the appendix of the presentation slide deck. Now please turn to Slide 4 of our presentation which highlights our financial results for the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share increased 11% over the prior year driven by our two services segments, Advisory Services and Global Workplace Solutions which together logged 12% fee revenue growth and 18% adjusted EBITDA growth. Revenue growth in the quarter was broad based as every line of business within both of these segments increased over the prior year. In addition adjusted EBITDA margins on fee revenue increased solidly in both our Advisory and Global Workplace Solutions segments expanding by 90 basis points on a combined basis. Meanwhile adjusted EBITDA in our real estate investment segment declined as expected from the prior year due to the timing of development dispositions and to a lesser extent the costs associated with starting up Hana, our flexible space offering. Gains from our development business can vary due to the timing of our project disposition and last year we harvested gains from several significant projects during the second quarter.  Now for an update on our business fundamentals I will turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thank you Brad and good morning everyone. As Brad just noted we reported another quarter of strong growth for CBRE with double-digit revenue increases in our leasing, occupier outsourcing, and U.S. capital markets businesses. In addition the impact of our reorganization which we announced last year is driving margin improvement in our Advisory Services and outsourcing businesses. Cost efficiency was one of the key objectives of this change. The continued strength in our leasing business is notable, as lease revenue growth has averaged 20% over the past five quarters. While we have benefited from a healthy leasing market, our strong performance also reflects our increasingly differentiated capabilities. This is demonstrated by our success in winning new account based business because of our ability to integrate advisory and transaction solutions in a single offering and to execute at a high level across markets.  During the quarter U.S. account based leasing revenue increased 31% from the prior year. Large and sophisticated occupiers are asking CBRE for consultation and workplace design, deep expertise in industry sectors, and a full suite of digital capabilities. And they want us to bring it all together with the top brokerage talent in the market. No firm in our industry is able to match the scale and capabilities of CBRE's leasing business. As a result when CBRE competes for new account based leasing mandates more often than not we win that business. Now I'd like to welcome Leah Stearns to her first earnings call as our Chief Financial Officer. We're extremely excited about the deep financial and operational background she brings to CBRE. Leah has already had a positive impact and we know she will be a valued contributor to our senior leadership team.
Leah C. Stearns: Thank you, Bob. I'm thrilled to join the team at CBRE at such an exciting time in commercial real estate. I can say with confidence that I'm joining a company with incredible momentum and our competitive and financial position appeared to be stronger than ever. The evidence of this is clear, over the last five years CBRE has generated 13% annualized growth in adjusted EBITDA, 18% annualized growth in adjusted EPS, and about 70% total shareholder return. This has all been achieved while simultaneously diversifying the business and strengthening the balance sheet. These financial results have been supported by favorable secular trends which we believe provide a solid foundation to the earnings our business generates. It's important to recognize that these catalysts show no signs of fatigue.  The owners and occupiers of commercial real estate continue to become larger and they are increasingly sophisticated. And they want to work with large sophisticated service providers. Within our sector CBRE has a powerful competitive position to address this customer demand and I think that's under appreciated. Our global scale, the breadth of our services we can offer, and our ability to invest in digital capabilities are allowing us to pull away from the competition. And it's showing up in our financial performance.  Further, real estate continues to show signs of strength. Institutional capital allocations to real estate continue to rise. Simultaneously debt costs are declining while underwriting standards, loan to value ratios, and cap rates all remain largely stable. We see few signs of overbuilding as supply growth is meeting strong occupier demand. Bottom line, given our resilient and diversified business mix and strong balance sheet CBRE is operating from a position of strength. As a result we see tremendous opportunities ahead of us and we'll remain opportunistic as we deploy capital into our business to maximize total shareholder return in the future. And with that let's discuss our financial performance during the second quarter. Turning to Slide 5, our Advisory Services segment generated 15% growth in adjusted EBITDA which was driven by an 11% increase in fee revenue and a 60 basis point improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin over the prior year period. Margins in the quarter benefited from both business mix and solid cost disciplines as operating expenses rose just 2% on an adjusted basis. As Bob noted, leasing within our Advisory business was once again particularly strong increasing 19%. This was paced by the Americas which generated 70% of our advisory fee revenue and grew 26%.  During the quarter co-working companies comprised about 3% of our Americas advisory leasing revenue across all property types contributing approximately one percentage point to growth. Outside the Americas, advisory leasing was less robust declining by 1% in U.S. dollars but increasing 5% in local currency. Our combined capital markets business comprising property sales and commercial mortgage origination grew by 5% in Q2 up from a slight decline in Q1. Americas property sales increased 8% reflecting market share gains and an increase in commercial real estate transaction volumes as investors returned to the market after a tumultuous end to 2018.  Outside the Americas, property sales declined by 8% or 3% in local currency. The decline was primarily due to our residential business in APAC where fundamentals remain weak. Excluding residential commercial property sales revenue outside the Americas actually increased by 8% in local currency against a backdrop of generally soft sales volumes. Global Commercial Mortgage Origination revenue grew 16% over the prior year and continues to support growth in our loan servicing portfolio. Debt markets globally remains very liquid with credit available from a variety of sources including banks, life insurance companies, debt fund, CMBS, and both Fannie and Freddie Mac. Turning next to our Global Workplace Solutions segment on Slide 6. Momentum for our outsourcing offering remains strong and results for the quarter were supported by several large new client engagements. In fact in April we onboarded 100 million square feet of facilities for several clients in a single day, our largest Go Live Day in history.  During the quarter fee revenue increased 14% despite a 5 percentage point headwind from FX. Adjusted EBITDA increased by over 30% and our GWS adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 180 basis points. Driving the strong performance in GWS was our Americas team which generates approximately 70% of the segments adjusted EBITDA and had an outstanding quarter with nearly 24% fee revenue and nearly 48% adjusted EBITDA growth. We expect that demand in GWS will likely be more balanced across our global footprint in the second half of 2019.  Within GWS we are further penetrating key sectors like life sciences and retail, the latter of which is being aided by the facility source capabilities we acquired last year. We are seeing particular success with clients that utilize multiple GWS services. In fact multi service clients have represented an increasing percentage of our pipeline for six consecutive quarters. In Canada for example we just won a long-term contract to manage all of the facilities and real estate related projects for the province of British Columbia, a portfolio spanning 17 million square feet. Along with Ontario this is the second Canadian province in our portfolio. We were able to unseat a long-term incumbent service provider and prevail over a field of competitors due to our strong track record in Ontario and the strength of our digital technology tool.  A key part of the client pursuit win was our digital platform and our ability to substantially overhaul and upgrade the province's existing facility technology to drive operating cost savings, improve reporting, and enhance business performance for our clients. Our margin growth in the quarter was supported by a handful of discrete items such as a decrease in health insurance reserves which contributed approximately 100 basis points to GWS's margin expansion as well as our efforts to manage operating costs, leverage our scale, and increase our selectivity in client pursuit. The GWS business has strong momentum and a record pursuit pipeline which gives us confidence that double-digit fee revenue growth will continue.  Turning to our real estate investment segment on Slide 7. This segment's business fundamentals remain solid including progress with our initial investments in Hana, our flexible space offering, and our in process development portfolio which reached a new record level during the quarter. During the quarter the real estate investment segment saw a $39 million decline in adjusted EBITDA which was mostly attributable to our development business. We hadn't anticipated this decline given the very strong comparable period and our expectation that the timing of development gains this year will be heavily weighted into the first and fourth quarters. This quarter-to-quarter variability in our development business largely goes away when assessing the business over a longer period of time. For example over the last five years our development business generated nearly 600 million of adjusted EBITDA while requiring very little capital commitment from CBRE.  Based on the quality of our development pipeline and our Trammell Crow company franchise we expect even stronger financial performance over the next five years assuming market conditions remain supportive and no economic downturn occurs. During the quarter investment management performance improved from the prior year with adjusted EBITDA up 4 million or 32% in local currency. This growth is supported by the increase in our assets under management which are up $5 billion versus the prior year to nearly $107 billion.  Finally the launch of Hana, our flexible space solutions business incurred modest costs which were consistent with our expectations. We continue to be pleased with the market response to Hana as our landlord clients are keenly interested in flexible space opportunities amid rising demands from occupiers. Further we are excited about the upcoming opening of our first Hana location, a 67,000 square foot first class space at PwC Tower in Dallas.  Turning to Slide 8, simply put CBRE is in a solid financial position. Our balance sheet is strong with net leverage of about 0.8 terms of adjusted EBITDA at the end of Q2. CBRE remains poised to allocate capital opportunistically with an intense focus on maximizing total shareholder return. Taking into account our planned acquisitions we expect that we can invest about a $1 billion for the remainder of the year while maintaining net debt at around one time trailing adjusted EBITDA. In light of our performance in the first half and the trajectory of our business we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance for the full year to a range of $3.70 cents to $3.80 per share. The $3.75 midpoint reflects a $0.15 increase from our initial outlook provided in March and a 14% gain over 2018 adjusted earnings per share. If achieved this will be our 10th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. I'd like to note that we do expect adjusted EPS to be more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter than in 2018 due to the expected timing of development disposition. Specifically we expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA in our Real Estate Investment segment to approximate the level attained in the second quarter of this year. And with that I will now turn the call over to Bob for his closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks Leah. As you can see from our revised earnings outlook we are in a strong strategic position with excellent momentum in our business particularly in the Americas where we generate the majority of our revenue and earnings. As important, CBRE is well positioned thanks to our ongoing investments in people, integrated solutions and technology, and a recent reorganization to drive both great client outcomes and continued strong growth. Before we conclude I want to briefly touch on our plans to acquire Telford Homes which we announced early last month. If approved by Telford shareholders and government regulators the Telford transaction will enable us to strategically expand our Trammell Crow company development business internationally and into a market which is in the early stages of a secular shift toward institutionally owned urban rental housing. Telford shareholders will vote on our buyout offer on August 6th. With that operator we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Anthony Paolone, JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Anthony Paolone: Good morning. My first question is on leasing and the strength there despite a tough comp into 2Q 2018. Can you talk a little bit more about what's happening there particularly and how much of this you think is really market share gains versus the market itself? 
Robert E. Sulentic: Tony it's both. The market was strong particularly here in the Americas and I think we performed quite well. What's going on with our businesses, we've built the capability to serve our clients really well when they need account based services with lots of advisory capability connected across markets both here in the U.S. and around the world. We saw 33% growth in our account based leasing revenues very reflective of the machine we built to serve those clients. And yes, we did benefit from a healthy market circumstance.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, and so do you think that this high level of growth will be present in the second half of the year because the comps remain pretty high?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well we've had five straight quarters of 20% leasing growth so the comps were high this quarter, you already alluded to that at the start of your question. Look, I don't think anybody could expect that kind of continued growth indefinitely but we just raised our guidance. We think we're going to have a very good second half and as the prominent users of space in the marketplace continue to buy on an increasingly account based approach we think we're going to perform really well into that model. And by the way we think we're going to perform particularly well when we couple that with our other occupier services in our GWS business project management, facilities management. All of that is working really well together. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thanks for that. And then second item on capital markets, it seems like there are some mixed signals between some of the data and end performance there. Can you talk a little bit more about just what's happening on the ground as it really relates to investment sales activity and also just mortgage side in light of lower interest rates? 
Leah C. Stearns: Sure, Anthony it is Leah. I'll talk to the capital markets piece first. I guess what we saw happen in the second quarter is that we really believe now it's clear that the decline in the first quarter was a reflection of investors taking a bit of a step back to assess the market in light of the volatility that they saw in Q4 of 2018. At this point we think that given the level of activity in the Americas was strong in Q2 that supports our view that the fundamentals around commercial real estate services remain solidly intact. And so that includes capital allocations to real estate and how they continue to rise, debt costs are declining to your point, and we're also seeing discipline throughout the industry, that includes the underwriting process as well as valuations.  So all in all we think these fundamentals are very supportive of the attractiveness of real estate particularly on a relative basis to other asset classes. And so from our perspective we feel pretty good about where we came out in the second quarter from a capital markets perspective in the Americas. And I think it's actually interesting to note given the fact that we did see that contraction in Q1 our advisory segment during that quarter still increased by over 20%. So this shows the diversification that we've built into that -- into our business and particularly our advisory segment.
Anthony Paolone: Got it and then last question, if we just think about combined principal business EBITDA for this year for the full year versus 2018 any guide posts on that given updated guidance and potential acquisitions and so forth? 
Leah C. Stearns: I'd really just say in terms of the real estate investment segment we're expecting the seasonality to be quite different from 2018 but all in all given the fact that we're not updating outlook at a detailed level we do believe we're tracking ahead of guidance. But we do expect that seasonality to be in the first and fourth quarter in 2019 compared to what we saw in 2018 which was the second and third quarter strength.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Green, Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Green: Hey, just a question on the strength of risk being specific U.S. being dominated by any specific industry, there is a widespread growth across all industries?
Leah C. Stearns: We are seeing that wide spread across most industries. I mean we did see some benefits from recruiting. We saw some M&A but overall we did have a really strong diverse set of demand coming through leasing.
Jason Green: Okay, and then maybe on the Telford acquisition, just as you guys think about acquisitions generally should we expect more of a focus on growing the business outside of the United States or was this just the right opportunity to grow the portfolio in an area that you saw? 
Robert E. Sulentic: We're not biased U.S. versus Europe versus Asia and where we put our dollars. We have a very clear view as to what we want to do when we do acquire or what we want to get done when we acquire companies. We want to buy businesses that add to our capabilities to deliver outcomes for clients. We're not about bulking up. So if you look last year for instance at that facility source acquisition which we think was one of the really good ones we've done it gave us capability to serve distributed outsourcing clients in retail, branch banks, etc. Telford gave us the ability to do something to leverage our Trammell Crow brand beyond the United States but in an arena where we think there's going be real secular growth, something different something better than we've done before.  Another thing we're looking for when we do acquisitions is businesses that we think when we bring them onto our platform we can do more with them than they were able to do themselves and we can do more with them than our competitors can do if they were to buy that. And that's what allows us to pay for acquisitions, that's what allows them to be accretive. So that's our model and it's not geographically biased.
Jason Green: Got it and then last one, you mentioned the percentage of clients utilizing multiple GWS services have increased. What is that percentage today and where do you think ultimately that could be? 
Leah C. Stearns: So we're seeing the pipeline certainly increase. We've seen six consecutive quarters of our pipeline attributable to clients who are looking for what we call three acts, all three lines of business or full service. And so today we're actually at nearly 30% of our current client base using that level. 
Jason Green: And long-term kind of where you guys think that level could be? 
Leah C. Stearns: Certainly we're seeing a pickup in demand as indicated from those six consecutive quarters of increase through our pipeline. I think it just goes to show that there is an opportunity for us to expand client services within GWS not just from a service line but also geographically. And so when we take on a new client through our pursuits sometimes it starts out on a regional basis and we're able to grow that organically as we provide services both across their real estate footprint both from geographic perspective as well as service line.
Jason Green: Got it, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Lamers, William Blair. Please proceed with your question. 
Joshua Lamers: Great, thanks and good morning. Just want to follow up actually with the Anthony's, one of Anthony's question. Did the Fed's announcement yesterday in your opinion create somewhat of a tailwind for the capital markets business or does this end up causing a bit more of a pause and some uncertainty going forward? Thanks. 
Leah C. Stearns: So I think just going back to my comments around the fundamentals of commercial real estate, I mean we see those as really what's driving the opportunities within our capital markets business. And so I would point more to just overall enthusiasm and the relative value opportunity for real estate as it presents itself today for investors as opposed to more of the macro trends that you're alluding to.
Joshua Lamers: Got it, okay. And then it's been brought up a number of times but could you touch on the advisory personnel initiative that was started a few years ago. I'm just wondering essentially how many are in that role now globally today, if you could expand a bit more on how much of an effect that's having you -- having on you guys winning these larger national contracts?
Robert E. Sulentic: Josh I want to ask for clarity, are you talking about broker recruiting or are you talking about the professionals we have that provide advisory capability to support our transactional capability.
Joshua Lamers: Yep, yep the latter, the advisory personnel. 
Robert E. Sulentic: The latter, we have over a thousand -- yes, we've invested heavily in that capability not just in terms of that advisory capability but in terms of technology digital capability to support and we have over a thousand people today around the world as part of what we call our Advisory and Transaction Services teams supporting occupiers that are advisory oriented as opposed to transaction oriented. And of course we put them on teams with transaction professionals and our transaction base of great transactional professionals has continued to grow through that recruiting effort. That's the other side of the equation.
Joshua Lamers: Right, and then I guess last one from me just given the recent election in the UK, curious to get your outlook for expected activity in the UK and whether it's sort of the downturn has already phased through and now there's a bit more certainty or whether this gives a reason for another pause in activity in the UK in the upcoming quarters? Thanks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well we've kind of given up on trying to prognosticate what BREXIT means. It's just been a seesaw ride for three years. But what I will tell you was in the second quarter both our leasing and our capital markets business grew in the UK. It's a big important business for us but yet it's less than 10% of our company. And one thing that I think we all need to keep in mind is that London is going to be no matter what happens one of the most important property markets in the world on an enduring basis. There's just no doubt about that. And so we expect to see some choppiness. We expect to see companies stay on the sideline both in leasing and capital markets a bit until it all sorts out. But we don't think it's going to have a big impact on our company's overall performance. And we are going to continue to have a prominent and very capable offering there and we think that's a good thing.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Weaver, Compass Point. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Weaver: Hey, good morning and thank you. Just another follow-up on Antony's question on capital markets, can you comment on the pace of Americas property sales transactions within the quarter whether that was sort of level or more back loaded?
Leah C. Stearns: It certainly was up and in terms of the pace it was back-end loaded.
Jason Weaver: Okay, thank you. And then can you give us some more clarity into the GWS wins you've seen either year-to-date or within the last 12 months, what the service revenue mix looks like, whether that's facilities management or project development services driven? 
Leah C. Stearns: Sure, and maybe just to touch on GWS for a second. I mean I think we see broad based strength in that business not just from the service lines but also given that we're providing that service across broad geographies. And so as a result I think while FM is our largest part of that business transactions were up significantly year-over-year. And so that's a great opportunity for us to show that we are leveraging the strengths between GWS and our transactions team. But maybe just to give you a little bit more color on GWS, we are seeing an expansion of not just geographies and lines of business but as I mentioned earlier there is a clear expansion of our customer relationships and now we have about half of our growth coming from those existing clients and that is allowing us to expand obviously the services that we provide and that is supported by increasing strong NPS scores around customer satisfaction.  I think it also goes to show that we have capabilities that are differentiated and that we are investing in technology that brings unparalleled service to our customers and that includes facility source and it also includes capabilities like our data center solutions business. So I think those set us apart from the competition, it's resulting in the record client pursuit pipeline that I talked to you before as well as that six consecutive quarters of increased multiple service contract as a percent of a pursuit pipeline. So all in all we are really pleased with how GWS performed for the quarter and it's allowing us to become more selective in our pursuits. We are aligning our interests with our clients and that's allowing us to develop deeper capabilities and I think long-term that's going to lead to stronger profitability of that segment and really unmatched outcomes that we're providing to our clients that they cannot find elsewhere.
Jason Weaver: Okay, and just finally I think you touched on it in your prepared remarks but can you give us some kind of idea into what your forward visibility is on the pipeline for future development disposition?
Leah C. Stearns: I'm sorry can you repeat that question. 
Jason Weaver: Alright, I'm just looking for some sort of commentary on what your visibility is for future dispositions and development services activity? 
Leah C. Stearns: Oh sure, in terms of and you're talking about 2019 in particular. 
Jason Weaver: Yes
Leah C. Stearns: Okay, no I think that that component of our business we do expect to be fourth quarter weighted and given the strength last year that will certainly be an easier comp than the third quarter.
Jason Weaver: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Jade Rahmani, KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. In terms of the capital available for investment through the rest of the year, how would you look at prioritizing that?
Leah C. Stearns: Yeah, and so in terms of the capital we have available we do believe that we have a very strong pipeline in terms of opportunities. Certainly we look at M&A and then we consider our share repurchase program will be disciplined in our approach to both of those. And we've bought back about 45 million shares this year and we clearly have some large M&A on our plate to absorb in the second half. But I think it was just important to demonstrate the scale of the capacity that we have and the strength of our balance sheet to be able to be opportunistic to the extent that we find unique opportunities in the market again both from an M&A as well as a share repurchase perspective.
Jade Rahmani: Turning to market share do you have an estimate of CBRE's current market share in both -- in each of the capital markets and leasing and how that compared with the year ago?
Robert E. Sulentic: We think our market share went up in both. It's very hard to get good numbers as you know Jade, there's just not good third party numbers around the world for the business we're in for either capital markets or for leasing especially for leasing. But we believe based on our own research and we have very extensive research and based on our CA data that's available that we took significant market share around the world in capital markets and we think we took market share around the world in leasing. There's less data available but it's very, very hard to get good third party data on what that market share is.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of the capital markets outlook could you talk to maybe give some metrics around the health of the environment. In the past you have commented on the number of bidders for example, timelines for deals to close, and the potential big GAAP [ph] that's been commented in the market?
Leah C. Stearns: So I would just say in terms of the capital market environment in the Americas in particular no, we did see velocity increase so the pace of transactions pick up. I don't have specific to the statistics that you're pointing to from prior quarters but all in all we think that we're seeing strong dynamics and trends around investors' appetite within the capital markets business. We did see the average marketing time fall in the second quarter so that goes to my velocity comment that it's picking up.
Jade Rahmani: And on the leasing front, can you comment on what percentage of leasing growth was driven by the tech sector and perhaps also new construction deliveries, I think 2019 is anticipated to be a peak terms of new office completions?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, for the last few years the tech sectors contributed about 20% of our leasing. In the second quarter this year it was up from that, it was a little over 30% and it goes to a point we talked about earlier that tech companies, these big tech companies are buying leasing services on an account basis. They're more inclined that way than the traditional big leasing companies but we also think the second quarter was a bit anomalistic. We don't have any reason to believe that over an extended period of time that the things are going to shift meaningfully away from where we've been historically or be like the second quarter where tech was particularly strong in the second quarter. 
Jade Rahmani: And so that 30% this quarter versus historically 20% I would suggest about 50% of the growth was tech?
Robert E. Sulentic: I don't know the 50% of the growth was from tech. Those statistics don't play out exactly the way you think they should in terms of growth.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. In terms of the restructuring and its impact on margins can you comment on what you think the main drivers of that improved efficiency are?
Leah C. Stearns: Sure. I think one of the key components of the rework was to remove as much redundancy as possible throughout the management layers, the organization, and so we're seeing that happen and it's playing out in terms of supporting that stronger operating leverage for the business. In addition we have put leadership roles in place like our COO who are clearly focused and directly focused on cost reductions and making sure that our business is very focused on transparency and accountability across the organization. And so we believe that those specific steps that were carried out through the rework are having direct impact on our margins today, will continue.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Mitch Germain JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Thanks. Telford, is this a model that you think can be replicated outside of the UK?
Robert E. Sulentic: Mitch when you say replicated in other words can we buy businesses like this outside of the UK? 
Mitch Germain: Can you take the Telford business and expand it across other countries and regions?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, we'll have to see when we bring that business on board and integrate it but we believe that business model plays very well to trends across Europe in terms of the movement towards institutionally owned multi tenant housing professionally managed where the continent and the UK are behind U.S. in that regard. So it may be an opportunity but our -- again we've got to wait and get this thing done. And our focus is getting through next week when the shareholders vote and we get approval from regulatory authorities. 
Mitch Germain: Great, and then maybe circling back to facility source, a deal that you closed last year, maybe based on what your underwriting was in terms of how it was going to integrate and I know that you're making a pretty big capital investment, how has the performance been there versus what your expectations were?
Leah C. Stearns: Yeah, we're seeing really nice performance coming out of that business. It's tracking in line with our underwriting and we think we prefer seeing really strong momentum. I spoke about that in my prepared remarks particularly around the retail segment. So our clients are excited about the expanded capability and we believe its helping us win new business, it's helping us provide additional services to our customers and I think that certainly goes to those key trends that I've reiterated around GWS.
Mitch Germain: Great, last one from me. Are there any specific I guess back in March when you laid out guidance you provided some specific assumptions and clearly you are tracking ahead but maybe just provide some perspective what specifically has changed versus kind of what your original assumptions were?
Leah C. Stearns: Sure, I think that's just an indication or an acknowledgment of the strength we've seen in the business in the first half of the year. We're not updating outlook to the level that we provided in March but the key drivers of our confidence behind the $0.15 increase are really the fact that our segments are tracking ahead of our expectations and that we're seeing really strong margin growth in Advisory and GWS. So given the fact that from an advisory perspective we're seeing leasing continue to be the standout, we know we continue to expect to see strength across our segment lines.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-answer-session and I will now turn the call back over to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, thanks everyone for being with us and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Brad Burke, Investor Relations for CBRE. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome the CBRE's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on our website, cbre.com. On the Investor Relations page of our website, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, foreign currency impact and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our first quarter 2019 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual filed on Form 10-K. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations together with explanations of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all revenue and fee revenue growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated. Please turn to slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer. Now, please turn to slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good morning, everyone. CBRE had an excellent start to 2019 as the positive momentum we experienced last year carried over into the first quarter. Strong operating leverage across each of our three business segments drove increases of 29% in adjusted EBITDA and 46% in adjusted EPS. The organizational changes we announced last year are improving our lines of business, and helping to make us a more efficient, client focused company. For example, our two Real Estate Services segments, Advisory Services and Global Workplace Solutions realized the combined 190 basis points increase in adjusted EBITDA margins from last year's first quarter. Revenue growth was paced by another outstanding quarter for leasing, which increased by 22%. Leasing continues to benefit from both solid market fundamentals and market share gains. These gains are being driven by an offering for both one off transactions and account based clients that is increasingly differentiated within our industry.  Leasing growth is also supported by strong recruiting. We are able to attract talented producers who tell us they can achieve more at CBRE than they can anywhere else. This speaks to the strength and differentiation of the CBRE platform. Our global workplace solutions segment which serves large account based clients again saw fee revenue increased by double digits in local currency. This business has an outstanding quarter for new account wins and our active pipeline has now more than doubled in size in the past two years.  Finally, our Real Estate Investments segment had a strong quarter with excellent adjusted EBITDA growth from real estate development. While development results can vary quarter-to-quarter, the long-term performance of our business has been outstanding. Our new flexible space initiative Hana has signed its first two deals with property owners and has a very active pipeline with additional property owner partnerships expected to be announced in the near future.  Before I turn the call over to Jim, I want to thank Jim for his many accomplishments as our CFO. As we have discussed before this will be Jim's last quarterly earnings call as he focuses full-time on his Chief Investment Officer responsibilities, where he will do great things for the company. We're excited to welcome Leah Stearns to CBRE as our next Chief Financial Officer. Leah will join us from American Tower Corporation next Wednesday. Leah is an outstanding leader with a strong financial and operational background, and extensive international and commercial real estate experience. I know you will enjoy interacting with her as our new CFO. Now Jim we'll take you through our results in greater detail.
Jim Groch: Thanks Bob. I want to begin by welcoming Lea. She'll be a great addition to our executive team, and I look forward to working with her. Now please turn to slide 5. This is the first quarter where we are reporting results under our new business segments. And as a result, we are providing further incremental transparency into our performance. To help you with this transition, we have restated historical quarterly data under our new segments back to the first quarter of 2017. We have also provided supplemental reports under our prior geographic reporting methodology. Both are posted in Excel files on the Investor Relations section of our website. Turning to the quarter. As Bob noted, CBRE had a great start to 2019 with growth of 46% in adjusted EPS and 29% in adjusted EBITDA, almost all of which was organic. We appeared to be on track for a tenth consecutive year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Our Advisory Services and Global Workplace Solutions segments combined experienced 14% revenue growth and 11% fee revenue growth, both in local currency. 22% adjusted EBITDA growth in US dollars and 190 basis point expansion of adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue. The increase in margins was driven by double-digit fee revenue growth, a favorable business mix and cost discipline. The net impact of a handful of choppier items such as mortgage servicing gains and fluctuations in currency drove approximately 1/4 of this margin expansion in the quarter. We also had strong performance in our real estate investment segment with adjusted EBITDA increasing $37 million over the prior year within this segment investment management benefited from co investment gains, and development benefited from several larger dispositions.  GAAP earnings in the quarter were negatively affected by the non-cash write-down of intangibles in our real estate securities investment management business. As we have discussed previously, this business has been impacted by the industry-wide shift in investor preferences to passive investment programs. The securities business now comprises less than 10% of AUM in our investment management business. Finally, Moody's recognized the strength of our balance sheet with an upgrade last week to BAA one in line with our BBB plus rating from S&P. Now please turn to Slide 6 for a discussion of our Advisory Services segment. This segment includes our core services listed on the right-hand side of the slide. For the quarter, this segment realized adjusted EBITDA growth of 22% in US dollars despite the drag from lower property sales on fee revenue growth of 10%. Performance was led by our leasing business which had another great quarter increasing globally by 22% and growth was almost entirely organic. In the US, Leasing was up 28% with strong demand from multiple sectors including consumer products, energy and technology. We benefited from several large deals, out size growth from account based clients and ongoing recruiting gains. With growth in leasing revenues for the trailing 12-months averaging over 20%, comparisons going forward will be more challenging. Loan servicing revenue grew 10% and our portfolio increased to a record $210 billion. Capital markets revenue which includes both property sales and commercial mortgage origination declined by 1% globally, reflecting meaningful gains in market share. Within capital markets, commercial mortgage origination revenue rose 13%fueled by robust activity with the US government sponsored enterprises, as well as banks. Property sales revenue declined 5% against a challenging 11% growth comparison in the prior year. The comparisons become easier going forward. The declining property sales reflect a tepid macro environment where market wide sales volume decreased in all three global regions. Despite the softer quarter, we continue to take share in our property sales business. A modest 1% decline in US sales revenue reflects significant market share gains as estimated market volumes decreased 8% according to real capital analytics. Overall, America's property sales declined 4% driven by Canada which faced a 31% prior year growth comparison. International growth and sales was negatively impacted by weakness in our residential sales businesses in Australia and Singapore, which offset otherwise strong performance particularly in Greater China and Japan. Adjusted EBITDA on fee revenue margin expansion of 200 basis points for the advisory services segment was driven by overall solid revenue growth, a favorable business mix and heightened focus on cost discipline. Now please turn to Slide 7 for a discussion of our Global Workplace Solutions segment, sometimes referred to as our outsourcing business. This segment achieved fee revenue growth of 12% in local currency and 8% in US dollars. All three regions posted double-digit growth in local currency on top of strong double-digit growth in Q of the prior year. FX was particularly challenging headwind in the quarter but should moderate as the year progresses. Global Workplace Solutions adjusted EBITDA grew by 20% in US dollars, reflecting strong operating leverage. We started the year by winning several large new contracts making it our strongest ever first quarter for new business wins. By example, we significantly expanded our relationship with Lowe's Home Improvement by combining our traditional facilities management strengths with the facility source technology and services capabilities that we acquired last year. Facility source had a small pilot program with Lowe's in place at the time of the acquisition. With this new contract, we now manage 196 million square feet for Lowe's nationally. We expect facility source will continue to drive growth with clients that have large, widely dispersed operations. With a record pipeline of pursuits, global workplace solutions are off to an excellent start to 2019. Now please turn to Slide 8 for a discussion of our Real Estate Investment segment. This segment includes our investment management business which includes contractual asset management fees, our development business and Hana, our flexible space solutions business. First quarter EBITDA growth of $37 million in this segment exceeded our own expectations. Investment management capital raising set a new record at $13 billion over the past 12-months. Assets under management increased by $1.7 billion in the quarter to reach a new high at more than $107 billion. Investment management contributed $6 million to adjusted EBITDA growth, co-investment returns totaled $13 million driven by the strong rebound in public equity prices in Q1 more than offsetting the decline in carried interest revenue versus last year. The development business continues to exhibit excellent momentum, contributing $36 million to adjusted EBITDA growth driven by several large asset sales, including an office disposition that had been budgeted for later in the year. In-process activity also reached a record level totaling $9.7 billion at the end of Q1. As you know, EBITDA from our development business can be choppy from quarter-to-quarter. Last year, the second and third quarters generated the majority of our EBITDA. This year, we expect the bulk of our EBITDA from development to be generated in the first and fourth quarters. Finally Hana incurred startup costs in line with our expectations. In its early stages Hana is being very well received, filling a marketplace need for property owners looking to participate in the powerful, flexible space trend. Now please turn to Slide 9 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. CBRE is off to a great start in 2019. As we look ahead, our business has positive momentum and we were running ahead of the expectations we outlined at our Investor Day in March. The macro market drivers and our inherent competitive advantages remain intact. As always, we caution against reading too much in the first quarter results as this is our seasonally smallest period. We'll revisit our guidance once we see how the business performs through mid year. With that operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
AnthonyPaolone: Okay, thank you. Good morning. My first question is on GWS, your peer groups similarly talked about pretty high win rates in the first quarter. Can you give us a little bit more color on just the number of RFPs or the scope and how just that pipeline looks relative to how you thought about the year going into 2019?
JimGroch: Yes. Sure, Anthony. This is Jim. Well, I won't get specific on a number of RFPs but the magnitude of the pipeline is more than double where it was two years ago. So it's definitely at an all-time record. It's more than double where it was two years ago. And the growth has just been very, very strong. So we had double-digit growth in all three regions. And that was on top of a very strong quarter in the first quarter of last year, which had growth of 14% to 17% of local currency for the three regions.
AnthonyPaolone: Okay. And the RFPs that you're seeing or some of the larger projects are they being divided among more than one service provider such that you could all have pretty high win rates and achieve your sort of growth goals or how's that playing out?
BobSulentic: Yes. Anthony, this is Bob. There are a certain number of them. They get divided up particularly the larger ones. But we've also prevailed in winning some very large accounts just ourselves. And I will tell you that the percentage of our pipeline that involves integrated multi service comprehensive request for proposal has doubled relative to where it was a year ago. So said differently, a year ago there may have been one or two services being requested, now it's more typical that it'll be all the services we offer, consulting facilities, management, project management, transaction management twice as often. And, yes, sometimes they're split up but often we've been able to win a complete offering.
AnthonyPaolone: Okay and then just another question on GWS, now that you're rolling in some of the leasing activity related to that into that business line. Has the leasing component of that or did the leasing component of that in the first quarter grow at an outsize level? And does that piece of that business help with the overall margin like you get the same kind of incremental margin on leasing in GWS as you do on the advisory side?
JimGroch: Yes. We're pretty conservative, Anthony, on how we're recognizing leasing revenues within GWS. So it's about 6% of the total revenue, fee revenue and GWS. And it grew at a similar--for the similar pace maybe slightly lower growth rate than we showed in the advisory business. But, obviously, the advisory business is getting the bulk of the revenues on any deals that are one within GWS and are being executed in the field.
AnthonyPaolone: Okay. And then just last question on the real estate investment segment. Any further guide posts on Hana and what the financial impact for 2019 is going to be? Whether it's net drag or neutral or just how to put that in?
JimGroch: It's a modest net drag and it's in line with our guidance. So we're running in line with our guidance on the impact of Hana.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
StephenSheldon: Good morning. First, I think you talked about leasing fee revenue growing high single digits this year back in March. Obviously, really strong results there this quarter. I think some of your competitors have seen similar trends. So just wanted to ask how leasing revenue came in during the quarter relative to your expectations and if your overall view on how that business could perform this year has changed at all, realizing that comparisons get more difficult?
BobSulentic: Yes. Leasing, we expected it to be strong and it was stronger than we expected it to be. There is a lot of account based work in the market that plays really well to our offering. So you've seen us take market share, you've seen the market be really strong. This ongoing trend to use in office space use the space to attract, retain make employees more efficient, improve morale is really a compelling trend and it is impacting the amount of work out there with big occupiers. And again it plays quite well to us because we have this integrated offering with workplace solutions with technology support, with lots of stuff that we do to help those types of tenants. So we expected a strong quarter. We expect a strong year but the quarter was stronger than we expected.
StephenSheldon: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess within the Advisory Solutions, can you maybe talk through some of the factors that drove the adjusted EBITDA margin expansion there? I think you talked about a positive impact from solid top line growth, revenue mix and cost management. I guess how should we think about the contribution from each of those factors and the potential for continued margin expansion there over the remainder of the year?
BobSulentic: Yes. I would say we talked about margin, the margin expansion and it was across the board it was in both the advisory and the GWS business. Combined they were up about 190 basis points. We noted that about a quarter of that increase came from kind of lumpier items such as the recognition OMSR gains, a little FX, some pension costs that didn't reoccur. But the rest were all kind of fundamental drivers to the business. So we did guide to increased operating margins throughout the year. Q1 performance was better than we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jason Green with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
JasonGreen: Good morning. On the sales side with the year-over-year declines, are you seeing any drying up of the amount of capital that's out there to invest? Or is it really just uncertainly related to the macro and people preferring to wait it out than put capital to work?
BobSulentic: I would say there's, it's more the latter, some uncertainty about what's going to happen. But there is an awful lot of both equity and debt capital on the sidelines ready to get into commercial real estate. And while the markets off, it's still overall a healthy market, significant amount of trading going on. So I would suggest it's uncertainty but no lack of capital anywhere in the world for good assets.
JasonGreen: Got it. And then on the leasing side, given some of the uncertainty is weighing on sales, can you talk about the length of leases that tenants are pursuing? If they're longer or shorter term in nature? And just the mentality of tenants overall as they look for space right now?
JimGroch: Yes. The mentality of tenants looking for space is quite strong. And as we've seen in our own business, we've been upgrading our own space, spending more money on our own space to compete for the top talent around the world. And we're finding our customers are doing the same thing. As far as lease terms, specifically they've migrated up a bit about maybe about six months in lengths over the last three or four years. So there's a little bit of increase going on there. We also have rent growth which has been running at about 4%. So that's a nice little tailwind as well and that's been the case for about 18 months now.
JasonGreen: Got it. And then last one for me. On the Hana, deal is expected to be announced as a proportion of the building that they sit in. How big are those deals? And how are landlords -- or landowners, kind of thinking about how much Hana space they're willing to have in their building?
BobSulentic: Well, the size the size of the typical Hana unit is not really that dependent on the size of the building. And so if it's a smaller building, it's a bigger percentage of the building, but certainly landlords have no problem at all having upwards of 5% to 10% of the space in some buildings being in a Hana type unit.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
JadeRahmani: Yes. I was wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing in the M&A environment. And if you could identify or give some thoughts around potential business lines that you might look at? Would you look at M&A in the capital markets side of the business? Or are you looking to grow more recurring contractual types of businesses?
BobSulentic: Yes. Sure, Jade. Yes, the M&A pipeline is I would say is as strong as it's ever been. We closed three in field acquisitions since the beginning of the year. And as far as capital markets or not, I mean we're always kind of attentive to where we are in the business cycle and the cyclicality of different businesses. That said, there are ways to structure, to structure deals but we're generally on the more conservative side of our underwriting as we're -- even though the fundamentals are excellent. We are in the later stages of a long economic cycle. So we've got I'd say the pipeline's as strong as it ever been, but we are taking a conservative point of view on underwriting.
JadeRahmani: Okay. In terms of the capital markets environment, could you make any comments on how 2Q or pipelines deal activity, interest levels have been so far? Is some of the 1Q softness spillover from the volatility that played out in December? Or you're seeing something more widespread as far as a trend goes?
BobSulentic: Yes. We do think the volatility in December impacted the Q1 results. Our expectations for capital markets for the year have not really changed since we gave our first, our yearend numbers and our expectations for the year. But there was some impact in the first quarter due to that December volatility.
JadeRahmani: Has any of that started to improve this so far second quarter? Not as per guidance but just a market comment. 
BobSulentic: We really haven't changed our view on where capital markets and sales are headed other than to acknowledge there was some impact of the December volatility in those first quarter numbers.
JadeRahmani: Okay. In terms of leasing, is the majority being driven, the majority of the growth being driven by technology, flex space and industrial?
BobSulentic: The majority of the growth is being driven by office space, a use but not necessarily just technology. About 23% of our leasing in Q1 was to technology companies that have been running over the last couple years more like 20%. So technology was up a little but not a lot, but definitely the growth in our leasing numbers was driven by office space, all manner of office users.
JadeRahmani: What about co-working and flex spaces within that office leasing growth?
BobSulentic: About 2% of the growth we experienced in leasing two points of the total number of growth points came from co-working or flexible space.
JadeRahmani: So that seems like it's actually lower than the rest of the market. Would you agree with that? I saw a JLL 1Q report that showed about 20% of leasing activity in the first quarter was driven by flex space.
BobSulentic: It was not 20% of our leasing. It did contribute to growth. It did contribute to year-over-year growth, but it was a smaller percentage than that for us.
JadeRahmani: Okay and just lastly on the write-down within investment management. What was the triggering mechanism for that the trend toward passive investment strategies? It's taking place over multiple years and you also completed your annual review several months ago. So wondering what drove that impairment? The timing of it?
BobSulentic: Yes. We review all of our accounts every quarter. And we had some feedback on a couple of accounts specifically that they were going to be moving to more passive strategies.
JadeRahmani: Okay. Were they separately managed accounts?
BobSulentic: I'd rather not get into details of the specifics of the accounts, but those were the triggering events.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James Financial. Please proceed with your question.
PatrickO’Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning, guys. So first, I was wondering if you can give an update on your outlook for your--for the GSE lending business? Obviously, some leadership turnover and a lot of statements being made in DC right now. What are your current thoughts on the outlook for that?
JimGroch: The first quarter was very strong. We do expect that that will taper. Both agencies are guiding to I think down about 5%. They've fixed, their caps haven't changed, but they've gotten tighter on some of the exceptions to the caps. Yes, so we think the director, collaborator will continue to kind of focus on shrinking that footprint over time, but in a very gradual way over many years.
PatrickO’Shaughnessy: Got it. And then the second question maybe just a higher level strategic question. How much thought have you guys given to trying to monetize the data that you collect as largest commercial real estate service provider in the world? So you obviously have a lot of internal tools that you leverage for your internal employees, but then when you see firms like CoStar, it's got $18 billion market cap. You've seen some deals in the space, obviously, the data is valuable. To what extent have you guys explored whether you can monetize your data?
BobSulentic: Patrick, we think about that from time to time, but we do monetize our data now. We use our data extensively to support the revenue that we generate across our business. Our leasing business, we use data extensively in our GWS business, in our capital markets business. The notion of separately selling data, it's something we talk about from time to time, but the main way we're using data now is to support our own clients.
PatrickO’Shaughnessy: Is a concern that would be that if you were to separately sell it then maybe you would be losing some of your competitive advantage by providing high-quality data to your competitors?
BobSulentic: I think the main concern is that we are really focused on the work we're doing. The lines of business we have and we have a really, really strong digital and technology team we built, and we got them focused in that area now. We will consider over time and we talk about from time to time what we might do beyond that, but for the moment we think the right focus is on the lines of business and the clients we have doing the things, we're doing for those clients now.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mitch Germain with JMP Group. Please proceed with your questions.
MitchGermain: Good morning. Have any of the fundamental drivers of facilities management shifted? I know cost initiative, cost savings was a very primary driver, but have you seen any shift in that over the last 12-24 months?
BobSulentic: Cost is still a really big driver in that business, but increasingly anything we do for occupiers is being impacted by the experience we create in the space that they occupy or the experience we helped them create. So we have this new offering host which is combination of the technology platform and a group of more legacy type services that we do for clients. We do a lot of workplace solutions consulting for our occupier clients that help drive that business. We manage office space today with 9 million people in and around the world and they're increasingly asking us to do experience type work for them. So that's a driver that exists to the degree it does today. Even a year ago, or certainly two years ago, the cost is still a very, very big element of that business.
MitchGermain: And our customers looking to consolidate to one provider or are you still looking at a lot of different shared services based on whether it be geography or a region or something like that?
BobSulentic: Clients are looking to consolidate to fewer providers. A good number of them want to work with one provider if they can provide -- if find a provider that can do the things they need in terms of the breadth of services. And the geographic footprint and we have, as I said in my comments earlier, won a number of large accounts on a single provider basis because our clients now believe we can do things that two or three years ago before GWS, before our organic growth, before facilities source, we couldn't do and certainly nobody else could do.
MitchGermain: Got you. And then last question. I apologize I know you mentioned, Jim, the builders of the EBITDA margin expansion looks like a 190 basis points advisory and global workplace solutions. Where's the remaining 130? And how much of it came from real estate investment business line?
JimGroch: The 190 basis points I referenced is a 100% from within the services businesses, from within GWS and advisory. So zero that margin expansion came from the real estate investment businesses. And most of it is really just fundamentals. Its business makes --it's growth in the business and it's cost control.
MitchGermain: Just want to follow up on that. So the gains from the development and the co investment income. How much of that contributed in the volume? 
BobSulentic: Again the 190 basis points that I referenced for the two services businesses. Zero that does not include any impact from any of the real estate investment businesses. That's purely in the two services businesses combined. And both businesses did very nicely on the margin expansion, both segments.
Operator: Our next question comes in line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
RyanTomasello: Good morning. This is actually Ryan Tomasello swapping in for Jade. Thanks for taking the follow up. For Hana, you talked about this year, but just looking beyond 2019, can you state what you expect for stabilized economics or return in that business and then perhaps discuss your approach with regards to choosing between the business model in Hana between outright leases or partnership and management agreements with owners, which of those you prefer?
BobSulentic: Sure. We have a strong preference for partnership. We got into this business because our clients on both sides landlords and occupiers are asking us for help in this area. So these are massive, very, very important clients. That's our focus is delivering what these clients want. And so we have a strong preference to be on the --in partnership with them or on a fee-for-service basis with them. As we've said, we will sign leases here and there just to get scale and experience. But that's our preferred business model. We haven't given guidance past 2019. 
RyanTomasello: I mean I'm not asking for specific guidance but just in terms of high-level return expectations or margins in the business longer term, if you can? If not, understandable.
JimGroch: Yes. I mean any place we deploy capital, we're looking for a very strong return on that capital risk-adjusted return. But I wouldn't get into more detail than that at this point. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Sulentic for any final comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks for being with us everyone and we look forward to talking to you again end of the second quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke with Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome the CBRE's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on our website, cbre.com. On the Investor Relations page of our website, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, investment levels and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations together with explanations of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all revenue and fee revenue growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated. Please turn to slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer. Now, please turn to slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad. And good morning, everyone. Our business ended the year with broad strength across geographies and business lines. The fourth quarter was highlighted by 16% fee revenue growth in our regional services businesses, with positive operating leverage in those businesses, driven by leasing and occupier outsourcing. This led to adjusted EPS growth of 26% for the quarter. For the year, adjusted EPS rose 20% on 15% growth in fee revenue. This marks our ninth consecutive year of double-digit increases in adjusted EPS. Our results for both the quarter and the year reflect the operational gains in capital investments we have made to enable our people to produce hard-to-replicate client outcomes. Our leasing business is a good example. We repositioned this business four years ago in response to client appetite for greater advisory services and now have more than 1,000 dedicated specialists working alongside our transaction professionals. They advise clients on workplace design and employee experience, labor and location analytics, government incentives, and supply chain optimization, among other things. No competitor has the capacity to invest in advisory capabilities to the same degree that CBRE has. This is creating competitive differentiation and contributing to strong leasing revenue growth, particularly with account-based clients. While we were having one of our best quarters on record, we also worked diligently to prepare for the reorganization that took effect on January 1. The structure puts several of our sector's very best leaders in compelling new leadership roles, sharpens our focus on excellence across our services, and enables operating efficiencies across our business.  These moves are already having an impact and we expect them to come through in our financial performance in 2019. Before I hand the call over to Jim, I'll comment on the plan we announced in January to split his responsibilities. Our scale and financial strength, much of which resulted from Jim's excellent work, give CBRE unique advantages as an investor in our sector. Jim is a savvy investor with a proven long-term record of successfully allocating and deploying capital. We will benefit greatly from his exclusive focus in this critically important area. I want to thank Jim for his many contributions as our CFO. Our search for new CFO is progressing nicely. Now, Jim will discuss our performance for the fourth quarter and the year in more detail. 
Jim Groch : Thanks, Bob. Please turn to slide five. Before discussing our performance, I want to say how much I am looking forward to devoting my full attention to allocating and investing our capital. We have built up considerable investment capacity and anticipate great opportunities to deploy capital over time to add value for shareholders and capabilities for our clients. I also look forward to working closely with our new CFO. As Bob noted, CBRE had an outstanding quarter and year. Fee revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS each reached all-time highs with double-digit growth across all metrics. For the quarter, consolidated fee revenue rose 18% in local currency. Growth in the quarter was predominantly organic. Adjusted EBITDA rose 15% and adjusted EPS increased 26%, both in US dollars. For the year, adjusted EBITDA exceeded $1.9 billion and adjusted EPS of $3.28 increased 20% over prior year. Our full-year adjusted net income margin of 10.4% on fee revenue is up 50 basis points over 2017 and is a new record high for CBRE. Our balance sheet is very well positioned for the future. At year-end, net debt was only 0.6 times 2018 adjusted EBITDA. Late in the quarter, we borrowed €400 million on a new term loan and used the proceeds to repay US dollar term loans. We expect this transaction to reduce our annual interest expense by about $12 million, while also reducing the FX translation risk from our European business. In addition, we launched a refresh of our existing US$2.8 billion line of credit for a new five-year term that we expect to close in March. We also took advantage of volatility in the equity markets to buy back over $200 million of our stock. Through early January, we opportunistically acquired 5.1 million shares at an average price of $40.20 per share. Finally, I want to remind everyone that, as we discussed last quarter, we are introducing our new segment disclosures at our investor day in three weeks. We'll be providing guidance based on those new segments at that time. Please hold your questions about our 2019 forecast until our investor day. Please turn to slide six which details the revenue performance of our major lines of business for Q4. Leasing was incredibly strong this quarter, globally with a 24% increase over last year. All three regions produced double-digit increases. As Bob noted earlier, account-based work is representing a growing portion of our leasing business, and this was certainly the case in the fourth quarter.  Americas lead, with leasing up 27%, mostly driven by 29% growth in the US on top of 16% growth in Q4 of the prior year. M&A contributed about 4%. The accelerating growth of flexible office solutions was also a tailwind, and we estimate that, working with flexible space operators and placing our customers in their space, accounted for 3% of our US growth. The remainder is explained by market share gains in the strong overall leasing market.  Our US leasing business saw increases in the number of transactions, average square footage and price per square foot. Given the continued economic strength, companies are adding incremental office space and trading up to newer, more modern space. Global property sales revenue increased 10%, led by the Americas with a 13% increase, 10% growth in Asia-Pacific was notably led by China. While there is uncertainty around trade in China, we have seen high levels of investment activity from both foreign and domestic capital. Investments in our team and platform in China are also driving growth in the business. Our commercial mortgage origination business showed continued strength with 16% revenue growth. In 2018, CBRE originated the most agency multifamily mortgages in the US for the fifth time in six years. We were also the number one Freddie Mac originator for the 10th year in a row. Strong originations in the quarter helped our loan servicing portfolio cross the $200 billion mark and recurring servicing revenues rose 20% for the quarter. Please turn to slide seven which highlights our occupier outsourcing business, which as Bob mentioned had another quarter of impressive growth. Fee revenue rose 20% for the quarter and 19% for the year. This was driven by strong organic growth of 16% for the quarter and 14% for the year. Growth has been driven by an ability to create value for our clients with an unmatched platform. The depth and breadth of our platform has been materially enhanced in recent years, with the successful integrations of Norland, JCI's Global Workplace Solutions business, and FacilitySource, along with numerous smaller specialty firms. As an example, in the fourth quarter, we combined the capabilities of FacilitySource which we acquired in June, with the strength of our existing outsourcing platform to win one of our largest-ever facility management contracts with a new outsourcing client. These combined capabilities allowed CBRE to provide a tailored client solution that could not be matched by others. An example of an expanding existing relationship is Uber. In the fourth quarter, Uber awarded us a global mandate to provide a full suite of outsourcing services, including strategic consulting and transactions, facilities and project management for its 6 million square foot portfolio. Investments in digital and technology capabilities and our CBRE 360 workplace experience service, which we recently renamed, Host were important in differentiating our offering. With growing capabilities and a record year-end pipeline, this business is poised for another year of solid double-digit growth.  Please turn to slide eight which summarizes our Global Investment Management segment. Revenue was up 18%, driven by growth in asset management and incentive fees and higher carried interest. Adjusted EBITDA rose 7% in the quarter despite a mark-to-market loss of $7 million on co-investments in public securities in a turbulent quarter. These co-investment losses have since reversed with improved public markets in January. We continue to attract significant capital due to our record of generating very good returns for our fund and separate account investors. Capital raising rose 10% during 2018 to $10.9 billion, a record for the company. Assets under management increased by $1 billion in US dollars from the prior quarter to $1.05.5 billion. For the year, AUM increased $2.3 billion in US dollars and $5.1 billion in local currency. Please turn to slide nine which summarizes our Development Services segment. This business had a remarkable year, with $185 million of adjusted EBITDA, up 55% over prior year. $34 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was on par with a strong Q4 2017. Our development in-process reached a record level of $9 billion, a strong indicator of anticipated activity over the next few years. As a reminder, this business consumes relatively little capital. We had $100 million invested in development projects at year-end 2018 and just $8 million of repayment guarantees on outstanding debt balances. Following 2018's record performance, we expect 2019 adjusted EBITDA to be closer to 2017, which was our next strongest year ever. Now, please turn to slide 10 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic : Thanks, Jim. We start the new year with excellent momentum across our global business. Our people are energized and aligned behind our strategy. Our new organizational structure will allow them to take maximum advantage of CBRE's scale and resources and growing suite of technology tools. Globally, the economy is expected to grow at a healthy, but moderately slower, pace than in 2018. Cross-border capital flows are solid, notwithstanding the ongoing trade and geopolitical tensions. While we remain mindful of potential macro challenges and the length of the current economic expansion, this continues to be a supportive environment for our business. As always, transaction volumes are difficult to forecast. However, we expect solid revenue growth in our transaction businesses in 2019, supported by market share gains.  We also see strong continued momentum in real estate outsourcing as interest accelerates in new sectors and customers expand existing mandates. In addition, our competitive advantages continue to strengthen, driven by large investments in strategic acquisitions and strong operational and technology gains. This portends another year of strong growth for our outsourcing business in 2019. Finally, we continue to make material investments in our business at a level similar to 2018, with the intention of further differentiating our products and services. In 2019, we expect solid top line growth, while also achieving modest positive operating leverage in our advisory and outsourcing businesses. We will discuss all of this in more detail at our investor day and we look forward to seeing everyone in New York on March 7. Before I close, let me thank everyone at CBRE for another outstanding year in 2018. We are very proud of their dedicated efforts on behalf of our clients and our shareholders. And now, operator, we'll open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. Good morning. My first question is, as it relates to – I think, Bob, you mentioned the continued investment into the business again in 2019. I know, in 2018, you reinvested, I guess, the tax savings. As you think about 2019 and that comment, is that incremental to that? Or it just means that that level of investment continues?
Bob Sulentic: Jim, why don't you hit the investment level that we're expecting?
Jim Groch: Sure, Anthony. We have commented that we expect modest operating leverage next year. So, that, overall, obviously implies that our investment levels will grow at a slower rate than our revenue growth. So, we're at a steady state investment level where that'll grow a bit as the business grows. But nothing akin to what you saw last year, just more of a steady state investment now.
Anthony Paolone: Got it. And do you have a final tally on what that pickup was in 2018? I think, if I recall correctly, it was something like $30 million a quarter or something thereabouts, but I don't know if you have a more accurate number as the years close out?
Jim Groch: It did start off a little bit slower and end the year at about $40 million in the fourth quarter and was close to $30 million in Q3.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And the first half was a little bit less than those still?
Jim Groch: Yeah, just took some time as things ramped up.
Anthony Paolone: All right. Though still in the order of magnitude of, call it, 100 million bucks or something thereabouts?
Jim Groch: That's right.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Can you comment on the M&A landscape, what you're seeing out there, pricing, types of deals you'd like to?
Jim Groch: Yeah, sure. I'd say, overall, Anthony, the market is healthy. We did about 10 investments this year. You could say, as it feels like we're later in the cycle, we're seeing more deals come to market for obvious reasons as sellers are more open to selling. That, obviously, puts more of the onus on us to be very thoughtful about underwriting. But I'd say it's a healthy – it's a solid, steady, healthy market with a lot of companies to look at and a lot of good companies to consider. And multiples are in line. Our typical deal, infill multiples was still in the plus or minus 6 range on average. If you have a unique deal that's more of a software platform or something like that, obviously, that will trade differently. But the traditional infill M&A type transactions have been trading at a pretty steady range or at least with the deals that we've done.
Anthony Paolone: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jason Green with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Green: I know you're not giving guidance today, but you're calling for solid revenue in the transaction business. I guess just broadly and specifically in the sales market, what are you guys seeing out there in the marketplace that gives you confidence that this is a number that can continue to grow?
Bob Sulentic: Jason, we're seeing a few things. First of all, there's a lot of debt and equity capital available that still wants to get into commercial real estate. Assets are in really good shape. Occupancies are going up. Rental rates are growing up, which is attractive to investors in commercial real estate. And the base of assets around the world is growing.  We're now potentially going to see some new development in New York that we haven't seen for a while. So, I think all of that suggests, of course, unless problems emerge, given what's going on geopolitically and in trade, et cetera, I think we should see another solid year for building sales. Probably the marketplace in general won't be quite as active as it was in 2018, but we expect to grow our business because we expect it takes some market share. We've added some professionals, some things we've done historically. By the way, what's going on with interest rates is probably a good thing for asset sales. The momentum to raise interest rates has diminished and we think that's a good thing.
Jason Green: As far as interest rates, you saw a dramatic decline in the 10-year from the start of 4Q till the end. Was there a noticeable change throughout the quarter in investment sales activity and just the outlook of some of those customers?
Bob Sulentic: I don't think we could stratify our trading that closely throughout the quarter. I can tell you we had a really good quarter where we think we took significant market share in all three regions of the world. We saw healthy trading everywhere. There was clearly some downward pressure in the UK related to Brexit, not huge, but some. But, in general, we saw an active market around the world. We saw a really active market here in the US for our GSE financing. Are so, I wouldn't say that the type of circumstance you described was real evident.
Jason Green: Got it. And then, last question for me, on that GSE financing, you have the potential new add of FHFA testifying tomorrow. And, historically, he's been at least against the concept of the GSEs in general. I guess, given the amount of business you do with any of these, can you talk about what your expectations are moving forward there?
Bob Sulentic: We're expecting Mark Calabria to be confirmed in the coming months to the lead FHFA. We see him as a conservative executive who is unlikely to expand the lending programs, but at the same time also not likely to make risky changes in the system – or to the system that's worked well through the financial crisis and continues to work well. And, specifically, we're refering to multifamily. And as you know, the multifamily part of the GSEs actually did quite well through the financial crisis and have performed very nicely since as well. So, we see that as being pretty stable. We do expect changes over time and we think that any changes will incur very gradually over a period of many years.
Jason Green: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alan Wai with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Wai: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on your Americas EBITDA margin. Seemed to me that the business mix was quite favorable due to the leasing and sales, but did not lead to significant margin improvement. Any there any puts and takes I should be thinking about?
Jim Groch: Alan, I would say, we did have incremental investments I referenced earlier in response to a question from Anthony. It was about $40 million in the quarter as compared to the same quarter in the prior year. We also had a bit of headwind – FX headwind. I want to say, it cost about $10 million or so. I'll confirm that. And we still achieved a 10 basis point higher margin in the quarter. We also had – acquisition mix was about a 10 basis point headwind.
Alan Wai: Great, that's helpful.
Jim Groch: And, of course, business mix with GWS growth being up so much in the quarter. So, I guess, the way I would look at, it's a pretty darn strong quarter with a significant shift in business mix, significant incremental investments, some headwind from exchange rates and we still expanded margins by 10 basis points.
Alan Wai: Your EMEA capital markets revenues were down only 2%, while the broader market was down over 20%. So, can you comment on what's driving that type of outperformance? And any color on the UK would also be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: That was mostly Continental Europe. We had a really good year last year. Your numbers would suggest what we believe which is that we did take market share. We did see some downward pressure in the UK. And as expected, although it didn't, it wasn't a very dominant circumstance relative to our overall performance. It did have an impact on the margin. We didn't see that, by the way, leasing where we saw really strong growth in the UK, but we saw a little bit of pressure in asset trading and the continent did quite well. 
Alan Wai: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Thank you. In the leasing environment, it seems like a lot of the key drivers, modernizing space and co-sell from outsourcing, it seems like that's been around, right? That's always been part of the story for the last couple of years. So, what do you think is really unlocking the growth in that business line this year versus the last couple of years?
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, there are several things going on. Some of them are market related. Some pretty significant ones are market related. And then, some are more unique to us and a couple of our larger competitors. For sure, this office experience dynamic where companies are using space to attract, to retain and make talent more productive is a big deal. There is just no doubt about it. Co-working is helping on the margin. I think we thought it had a 3% impact. But 3% impact, when you have that much growth, is nontrivial. That's important. Everything that you're seeing going on with e-commerce and the – in both directions, the e-commerce sell and then the returns which have become huge, is prompting a lot of leasing activity that we haven't seen historically in warehouse space of various types, small and large. So, all of that is helping the sector. And then, as it relates to a company like ourselves, and specifically us, since it's us we're talking about, I guess, the account-based business is growing and we are in a super good position to take advantage of that with our global footprint, with our ability to invest in all these advisory services. We now have a thousand people around the world working on advisory-related services for clients to kind of supplement our traditional tenant rep business. The technology platform we can build, the link to our outsourcing, to our FM and project management clients, all of that account-based work is growing and we're taking a disproportionate share of that, and that's coming through in the numbers. So, there are a bunch of things at play that are causing the results you're seeing in the leasing business. And it's been really good news for our company.
Mitch Germain: Great, thanks for that. You said the reorg is paying some immediate dividends. And I'm curious, are you changing – are you shifting the way that you measure employee and broker performance? Is that part of the process as well?
Bob Sulentic: It's not that we're shifting it with the new organization we have and the focus on the segment. So, you're asking leasing or brokerage specifically. With the focus we have on our advisory business, we expect the management team in that business to be much more focused, to have much greater insight and much greater accountability specifically about the performance of that part of the business. The way we've set up our chief operating officer, Jack Durburg, in a role that we've never had him in before or we've never had a person in before, a big part of what he's supposed to do is help drive those business lines and help drive the measurement of those business lines, which, of course, improves accountability. And we expect that to come through in the results. Then, we're rebuilding our client care effort, which is about the way we serve and measure the work we do for these big account-based clients. We expect all those things to conspire to allow us to have better insight into the performance of those lines of business, more accountability and, as a result, better results. We also are going to gain some advantage on the cost side. There's just no doubt in my mind about that. We've eliminated some costs and we have an organizational structure that's going to be more accountable for eliminating even more costs.
Mitch Germain: Great. And then, last one from me, I know you just launched it back in October, but the co-working venture and how that's coming about?
Bob Sulentic: Hana? Hana is going quite well. We expect, very soon, to announce a number of units and we'll have units up and running, we think, by this summer. It's a new investment opportunity for us. That is one of the most exciting opportunities we've had in some time and we love the team we have, we love the strategy we have. We think the marketplace is oriented quite well toward it. We think our relationships with both occupiers and landlords is oriented quite well toward it. so, we're excited and it's moving along as we had hoped.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. Just want to have a little bit of a discussion on the Development Services side. The in-process amount has grown quite substantially here – or, I guess, last year in 2018. And I'm just trying to square that with the comments that adjusted EBITDA in 2019 will be closer to 2017 levels. So, maybe just broader discussion around the timing of those projects, when you recognize most of the profits on those would be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. David, the kind of gestation period for a development deal takes it beyond the first year that you put it in process. And some are longer than others. You can have some warehouses that you can get through pretty quickly in a year, maybe a little over a year. Office buildings can take much longer. Multi-family can take much longer. And we're doing more and more core type product which, in general, takes a little longer, which is by the way very good news because it's generally less risky, generally you're able to finance it with more staying power. And so, even if you hit a bump in the road with the marketplace, you can get through it and do quite well. But the bump up that you're seeing in that in-process portfolio wouldn't likely harvest within a year.
David Ridley-Lane: And then, sort of separately on the FacilitySource acquisition, how has the early integration been and feedback among clients?
Jim Groch: Yeah. David, the early integration has been quite good. It's on plan with our underwriting. I noted when talking about the GWS business that we just landed in Q4, one of our largest global contracts ever, and FacilitySource played a big part in us being able to kind of customize the solution where different parts of our service were able to kind of attack different parts of the portfolio in a way that I think is somewhat unique, in that the client found to be really compelling. So, that deal is off to a great start. Integration is going well and the client response has been very positive.
David Ridley-Lane: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. I was somewhat surprised by the contribution to growth that you cited for co-working and flex space since a lot of independent research has estimated it accounts for somewhere between 20% and 30% of leasing absorption at least in 2018. So, can you give any color on why the contribution to growth was only 3%, given that the market absorption seems to be much higher than that?
Jim Groch: I guess one comment I would make is absorption tends to look at what's happening on the margin and doesn't account for the vast base of existing real estate that just turns and renews or maybe move. So, the other thing is you'll see a bigger impact in some of –markets like New York City and London where there's a lot of press and maybe many of us are closer to those markets. But we've kind of gone through our own internal analysis through our actual vouchers and feel that 3% is a good estimate of what the impact was on our total leasing business in the US in this year.
Jade Rahmani: What is your view about the overall sustainability of the business model, perhaps away from your independent initiative, but some of the other companies and the sustainability of this niche and their offering?
Bob Sulentic: We think that co-working or flexible space, we think it's going to morph over time. So, it's more suites oriented, institutional occupier oriented than traditional co-working. We think it's going to grow. We think it's 1% to 2% of the global base of multitenant space today. We think that could grow to 5% to 10%. Obviously, you've read research reports by others that suggest it could go much higher than that. We've studied it very closely. We think it's very real. We think that – let's look at our big occupier clients. We know for sure that those occupier clients want to have a lot of the space that they are in the space they own. We know that they want to have a lot of the space they are in be space they lease, that's exclusively for them. But we also know that, on the margin, they like to be able to have a chunk of their space for employees that move around the world or employees that are part of a team that's just forming and maybe absorbed into something else later, things like that. They like the notion of flexible space. And so, we think this opportunity is real. We think it's going to grow. And we are very oriented toward participating in it in a variety of ways.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of the capital markets environment, are you seeing any changes in terms of the number of bid list participants and bid listed on transactions or any concentrations, whether it be in pricing or average deal size? Any trends that you could point out?
Bob Sulentic: No big trends. Cap rates are pretty stable. The amount of capital that's out there is stable. The flow of capital information may have slowed a bit. There's plenty of bidders for anything good that comes to market. There's plenty of debt for anything good that comes to market. We've said we think the market will be a little less active. Well, the growth will be. I shouldn't say that. We think the growth in the market will be less in 2019 than 2018. We think it will be kind of a flattish market. But I wouldn't say we're seeing big trends and we expect to grow our capital markets in our sales business next year.
Jade Rahmani: Turning to M&A, do you see any compelling rationale for mergers amongst the large public players in commercial real estate services, whether it be to consolidate market share globally and drive increased penetration amongst larger clients or rationalize overhead or accelerate the technology investment in the industry?
Jim Groch: We wouldn't generally comment on questions where it could kind of get – you get specific quickly in a relatively small industry. But all those opportunities have been around for a long time and the pace of activity, over time, has been what it's been. There are opportunities along the lines of some of the things you mentioned. There's also breakage issues that people have to consider an culture. And we're growing our business now on an organic basis by a large amount each year. The annual growth is equal to the size of some of the fairly large customers. Competitors are now in the marketplace, and so you have to you have to look at all the opportunities and compare them against one another.
Jade Rahmani: And when you look at CBRE's overall mix of business, product offering, do you see any obvious identifiable gaps in the product set, niches that you are not currently offering or any ancillary businesses that you're not active in right now?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, we like the businesses we're in. We study that all the time and ask the question with our management team, with our strategy team, with our board, should we go into adjacent areas. The choices we made for the time being are that we're going to into this experienced market with our Host offering more aggressively. We made the choice to go into the co-working or flexible space market with Hana. Obviously, in this last cycle, we escalated materially our participation in multifamily. We think that was a really good call. We have now a sizable multifamily development business. And we've always had a sizable multifamily trading and financing business. But for the most part, we like the businesses we're in and we see opportunities all over our business to expand. We don't have 10% market share globally in anything we do and we're constantly scanning our lines of business and our geographies for places where we think we can do more. By the way, this reorganization should really help in that regard. So, let's take our advisory business. If you went back to the organizational structure we had last year and before and look across the geographies, to a degree, among our leadership team, we had co-mingled our outsourcing business and our advisory business, our brokerage businesses. We're going to have much more focus now. We have mechanisms to ensure synergy between the two, but we're going to have much more focus. And if you were ask Mike Lafitte, the global head of our advisory business, what he's going to do, we have 12 divisional presidents around the world in that advisory business, and one of the things he's going to ask them to focus on in each major market is understanding whether or not we're the leader in occupier leasing, we're the leader in agency leasing, whether we're the leader in capital markets and financing, and understand that deeply and, to the extent, we aren't go after. That's one of the reasons we're so confident that this reorganization is going to be powerful. And so, the fact of the matter is, we largely like the products we're in, but we see plenty of holes and opportunities for improvement.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. Any indication thus far that the launch of Hana is going to weigh on your flexible workspace leasing activity?
Bob Sulentic: No indication at all, Patrick. When you look at our leasing activity and you look at the leasing activity of our good competitors, it's much bigger than just flexible workspace. We had a question a minute ago why only 3% when the market absorption is 20%? Well, first of all, that's just office space, right? We do a lot of leasing, obviously, in the industrial space. We do leasing in the retail space. But there is an awful lot of what's going on in the leasing world. We represent most big occupiers around the world. Most big occupiers around the world, the majority of their leasing will still be in spaces that are not co-working spaces. And so, we don't think on the margin that what we're doing with Hana or what our clients out in the market space that are in the agile or co-working arena do will have a big impact on our leasing business. Certainly, not for the foreseeable future. Now, if co-working didn't go to 10%, but, in fact, went to 20% or 30%, then maybe would move more in the direction of Hana and see a little bit of back pressure on our leasing, but we're not seeing it now.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great, thank you. And then, can you provide an update on your remaining share repurchase capacity and thoughts on further repurchases now that the market has rallied a bit and how you think about that versus your other capital allocation options?
Jim Groch: Sure. We've kept just under $50 million of remaining capacity under our existing authorization. And I would say, we'll continue to approach buybacks opportunistically, as I noted. We purchased just over $200 million, worth 5.1 million shares at an average price of $40.20 per share. That was mostly December and the first week in January. But we can, obviously, go back and ask for more authorization, but can't talk about it really beyond that. As far as capital allocation philosophy, it really hasn't changed. We returned capital to shareholders and we think is the highest and best use of our capital. We've also committed to returning capital to our shareholders if our leverage approaches zero. We've talked quite a bit about being in a posture of having low leverage at late cycle and we've spoken equally about being comfortable with higher than our long-term target leverage point as we're in a downturn and the early years of recovery where we think capital is scarce and it's a great time to deploy a lot of capital.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great. And then, following up on that point, so historically, you have used a lot of capital for M&A. But given the size of the business and the cash flow that the business generates today, is it realistic to expect that you can continue to have M&A be the primary usage of that capital over time or does it suggest that your capital philosophy is going to have to change, just given how the business has maturely grown?
Bob Sulentic: We still think we're going to have substantial opportunity to make acquisitions, infill acquisitions and transformational acquisitions, over time. The exact amount of that, we don't know. As Jim said, we're prepared to buy back our shares if that turns out to be the best use of capital. And we also think, over an extended period of time, with real attention to the cycle, there will be increased opportunities to invest in our real estate investment businesses, with Hana, with Trammell Crow Company and with our investment management business. So, we've got lots of places to look to to invest our capital and we think this is one of the real advantages we have as a company, is our ability to invest and then make those investments impactful after they happen.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great. And then, last one from me, in the Trammell Crow business, is there any indication that, at this point in this economic cycle, investors are getting a little bit nervous about embarking on those big development projects or is it still kind of full steam ahead?
Bob Sulentic: We're not having any trouble at all raising capital for that business. The track record has been pretty exceptional. In this cycle, we generated compounded returns for our third-party capital partners over 30%. They know that we're very thoughtful about the investments we make. And when we identify a project that we want to do, capital is there to participate with us.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. There are no additional questions at this time. I'll turn the floor back to management for further remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone. We appreciate you being with us and look forward to seeing you on our investor day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brad Burke - Investor Relations Bob Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan  Jason Green - Evercore  Alan Wai - Goldman Sachs  Stephen Sheldon - William Blair  Mitch Germain - JMP Securities  Jade Rahmani - KBW  Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James  David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke : Thank you, and welcome the CBRE's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on our website, cbre.com. On the Investor Relations page of our website, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, investment levels and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our third quarter 2018 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations together with explanations of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development. Now, please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic : Thank you, Brad and good morning, everyone. This is an exciting time for CBRE. We continue to advance the company on multiple fronts, while driving strong results for our clients and shareholders. As you've seen from our press release, we delivered double-digit increases on the top and bottom lines. The 14% fee revenue growth was led by particularly strong performance from our leasing business. This is reflective of deep relationships with our large occupier client base and our ability to attract the industry's top professionals to our increasingly differentiated operating platform. Occupier outsourcing again had excellent growth fueled by the secular shift toward outsourcing and CBRE's globally integrated capabilities. Our development services business had another strong quarter and is on track for record profits in 2018. I also want to comment on two important strategic initiatives that should have a big impact on CBRE. The first is the reorganization of the company, which we announced in August. We have clarified lines of authority for our management team, which will increase accountability, introduced operational and cost efficiencies and enhanced business line quality across our business. This new structure will also increase financial transparency for our company, and we hope promote greater transparency across our sector. The second initiative was the introduction yesterday of our flexible office space offering called Hana. This service evolved from a tremendous amount of interaction with and encouragement from our clients. Our deep relationships with property investors and occupiers, and what we have learned from our workplace experience service CBRE 360 position us well to succeed with this new offering. Hana is perfectly suited for property owners, who believe they can add value to their buildings with the flexible space solution that keeps them in control of their assets and for companies that want more flexibility in their occupancy to meet changing business needs and create a better workplace experience for their people. This is a rapidly expanding market that could comprise 5% to 10% of the total occupied space within a decade. We have assembled an exceptional team to capture this opportunity and kicked off our marketing efforts yesterday with a robust deal pipeline. Hana will operate, as part of our real estate investments business beginning in 2019. Now, Jim will take you through our third quarter in detail.
Jim Groch : Thank you, Bob. As Bob noted CBRE delivered another quarter of strong growth. Fee revenue increased 14% driven by 10% organic growth. Adjusted EBITDA rose 12% and adjusted EPS grew by 22% both in US dollars. Fee revenue for our combined regional services business increased by 13% with adjusted EBITDA increasing 6% both in US dollars. Adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue for our regional business declined one percentage point versus the prior year quarter to 15% consistent with our guidance at the beginning of the year. As you will recall, we outlined a significant investment program for 2018, as we reinvested the savings associated with tax reform, but for these investments, adjusted EBITDA would have grown faster than fee revenue. Additionally, adjusted EBITDA margins on fee revenue for our regional services business would have been approximately 40 basis points higher, absent the impact of FX and the acquisition of lower margin, but typically high growth outsourcing businesses. The impact of FX notable in Asia-Pacific, where adjusted EBITDA would have increased by 7% excluding all FX effects rather than declined by 4% in US dollars. I do want to emphasize that we continue to expect positive operating leverage in our regional services business in 2019. I should also highlight that we continue to expect a record adjusted net income margin on fee revenue for full year 2018. For Q3, 2018, our adjusted net income margin on fee revenue increased by 80 basis points to 10.3% versus Q3 of the prior year. Below the line, our tax rate of 23.5% for the quarter resulted in a $4 million reduction to tax expense versus the prior year, while depreciation and amortization expense increased by $11 million. M&A was active in the quarter. We completed four acquisitions, highlighted by the purchase of the remaining 50% ownership in our long-standing joint venture CBRE/New England, the leading provider of commercial real estate services in Boston and throughout New England. Slide 6 shows our revenue growth by line of business for Q3. Leasing realized double-digit revenue increase across all three regions. Leasing in the Americas grew 19%, with 15% organic growth on top of 14% overall growth in the prior year. Strong performance was broad based across countries, property types and varying transaction sizes. In EMEA, leasing growth of 18% was paced by France and the UK. Leasing rose 16% in Asia-Pacific against a tough comparison, helped by several large deals in Greater China. Our debt businesses again posted strong growth with commercial mortgage origination revenue up 22% and loan servicing revenue up 21% on a portfolio that grew to a record $196 billion. Growth was particularly strong in multi-family lending. Global property sales revenue rose 5% led by EMEA up 24%. Germany was a standout in the quarter driving over half the growth in property sales revenue versus the prior year. We also saw double-digit growth in our UK business, which continues to benefit from inbound foreign capital. Double-digit growth in UK property sales and leasing speaks to our ability to gain market share, despite the uncertainties around Brexit. Americas property sales growth of 2% was paced by a 7% increase in the United States, offset by weakness in Canada and Latin America, which both experienced exceptional growth in the prior year Q3. In Asia Pacific, sales revenue declined 5% versus a very difficult prior year comparison. Property management fee revenue growth of 8% was supported by continued double-digit growth in our outsourced accounting and reporting offering, which we discussed briefly during our Investor Day. Slide 7 highlights our occupier outsourcing business. Fee revenue increased 16% globally and all three regions produced mid-teens growth in local currency. We also had another particularly active quarter of client wins and expansions. This quarter, I'd like to highlight CBRE's continued inroads in the management of critical facilities such as data center operations. Our data center management offering is set to grow revenue by over 50% in 2018. CBRE's data center initiatives fit squarely in our outsourcing wheelhouse. Managing data center facilities requires a proven track record and deep technical expertise. Additional -- additionally data center owners increasingly desire multi-market solutions requiring the ability to execute at scale. CBRE manages approximately 75 million square feet of data centers around the world. By example, Lincoln Rackhouse, a rapidly growing data center business recently retained CBRE to manage data centers in key US markets. Our role is to manage the daily operations of the facilities, perform preventive maintenance on critical systems and manage capital projects. In selecting CBRE, Lincoln Rackhouse cited our knowledge of mission critical facilities, strategic insight, speed to market and consistent execution. This business is also highly synergistic with our specialized data center transaction business and has excellent momentum and a robust pipeline. Slide 8 summarizes the results for our Global Investment Management segment. This business raised a record $4.1 billion of capital in the quarter and $10.7 billion over the last four quarters. Assets under management increased by approximately $3 billion from the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $11 million versus $23 million in the prior year. The decline in financial performance was primarily impacted by the following three items. First, our public securities business remains under pressure from a continued industry-wide shift in investor preference toward passive investment vehicles. Second, Q3 EBITDA was negatively impacted by $4.5 million charge, resulting from a legacy employment agreement associated with the valuation of our public securities business. We do not expect a similar related expense going forward. Finally, we have invested in new talent, and new offerings to drive future growth. Specifically, we have built a new team to raise and manage the debt funds, and have also invested in new talent to expand our overall fundraising capability. Compensation expense associated with such activities as incurred upfront, while the revenue from additional assets under management will follow in future periods. Though is a challenging quarter for this business, we continue to drive strong performance for our investors and they in turn, trust us to manage more of their assets. We are keenly focused on improving the long-term profitability of this business and we expect better financial performance over the next four quarters. Slide 9 summarizes the results for our Development Services segment. Development Services, which operates under Trammell Crow Company is a high quality business with relatively modest capital, where debt guarantees at risk. A valuable brand often recognized as the top developer in the US and a differentiated and defensible strategy. Our combined in-process and pipeline portfolio once again reached a record totaling $12.4 billion. EBITDA of $77 million in Q3 was driven by a couple of larger than normal asset sales, while this EBITDA can be volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis, Development Services has consistently contributed to our profitability with adjusted EBITDA since 2008 totaling just over $800 million. Before I turn the call back over to Bob, I want to note that instead of providing our detailed 2019 guidance, when we report Q4 results, we will do so three weeks later at our Investor Day on March 7th in New York City. At that time, we will walk through the financial details of our new reporting segments, as that is the basis, we will be using to give guidance going forward. Now, please turn to Slide 10 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Before opening the call for questions, I want to take a moment to address the broader economic environment. Investors have clearly been concerned about the effects of higher interest rates and trade tensions. However, commercial real estate fundamentals have been resilient in the face of higher rates. There is more than ample debt and equity capital available for commercial real estate and cap rates have not increased in any meaningful way. As we've often noted, interest rates are important, but the more important drivers of our business are underlying economic growth, job creation, capital availability and overall allocations to the commercial real estate asset class. These drivers remain favorable, as evidenced by our results this quarter.  In addition, escalating trade tensions do not appear to be impacting our overall business. However, continued escalation could impact business sentiment, most notably for select markets in Asia, which combined, typically represent approximately 2% of our adjusted EBITDA.  Given our strong performance year-to-date and our favorable business outlook, we anticipate full year 2018, adjusted EPS coming in at the high end of our guidance, which we increased last quarter to a range of $3.10 per share to $3.20 per share. With that operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone : Thank you, and good morning. My first question is with regards to the margins in the regional businesses. Can you just talk to just what the order of magnitude is in dollar terms that you've been spending like for instance in the third quarter that was a drag on margins, and how to think about that either going away or this is the new baseline or how that works going forward?
Jim Groch : Sure. Anthony, this is Jim. How are you today?
Anthony Paolone : Great. Thanks.
Jim Groch : Yes. The margin -- so I guess, the first thing I'd say is on the investments we've done exactly what we said we were going to do at the beginning of the year. We've reinvested the savings from tax reform back into the business, into our people, technology, cost savings initiatives and initiatives to drive growth. The total incremental -- the total cost of these in Q3 had a little over $30 million impact on EBITDA. So without those investments, EBITDA growth would have been in the mid teens. As far as how to think about that going forward, I think thinking about these investments as more of a baseline within the business is the right way to think about it.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. Got it. And then if I look across particularly like investment sales and probably leasing as well, it seems like the percentage growth was very good in Europe, particularly and like the US against the RCA data. So I'm just curious how much of that you think is market share gains versus things like buyer or user representation or just doing other sorts of things that are driving growth?
Bob Sulentic : Yes. Tony, it's Bob. Well, you mentioned both capital markets and leasing, now, I'll start with capital markets. We think we took a lot of market share in Europe and Asia, and we think the quarter was for us -- in terms of market share was kind of in line with what went on with the industry. But around the world, globally, we took a lot of market share. We've taken significant market share, as you know, over the last couple of years. And we think that our capital markets team has done a really great job of connecting around the world to move the capital quickly to where the best opportunities are and to get in front of our clients with that connected capability. It's been a big difference maker for us. On the leasing side, there's a couple of things going on, and I think it's coming through in our occupier outsourcing numbers and it's coming through in our occupier leasing numbers and that is we have a very good, very connected product for occupiers enabled with a bunch of consultative capabilities, a bunch of technology capabilities, and we're able to provide solutions for them, and we've said this over and over that are -- it is increasingly hard for the competition to do. We are taking market share and we're taking market share around the world in the occupier business on the outsourcing side, on the leasing side and the numbers were pretty resounding this quarter in all three regions of the world, in that regard. And also I think it's worth noting, the global economy is in good shape and commercial real estates in good shape and the customers we serve have strong balance sheets, they're growing, they're investing in their businesses. So there's a whole lot of good stuff happening there.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. Thanks. And then lastly on Hana and that initiative. Can you give any brackets around things like how much money you expect to invest in that timeline to perhaps profitability? How big that business might be in 2019 on a square footage basis. Just any other detail around there that you could provide?
Jim Groch : Sure, Anthony. We will unpack that more at our Investor Day and a lot of it will depend on kind of the rate of the roll out and this is really important initiative. But just to give you some perspective, we're penciling in $50 million to $60 million of CapEx investment in 2019. Typical facilities should take 12 months to 18 months to breakeven, and we expect strong returns on our capital to deploy.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. And is this something, where you will be going at this, in terms of putting up the money alone or will you partner with landlords, like how will that work?
Bob Sulentic : Yes. Tony, this -- we have in a business that's rapidly growing that is flexible space. We have a model that we think is a bit unique and that is that we're going to partner with landlords. We're not going to lease space that's not the business model. We are going to partner with landlords. We're going to put in a portion of the capital. They're going to put in a portion of the capital, and then we're going to share in the leasing revenues. We'll operate the space. We'll lease the space. We'll build the space for them. And we designed this product working intensely with a bunch of our investor clients, our landlord clients and it's a product that's designed exactly the way, they wanted it to be designed. We got a very good backlog of perspective deals that we'll be talking about. We believe over the next few weeks and months. And we think it's a product that the landlords are quite excited about.
Anthony Paolone : Okay. And is the anticipation that the user of the product will be individual workers with the membership like a co-working situation or is this more of an enterprise solution for a business that needs some flexibility and you'll work with the landlord to provide that -- to that customer?
Bob Sulentic : Dramatically skewed toward enterprises about 5% to 10% of the space of each Hana facility will be dedicated toward co-working kind of traditional co-working. There'll be some space in there that's amenity space and conference rooms, et cetera, but this is -- this is for enterprise clients. And by the way, this is one of the reasons that the landlords were excited to work with us. We manage a couple billion square feet of office space around the world with 9 million people in it. We have a real connection to those occupiers, and we know a lot about what those occupiers want and we think that's going to help us be successful with this initiative.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Green with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Green : Good morning. I'm just curious given kind of increase in negative sentiment in the marketplace, has that affected at all the occupier outsourcing business, the aggressiveness of some kind of corporate and institutional orders to pursue occupier outsourcing business with you?
Bob Sulentic : Look our occupier outsourcing businesses had mid double-digit growth all year long, we expect that to continue. And the market sentiment -- I assume, Jason you're talking about the stock market sentiment, the economy is in good shape, consumers are positive, companies are positive. And we're seeing good growth in that business, and we expect that to continue. By the way, the history of that business is that even when sentiment turns negative, there's impetus for growth because that's when a lot of corporations are trying to save money, and we save them money when we outsource their facilities. But we're not seeing negative sentiment at all right now.
Jason Green : Yes. I guess, in theory, even in a tough environment, the business should do well, just an opportunity for your clients to save money. But I'm just curious if you anticipate if we have some type of commercial real estate sales downturn, does that business kind of declines just for sentiment reasons or other?
Bob Sulentic : We haven't seen that historically. We haven't seen that market be tied at all to commercial real estate sales, and that's not our expectation.
Jason Green : Got it. And then just circling back to some of the strength in the multi-family lending. I know there is the potential for housing reform early next year, although that's been bounced around for the past couple of years. I guess, just kind of thinking about what risks there might potentially be or what potential benefits there might be with some type of change in GSE lending?
Jim Groch : Yes. Sure, Jason. Well, as you mentioned or I think you're indicating Mel Watt's term is ending, there could be -- there will be a new Director. I think there is some reason to believe that the new Director might take a more conservative view. On their scorecard, we can imagine there might be slight reductions in caps with the definition of what's excluded from caps. But any changes, we expect to be very measured, very carefully implemented and over a reasonable period of time. So we would expect there maybe some modest downward pressure on that, but that's our view.
Jason Green : Got it. And last question from me, just circling back to Hana. To your knowledge, have you seen kind of any other corporate players partner with landlords to try to figure out a solution to co-working space that's not your typical, WeWork, it's more geared toward kind of the enterprise and corporate client?
Bob Sulentic : There's others that are doing it, Jason. And one comment that I think is worth making here, this whole environment that we're in now, where office occupiers are looking for a different experience and for flexible space, this has been really good for our industry. I think it's one of the reasons that you've seen strong leasing growth from us. But in general, good leasing growth from the region. Office experience is one of the things that companies are using in the battle for talented employees, particularly, tech employees. And there's a lot of different ways that people are coming at this. We think the way we're doing it in partnership with the landlords is unique. I wouldn't be surprising if others do it. But it's a market today that takes about 1% of the base of the space out there of flexible space, we think that's going to grow to 5% to 10% probably, the higher end of that range. It's a big opportunity for us. It's a big opportunity for our sector. And again, because of our position with landlords and in particular, our position with occupiers, we think, we're in a really good place to take advantage of it. And here is the statistic for you that just we haven't talked about a lot, but we've done hundreds of leases representing occupiers going into flexible spaces here. So that is a big and real market.
Jason Green : Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alan Wai with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Wai : Hey, thanks. Good morning. On capital markets, EMEA sales were up over 20%. I was wondering how UK did in particular, and has there been any hesitation the market once again coming out of the latest Brexit discussions?
Bob Sulentic : Well, UK was one of the strong points in EMEA and London was strong, there's a lot of Asian capital interested in London. And the London marketplace is what it's been kind of forever. It is a really, really important place for global capital go to invest in real estate and we've seen strength in the last 90 days. We expect good things to happen. There is nervousness around Brexit and we're watching that closely. But London and the UK, we're certainly strong in the third quarter.
Alan Wai : In September, Jim you talked about a bit of easier 3Q comps for EMEA sales being a factor, obviously 4Q last year was a record quarter. Do you anticipate being able to reach those levels once again?
Jim Groch : Alan, I just want to make sure, I understand your question. Is it whether or not we think we can continue to have growth in Q4 against tougher comps?
Alan Wai : Yes. That's right.
Jim Groch : Yes. We're still expecting strong growth in Q4. And we've achieved strong growth in Q3 against some tough comps as well. Q2, we had a couple of regions, where the comps were a little crazy, where the prior quarter has been up 40% and even 80%.
Alan Wai : That's great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon : Yes. Good morning. I guess first here in occupier outsourcing, you're continuing to see really solid growth there. But it seems like it might have slowed down more than at least we had expected especially with the benefit of FacilitySource. So what did organic kind of local currency growth look like in that business and am I right in thinking there was a slowdown in growth, particularly in the Americas? And then second, any update to your target of getting FacilitySource to I think it was about $270 million run rate revenue by the end of this year?
Bob Sulentic : Let's see, I would say, we think we're on track for what we projected for FacilitySource that is gross revenues. So it has a smaller impact on fee revenue than you might be expecting. Overall growth has been stronger than expected generally. We guided at the beginning the year solid mid-teens, year-to-date, we're at 18% growth in the business. As far as organic growth, year-to-date, organic growth is at 12.5%, it's 9% this quarter. It can bump around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. We think Q4 will be solid double-digit and we'll have solid double-digit -- my guess is 12% plus organic growth for the year. So the growth has really been steady and strong and that's on top of comps that have gotten tougher this year, as growth accelerated into last year.
Stephen Sheldon : Got it. That's helpful. And then how are you thinking about CBRE's opportunity in healthcare at this point. You completed the now being Noveen Consulting acquisition. So I guess, what did that add for you? And will the opportunity in healthcare be an increased area of focus here over the next few years?
Bob Sulentic : Stephen, healthcare is one of the verticals that we really focus on with our occupier outsourcing business. There are a huge number of hospital systems around the US and obviously around the world. We've got a very good foothold in that business. We serve a lot of those hospital systems but the penetration so far has been very small. We have a very strong healthcare capability. And what we're seeing in healthcare is what we've seen in other areas of the business, financial services, technology, et cetera, when you start to have outsourcing happen and the population of participants in a sector sees the cost savings that can come from that, the efficiencies that can come from that, then it starts to roll out across the sector. We're seeing a lot of momentum in healthcare. It's a big part of our future in that business. And we have built the capability to address that opportunity.
Stephen Sheldon : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain : We see economic risk on the co-working venture, is that with the landlord? And then maybe second, will you guys be able to realize some incentive fees, if certain thresholds are achieved?
Bob Sulentic : Mitch. We're -- our model is to do these facilities in partnership with the landlords. So we'll put in a piece of the capital, they'll put in a piece of the -- a bigger piece of the capital generally. We'll share in proportion to the rents. We'll build the space. We'll manage the space. We'll lease the space on their behalf, on behalf of the building, but we won't have leasing risk generally in this model. We won't take leasing risk. So we'll be putting in capital, landlords will be putting in capital. Jim quantified earlier, what we expect our total capital investment next year and that's the model we're pursuing. That model is very, very exciting to the landlords because they want to keep control of the space, they want to keep control of the tenant base, in those buildings and this gives them the opportunity to do. It also gives them the opportunity to have a piece of the upside, which we'll also have of course.
Mitch Germain : Got you. That's helpful. Shifting over to development and I'm fairly certain most of that activity is happening here in the US. Have you guys shifted the way that you're underwriting some of these co-investments now in terms of your participation in some of these deals and/or the newer deals I should say, maybe any regions or asset classes that you're getting a little hesitant toward participate in?
Bob Sulentic : Mitch, we have a very intensive asset by asset underwriting process that we go through and in each local market, whether we're doing an office building, a multi-family building, warehouse building, which by the way are our three biggest product types, we also do healthcare and a little bit of retail, we look at the local sub market circumstances and then the macro circumstances around that as we underwrite these assets. It's something that we do very intensively, nothing about that has changed. And in general, the markets around the US -- and it is a domestic US business for us today, the markets around the US remain healthy. There's not a lot of vacancy. Unlike any cycle, we've seen in my career, there's not a lot of circumstances that appear where they maybe overbuilding. But we continue to underwrite these assets very rigorously.
Jim Groch : And Mitch, I would just add. We've got a total of $92 million of co-investments in and total recourse repayment guarantees and outstanding debt balances of $8 million on the $12 billion that's in process. So this is -- we go -- we're not changing the way we approach the business at all and the capital structures are pretty conservative.
Mitch Germain : That's helpful. And then I think my last question. Bob, I'd love to get maybe sort of a greater discussion maybe around the reorganization that was announced in August. Certainly you guys have been an incredibly successful company over the last decade or more. So some would argue was it necessary, I just love to gain some insight regarding yours, maybe the Board's thinking toward this change and what to expect from it?
Bob Sulentic : Well, it's the first question, I get as I go around the world and talk to our people, why change. It was the first question I got from our Board. Things are going well. We're in our ninth year of double-digit earnings growth, we've taken market share, our clients are happy and getting happier. So why change. And the reason for it Mitch is the following. If you don't change, the world around you is going to change and start to impose some failure on you, then you're going to be changing from a point of weakness, not strength. We're in a very strong position today, but we saw opportunities to do some things better. We had a real opportunity to put some super compelling leaders in more impactful positions and we got that done. We had an opportunity to have greater lines of -- clear lines of authority in our business with greater accountability. We for sure have gotten that done. We’ve put more emphasis on the quality of our product lines, which is really good thing for our clients. We’ve put more emphasis on our client care program, really good thing for our clients. The marketplace that invests in our stock wanted to have greater transparency into the performance of our various lines of business, and in particular, in our outsourcing business, we've done that. And we think that's going to force greater transparency in our whole sector. Then another thing, we're getting out of this that's important is, we're going to be more efficient, more cost effective as an enterprise. So those are all the things that drove this. We're a couple of months into implementing it. We're very, very encouraged about what we're seeing.
Mitch Germain : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani : Thanks very much. In terms of the real estate investor talent, what do you think the appetite for continued growth in acquisitions and refinancings will be in 2019? I've seen several surveys showing continued growth in investor allocations in terms of the targets?
Jim Groch : Yes. Yes. Jade, this is Jim. We are seeing a very healthy market. Our pipeline in the mortgage origination side is as strong as it's ever been. Spreads on the debt side getting tighter, I think are an indication that the bid-ask spreads are coming together as well on the acquisition side. So the market feels healthy and balanced and with a good bit of liquidity. And also not -- at the same time seems not getting overheated. It seems that the discipline is still there.
Jade Rahmani : In terms of the number of bidders on transactions, how is that been trending over the past couple of quarters?
Bob Sulentic : Jade, the fact of matter is, there is an awful lot of capital out there looking for acquisitions. And by the way some owners of acquisitions that might otherwise sell are not exiting assets because they can't find replacement assets. So there's plenty of bidders for -- there is plenty of debt, and there's plenty of equity for the assets that are in the marketplace and that's why you continue to see a healthy market.
Jade Rahmani : When you look at the outlook for 2019, what do you think poses a greater risk, the potential increased interest rate from the Fed's actions or that the ongoing trade tariff issues?
Bob Sulentic : Yes. I don't think either of those are our biggest risk right now. We're watching both of them closely and there's some concern about both of them in the market. I think the bigger risk is, we're in a good global economy and the tech companies and the other companies that really value talent continue to hire. I think the -- and unemployment here and in other countries is low. I think the bigger risk is that it may start to get tough to hire employees and that may force some inflation that could create some issues eventually. That's probably what we line up as the biggest concern right now. But again, we're watching interest rates, and we're watching the trade circumstance in there, the real things to be focused on.
Jade Rahmani : The commercial lending business has been an area of outperformance lately. I was wondering, if you have any insight or data about what the in-place cost of that is, for holders of commercial real estate. I think according to the MBA, there has been about 3 trillion of commercial real estate originations this cycle and something we've seen played out in the residential market, is that the weighted average cost of borrowing in place is much lower than current mortgage rates and that's starting to impact transaction volumes? Do you have any concerns about that playing out in 2019?
Jim Groch : I think the expectations through -- for 2019 are largely baked in today and obviously we've seen rates go up, but that's been at least partially offset by compressing -- compression in the spreads. So overall activity, it still feels like a pretty healthy environment for activity. And I think the commercial side is, it does have some differences obviously to the single-family home side. But all of this is based on what we expect in the marketplace today, if things changed materially from that then that would create new situation.
Jade Rahmani : On the leasing side, do you view the last two quarters of acceleration as sustainable?
Bob Sulentic : Well, look, I don't suspect that we're going to indefinitely be able to grow our leasing business at mid-teens plus rates. But we do think that the economy in the US and the economy around the world is good. We do really think that we have a solution for occupiers, an integrated solution, and a solution for tenants looking to lease space that puts us in a position to effectively grow market share. So we expect to see good strength out of that business going forward. What we saw this quarter was pretty special result.
Jade Rahmani : In terms of the reorg, do you think that it is expected to drive increased coordination between key producers at the business line level? Should we expect teams of investment sales, mortgage brokers and leasing producers to go in on deals together? Is that going to be a big initiative?
Bob Sulentic : One of the key things that we wanted to get done with that reorganization was to strengthen their line of business side of our matrix, that's the side, where we have our capital markets leadership, our advisory and transaction services, which is our tenant leasing leadership, our valuations leadership, our project management leadership et cetera. The goal of that group is to bring the CBRE enterprise to our clients. And then, of course, we have this client care initiative that helps us get that done as well. We absolutely expect to accelerate our ability to bring the enterprise to solve the needs of our clients under this new organization. That's one of the key goals.
Jade Rahmani : And just turning to the M&A pipeline, where you're seeing the most interesting opportunities, if you could make any characterization by business line. And also, if there were a large scale opportunity, what businesses do you think it would be likely to be in?
Jim Groch : Sure. Well as you might expect, I won't get that specific. And the larger opportunities come along when they're available every few years. The -- and the pipeline on infill remained strong. I mean we're really opportunistic I would say around looking for the -- a very high quality businesses that bring leverage to our platform and that can be, frankly, that can be in any of our lines of business, in pretty much any region in the world. But we've been at a pretty steady pace, the market feels rational, and you've seen us pull out when it's not rational. Right now, I think it's kind of in a good place.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning guys. So you talked a lot about the owners, and you also run your own investment management and development operations. So what's your take on why cap rates haven't meaningfully moved up so far?
Jim Groch : Well, it's not something recent quarters obviously, it's been going on for several years now. I think I'd offer a couple of points. One is that the spreads on cap rate -- the spreads versus say 10 year treasuries or BBB bonds, whatever you want to look at, are generally not far from the midpoint of where those spreads have been historically. And so while we've seen interest rates come up a bit, the spreads have compressed. I think fundamentally at the end of the day, real estate is a reasonably priced asset class as compared to other alternative investments. And the markets, strongly development has been in check, with that you have rational, reasonably the rental increases over time will continue. And I think the increases have been absorbed with some spread compression.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy : Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then your net debt-to-EBITDA 0.8 times at the end of the third quarter, your valuation is at relative lows right now. Are you at a point, where you might start to think about share repurchases or do you still feel like you have better uses of your excess capital?
Jim Groch : Well, we have invested virtually all of our free cash flow over the last few years around M&A. What I'll say though is that we've been in a blackout period since mid-September, had we not been, we would have been buying shares under our existing authorization.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane : Thank you. So CBRE had a couple of high-profile recruits recently. Wanted to touch on how headcount has trended in leasing and capital markets, either year-to-date or what you're targeting for 2018?
Bob Sulentic : Well, David, we've had a really good year for recruiting and our recruiting is tracking ahead of last year and ahead of our expectations for this year and we expect that to continue. What's becoming clear to us as we recruit is that these professionals who want to come to a place where they can do more for their clients and there's just no doubt based on the results we're having that they're seeing that here that our platform, our technology, our consultative tools, our ability to connect to serve clients around the world, it's making it easier and easier for us to bring people on board.
David Ridley-Lane : Great. And then, I know this is a tough one to ask. But within your growth in leasing over the last 12 months, you're clearly growing mid-teens, any way to conceptualize, how much of that is coming from these differentiated offerings, from cross selling occupier outsourcing clients, for example? Or said differently, why do you think the market has been growing over the last year or so? And how much market share you've been taking?
Bob Sulentic : Well, in this quarter we know that I mean we grew probably 10 points faster than the market grew. We know that something like half of the new leasing work we're doing is account-based. We know that account-based work comes because of our platform, because of our capabilities around the world, our ability to bring different products to these clients. So there is just no doubt, it's a differentiator in attracting clients. It's also a differentiator you know, and answer to your first question, in attracting talent, which of course, then you circle back and because of that talent, you attract more clients. So I think it's all working together. Our occupier business is really strong. Our outsourcing business, and our advisory and transaction service, tenant leasing business are really strong and it's all working really well together.
David Ridley-Lane : Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Sulentic for any closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic : Thanks everyone for being with us, and we'll talk to you in about 90 days when we report our year end results.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Bob Sulentic - President & CEO Jim Groch - CFO Brad Burke - IR
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - J.P. Morgan Jason Green - Evercore ISI Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Stephen Sheldon - William Blair Jade Rahmani - KBW David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Brad Burke Investor Relations for CBRE. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome to CBRE’s Second Quarter 2018 earnings Conference Call. Earlier today we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on our website CBRE.com. On the Investor Relations page of our website you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, investment levels, and expectations for the financial performance of both our acquisitions and our company overall. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements please refer to our second quarter 2018 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Form 10-K and form 10-Q. During our remarks we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations together with explanations of these measures can be found in the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated.  Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development. Now please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank You Brad. Good morning everyone. We were pleased to have produced another quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. Our results benefited from the diversity and strength of our business and the focus of our people on delivering differentiated outcomes for our clients; the key pillar of our strategy. I'll call out a few of the notable drivers of our performance in the quarter. The first is leasing which realized 18% revenue growth including 19% in the Americas. This growth reflects the gains we are making and attracting talented professionals to CBRE and in leveraging our advisory capabilities such as workplace strategies, labor analytics, and supply chain consulting. Second, occupier outsourcing posted a 20% fee revenue increase. This continuing strong growth is attributable to the secular trend of occupiers increasingly embracing outsourced commercial real estate services and the advancement of CBRE's capabilities. I'd like to also comment on our development services business which grew even by 20%. This is an outstanding business that has delivered over 30% annualized returns for our capital partners in the current business cycle. Further it has generated strong profits that have bolstered our balance sheet and put us in an excellent position to make strategic investments in our business. CBRE continues to make gains through investments in digital and technology capabilities as strategic acquisitions. I'll highlight two of our key investments. The first is CBRE 360 a personalized platform that delivers an enhanced and connected workplace experience. CBRE 360 allows users to navigate the workplace, setup meetings with colleagues, reserve work-spaces, and access concierge services. We have built a secure scalable enterprise-grade app and software platform. Our clients can pick experiences that reflect their individual brand. Since its launch in January CBRE 360 has received strong interest from occupiers who believe workplace experience is central to their ability to attract and retain talent. Interest has been even stronger from property investors who want to develop stickier relationships with their tenants. All of this is very good for CBRE's business. Our first clients went live in the second quarter and we have a large pipeline of prospective client activity. As an example of the fanfare CBRE 360 is generating Microsoft featured a demonstration of the app at its Global Developers Conference last month. Second, our acquisition of facility source addresses a growing segment of the facilities management market. The company serves clients by utilizing a proprietary technology platform with 13 years of data, a 24/7 operations center, and a network of more than 25,000 certified service providers. It is particularly effective for managing large numbers of geographically dispersed assets such as retail stores and bank branches. Our clients love this capability; facilities source is performing above our expectations in its first 45 days and it exceeded its second quarter sales target. Before I conclude I'll comment further on our financial results for the quarter. While we had strong revenue and earnings growth we also experienced negative operating leverage in our combined regional services business. That is expenses grew faster than revenues. We pay close attention to this metric and our target is to generate neutral to positive operating leverage over time. However, in the second quarter strong revenue growth and occupier outsourcing and a decline in high margin property sales in EMEA and Asia-Pacific versus exceptional growth in the prior year weighed on margins. More significantly, as we indicated at the beginning of the year we are making incremental investments in our business to support future growth, streamline operations, and share some of the benefits of tax reform with our people through an enhanced 401K match, higher merit salary increases for rank-and-file employees and other actions. We do not expect to increase the current level of run rate investment for the foreseeable future and therefore, do not expect these incremental investments to put negative pressure on operating leverage in our combined regional services business in 2009. CBRE has realized strong earnings growth year-to-date and we continue to see positive momentum across our business. We are therefore increasing our outlook for full year 2018 adjusted EPS to a range of $3.10 to $3.20 reflecting 15% growth over 2017 at the midpoint. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim who will discuss the second quarter in more detail.
Jim Groch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 5 for a discussion of our financial performance. Fee revenue increased 15% in U.S. dollars and 12% in local currency driven by strong organic growth with M&A contributing 2% growth in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA rose 5% and adjusted EPS grew by 10% both in USD. Results in the quarter benefited from lower interest expense and a lower tax rate partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense. These items in total had a $0.03 positive impact to adjusted earnings in Q2. Besides the facility source acquisition which Bob described, we completed two other infill M&A deals in the quarter and one more in July. Our M&A pipeline remains healthy. In our regional services businesses fee revenue growth of 13% outpaced adjusted EBITDA growth of 4%. Adjusted EBITDA in EMEA and Asia-Pacific declined by a total of 5.5 million the decline in EMEA was primarily driven by two items. First, the decline in UK property sales against a 69% increase in the prior year and second 5.5 million of incremental investments which include the consolidation of three ERP systems. In Asia-Pacific profitability was impacted first by decline in property sales down 14% against a 45% percent increase in the prior year and second a negative $4 million mark-to-market of inter-company loans due to FX volatility. Even with these drags on profits and EMEA in Asia-Pacific adjusted EBITDA for the combined regional services businesses would have increased 13% in local currency absent the incremental investments. Please turn to Slide 6, which at the bottom of the page highlights our revenue growth by line of business for Q2. Leasing revenue rose 18% globally and 19% in the Americas. Growth in the Americas is attributable to larger transactions, continued recruiting and an easier compared against a challenging second quarter in the prior year. We also benefited from market share gains in the quarter and an approximate 3% lift from M&A. Our Americas leasing business has strong momentum but comparisons become more challenging in the second half of the year which achieved mid-teens growth in the prior year. Commercial mortgage origination grew 15% driven by strong activity from banks and government agencies as well as market share gains. Recurring revenue from loan servicing increased 10% and we continue to expect mid-teens revenue growth for the full-year. Property management grew fee revenue 9% supported by the growth of our fund administration business. Global property sales revenue dipped 2% against the difficult comparison particularly in EMEA and Asia-Pacific both of which saw revenue surged more than 40% in Q2 of the prior year. Slide 7 highlights our occupier outsourcing business. Fee revenue increased 20% reflecting very strong momentum in the business and our pipeline remains robust. Bob mentioned that facility source is materially strengthened our ability to provide solutions to a large group of our clients. This is a very high-growth, technology driven offerings and we will back it with the aggressive early investment a business of this nature deserves.  Facility source had 2017 revenues of approximately $150 million and we are targeting 2018 year-end run rate revenue approaching $270 million. We will invest to achieve a high rate of growth in this business over the next few years. We expect to approximately break-even in 2018, achieve modest earnings in 2019 and 50 million of annual EBITDA within four to five years as we invest to bring this business up to its full potential. Slide 8 summarizes the results for our global investment management segment. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $16 million. The prior year compare benefited from $7 million of carried interest revenue versus almost no carried interest being realized in the current quarter. Additionally, we incurred approximately $5 million of employee related costs recognized due to a legacy contractual obligation which reduced our adjusted EBITDA. We continue to attract significant investment capital with new equity commitments totaling $9.1 billion for the 12 months ending Q2. Assets under management rose $700 million during the quarter in local currency. However, the stronger dollar caused AUM to decline by 2.5 billion in U.S. dollars to 101.7 billion. As a reminder more than half of our AUM is denominated in Euro and pounds. Slide 9 summarizes the results for our development services segment. Our strong results for the quarter were driven by several large asset sales. Our combined in process and pipeline portfolio reached a record 11.9 billion. Projects in process increased by approximately 300 million in the quarter and the pipeline declined by approximately 200 million reflecting the continued conversion of pipeline activity to in process. Before I return the call back to Bob I'd like to highlight that this quarter represents the three year anniversary of investment sales volumes peaking in the United States. U.S. volumes are down approximately 6% on a trailing year basis since that peak according to real capital analytics. Despite the softness in U.S. investment sales CBRE's adjusted EBITDA has grown more than 40% over this same period. This growth speaks to the strength of our globally diversified business. Now please turn to slide 11 as I turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Jim. We begin the second half of the year with positive momentum across our business. The macro environment remains favorable with solid economic growth. While we are mindful of potential risks on the horizon particularly from heightened trade tensions we have thus far seen no discernible impact to our business. As I mentioned earlier, we are raising our outlook for full year 2018 adjusted EPS to a range of $3.10 to $3.20 up from $3 to $3.15. This represents a 15% increase over 2017 at the midpoint and would result in our ninth consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. We have raised guidance despite unfavorable shifts in currency since the beginning of the year. Absent, adverse movements, and currency the midpoint of our updated guidance would have been approximately $0.08 to $0.10 higher. In closing our people around the world have never been more energized. They are embracing our strategy and increasingly working together across business lines and geographic boundaries to produce exceptional outcomes for our clients. This is the key to our future and we are very excited about it. With that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Anthony Paolone from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now live.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks and good morning. My first question is on the margins and just make sure I understand some of the commentary around the drag there. So if I look at your incremental margins in 2Q versus a year ago was about 10% or 11% in the regions excluding the principal businesses. So is that kind of roughly what you expect over the balance this year until you anniversary these costs in ‘19?
Jim Groch: Hey Anthony, it's Jim. I wouldn't get quite that specific as to the second quarter. What I would say is big picture we gave guidance for the year of 17.5%. We have some modest headwinds to that facility source is a little bit of a headwind. The very strong growth in the outsourcing business is a little bit of a headwind when it comes to mix but despite that I think that guidance is still achievable.
Anthony Paolone: But in terms of thinking about some of the cost you mentioned sharing some of the tax savings and just investing in the organization like is that tens of millions of dollars item that just kind of flat-lines when you look ahead or what's the order magnitude that you guys are seeing on that front?
Jim Groch: When we gave our guidance at the beginning of year we spoke about that quite a bit and it's certainly in the tens of millions on any given quarter as you go through the year and it's reasonably flat-lined but if you look at the more you know if you look at where the pressure was this quarter it was quite specifically in EMEA and Asia-Pacific and in both cases around a couple of fairly specific things that were going on. I think I mentioned Asia-Pac and EMEA declined in total by about $5.5 million from an EBITDA standpoint and EMEA that was really driven by a big swing in the UK where sales revenues went from up roughly 70% in Q2 of last year to down about 14% and this quarter so big swing there and then we had about $5.5 million of incremental investments along the lines that you're just asking about and the biggest project in EMEA right now is we are taking three existing ERP systems and upgrading and moving all of that into one new system. In Asia-Pacific the big driver was again a big swing in sales versus a tough compare from the prior year. So Asia-Pacific coincidentally was also down 14%. That's against increase in the prior year of about 45% and then we had a couple of other items that they're a little more unusual. We had a mark-to-market of a couple of loans in Asia-Pacific it was about a $4 million hit. We had $1 million total deal costs on the infill acquisition. As you know we don't normalize deal costs unless we have a very large transaction typically. So on the infill M&A we don't normalize deal costs. We're also not normalizing any of the types of projects that I just mentioned.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks for that color. On the leasing side you mentioned some of the things specific to CBRE that drove the strong result. I think a couple of your peers have put out some leasing numbers for the second quarter but some of those were strong too. Can you talk about just kind of what you're seeing more broadly there because it seems to have been a business alignment cycle that's been a little more touch-and-go in terms of the underlying strength. Is anything changing?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony a couple things are going on with us and then a couple things are going on in the market. First of all we have introduced two or three years ago what we call our advisory and transaction services. This is a set of capabilities that are centrally led by one of our most experienced people to connect our big outsourcing clients with our local brokers who do transactional work and support both with a bunch of advisory capabilities like workplace, solutions, labor analytics, government incentives. We are getting a lot of traction with that initiative. We are landing a lot of count based work as a result of that initiative. We believe it allows us to do things for our clients that are really not easily duplicated in the marketplace. Secondly all the stuff that you're seeing that's driving this co-working and experience dynamic is helping our business. Occupiers all over the world and particularly in the big markets around the world are really focused on creating experiences for their employees because they need this central to attracting and retaining employees. This is creating a lot of change in the way space is used. When there's change in the way spaces is used there's real opportunity for us to do new leases for our clients. By the way, our competitors have that same opportunity and companies like we work have that same opportunity. There's opportunity to do leases.  There's opportunity to advise them. There's opportunity to change the space they are in now which leads to property management work. All of that has been unique to this cycle and a real driver for our business in the cycle. If you go back to that statistic Jim gave about when the capital markets peak three years ago and all the growth we've had since then, well that's not typical of what you saw in prior cycles but you're seeing that now because there's so much going on in our sector and in our company that's allowing us to grow independent of what's going on in the capital markets.
Anthony Paolone: And so is that is that kind of so when we read about we were offering up there look and feel and what they do to occupiers is that effectively what you're talking about that you all are doing for the clients as well and would that come - how does that come in through leasing versus say like project management or outsourcing revenues?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it comes in through all of them. It comes in through all three of those areas and I would tell you that the dynamics there helping drive we work and that their strategy addresses or helping drive our business. Keep in mind we manage space with about 9 million people in it right. All of the co-working memberships around the world by all of the companies that do co-working don't add up to anything close to that. So what are we doing with that 9 million people worth of occupancy? We're doing all kinds of alternative space for them. We're doing all kinds of experience work for them. We've got this new CBRE 360 solution that we're offering for those occupiers that's got real excitement from our clients. By the way, it's got real excitement from landlords to that need that kind of capability to attract clients. So again what does that mean? That means more work for outsourcing people. That means more work for our leasing people. It means lots more work for our project management people that do move as changes, construct new space, change the way space is configured. It's about experience for occupiers and it's about a different way to use space and all that creates opportunity for us but it creates opportunity in the market for others as well.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then last question on facility source. Why wasn't the business profitable or why isn't the business profitable day one and what precisely do you need to do to make it profitable like what wasn't happening?
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all that is a big-big growth business right. Jim gave the numbers; $150 million of revenue last year. It's going to push double that this year. We are treating it like a super high growth technology oriented business because that's exactly what it is. What do you do with the business like that? You invest heavily in upfront to make sure that it works extremely well for your clients and that it's positioned for growth. We bought that business for that reason. We have a large base of clients that find that capability to be attractive and find that capability something that was lacking in the marketplace for a long period of time. So we've very explicitly adopted a strategy around that business to invest aggressively in it to grow it rapidly to make sure that it's exceptional and very differentiated in the market and as a result we don't expect a lot of profitability in the short run but a few years out we think that business that we bought for 300 million bucks is going to be a $50 million EBITDA business and growing rapidly from there and what doesn't show up in that $50 million of EBITDA is all the help that gives us in growing other parts of our outsourcing business.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Green from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Jason Green: Good morning. Just on the occupier outsourcing front. It seems like EMEA led the group with the U.S. coming in last although still kind of strong growth. So I was wondering as we think about going forward which markets is there the most share to be gained and are any of these markets starting to get pressured in terms of too many entrants or too many kind of real estate companies utilizing these services?
Bob Sulentic: Jason there's a lot of growth opportunity in all the regions around the world. There's some unique things going on in EMEA. So let's compare it to what was going on in Americas a decade ago or even longer. When you go back that far in the Americas what you saw was a business that was rapidly gaining in terms of acceptance by the occupiers in the marketplace. There were a lot more people coming into the market because of prior experiences that understood how to deal with outsourcing. Our capabilities were growing. You're seeing that exact dynamic it’s unfold now in EMEA. It's becoming a much more accepted practice and the confluence of circumstances there really favors what we're doing. It's becoming a much more accepted practice at a time that we become much better because we've now fully integrated or nearly fully integrated the GWS acquisition. We've got the Norland acquisition. We've got a bunch of capability on the ground that matches up very well with what's going on there and those - and that group of circumstances is leading to disproportion of growth over there for us. We think that's going to continue. We've got some vertical capability like life sciences and manufacturing that we didn't have before positions us really well for growth but we're seeing great growth around the world. We have the biggest pipeline of opportunities that we've ever had by a significant margin. So you should expect to see growth in each of the three regions in our outsourcing business.
Jason Green: And when we think about that pipeline that you talked about is that the visibility in that pipeline is that six months or 12 months or even 18 months kind of thinking out how clearly you can see some of that revenue coming in?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's all 3, 6, 12 and 18 it's we usually think of it in terms of what's out there for the rest of this year and then early into next year as you get deeper into this year but those are long term -- that's a long term sales cycle business because it's so big and so complex and some of the things we are working on are a year-plus out in the future.
Jason Green: Got it and then just one last question as occupier outsourcing is becoming more accepted has the size of the deals changed, are they you know much larger now than they were last year, the year before?
Bob Sulentic: Size of the deals is growing. The complexity of the deals is growing. Our ability to do things for occupiers has grown dramatically. Facility sources a good example of that. The A&T advisory and transaction services tenant rep type work we do for them is a big example of that. The verticals that we operate in that I mentioned are a big example of that. So what's happening at a time that the market is expanding dramatically our capabilities to do unique service for these clients. By the way, that CBRE 360 is very attractive to those outsourcing clients. So again there's a lot of things going on that are driving that growth. Some have to do with the market. Some have to do with our offering.
Jason Green: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mitch Germain from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Mitch Germain: Thank you. Bob maybe just a little more on the investment in facility source. Is it integration into your existing platform? Is it advancing the technology further? Maybe if you can just elaborate what sort of investment you guys are planning there.
Bob Sulentic: We're making technology advancements. We're bringing people on obviously that just to have a business that grows that rapidly you need to bring people on. It's getting our current clients to adopt it and make sure that we're completely nailing it in terms of execution. One of the things that we believed when we bought that business we believe deeply was that we could do more with it than they could do themselves or that anybody else in the market could do with it. Part of that is this technology team we've built now under Chandra Dhandapani. So we're going to take that technology they have. We're going to improve that technology. So it's a little bit of all those things.
Mitch Germain: And this was the capability that is brand-new to CBRE or is there is something that you were developing on your end that may have been competitive?
Bob Sulentic: It's a capability that we had a little bit of but this takes us to a whole new place dramatically beyond where we were before and it's something that we've been trying to get for years.
Mitch Germain: Excellent. That's helpful. I know that you guys talked about some tough comps in Asia anniversary sales but I know you referenced the UK specifically and I'm curious because obviously there's news coming out of there with regards to Brexit and as they have created any hesitation in the market again as a result of some of these discussions?
Bob Sulentic: Well, the Brexit situation has been ebbing and flowing for two years now. I mean when you go back to the summer of ‘16 when that thing unfolded we went through a really really tough period. Then it settled down and it got better and it's kind of come and gone since then. We're going through a period now with uncertainty around Brexit and our people that run the UK watch it obviously what they obsess over it and they think it's probably going to put pressure on our business for the remainder of this year but everything we talked about in terms of guidance, in terms of our expectation for our performance for the rest of the year bakes that in.
Mitch Germain: Great. And then my last question I'm just curious about some of the ins and outs on guidance. It seems like development possibly running a bit further ahead just curious about the revised outlook has anything changed relative to where your original assumptions rested?
Jim Groch: So we gave guidance on capital markets leasing outsourcing and our investment businesses at the beginning of the year and we now expect to exceed that guidance for the full year for each of those businesses and that's what's reflected in our updated guidance.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stephen Sheldon from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Stephen Sheldon: Yes. Hi, good morning. First I was hoping you could provide some more color on the impact of acquisitions that you've embedded into guidance for the full year? It looks like they've been a boost of about 2% points to revenue growth over the last two quarters. So I guess what level of impact would you expect from acquisitions in the second half of the year now including facility source and the smaller acquisitions and is any of the EPS guidance increase related to acquisitions I think you talk facility sources are going to be break even. So guessing that didn't impact it much but just any color there?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Fairly modest I mean we've had some relatively steady positive impact over the last couple of years with infill but you know like the 2% that you've seen from year-to-date it's likely to be in that range. As we said facility source will be a headwind to margin plus or minus neutral impact to EBITDA and we're continuing to maybe to run on average a new acquisition a month but they tend to be smaller infill acquisitions. So nothing significant expected to come from the M&A activity outside of our normal activity.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay. That's helpful and then on facility source you talked about that business outperforming your expectations so far and beating its own I think internal sales forecast. So I guess what do you attribute that to and has the business already started to benefit from kind of cross selling into your existing customer bases?
Bob Sulentic: We attributed to a couple things. Number one what's unfolding in the marketplace is what we thought would unfold. That's a service that still a lot of people want that hasn't been that available in the past and when you bring that service on to the CBRE platform and you have our marketing/salespeople helping drive the growth of that business you start to get a dynamic like this. When you start to roll it out across our existing client base think of the clients we have that have dispersed facilities, small dispersed facilities around the U.S. a lot of opportunity and so you have those things combined creating growth that's a little better than they expected or we expected and we're really enthused by it but we really again I'm going to repeat what Jim said and what I said but we're really-really attentive to the fact that we're going to invest into that thing so that it can take on that level of business and do a great job with it.
Stephen Sheldon: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is now live.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. Just on development services the Trammell Crow business, could you give some comments around the geographic mix of projects and also if any of the increase in building materials inflation that we're seeing such as steel and lumber could impact negatively the outlook for that business?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade that business is spread around approximately 16 major markets in the U.S. They're the gateway markets you would expect us to be in obviously Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, all doing quite well for us now. We have a big presence in Texas. We have a presence on the East Coast in New Jersey and Philadelphia, presence in Atlanta, Chicago, Denver and what we're seeing is a building pipeline in that business. Well building combined pipeline and in process because the track record of our people has been so good in this cycle. As I mentioned we generated on an aggregate basis for all of the third party capital and as you know the vast majority of the capital we use to develop with this third party in excess of 30% returns in this cycle and as a result we've got a lot of capital that wants to work with us. We've got a very experienced team that can find new opportunities and we expect to see performance that extends in a way we haven't been able to extend it in past cycles and the projects we're doing are much more core oriented than we've been before. Will we experience pressure from materials and construction costs? That's already happened but at the same time cap rates have come down. So we're not expecting that dynamic to be particularly punishing from here going forward but we do watch it closely.
Jade Rahmani: And the returns on CBRE's co-investment I assume are significantly above the 30% because of performance in [indiscernible]?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we get the same returns that our investor clients get but then of course we get big participation in those deals and that's what's driven the numbers that you've seen over the past few years; the EBITDA numbers you've seen. We've got a total equity investment in that business of $150 million or less and so if you look at all the EBITDA we generated in that business if you were to tribute that all to that co-investment the returns would be absurdly high but we don't necessarily think of it that way.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of the building pipeline is it mainly weighted toward industrial or is it spread across the property types that's obviously been big factor this cycle.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, it's pretty evenly spread. The biggest is residential; a little over 30%. Then office just slightly behind residential and industrial about 24%. We do a little bit of healthcare. So it's pretty evenly spread among the products.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. In terms of the investment sales environment are you seeing consistency in the market, a pickup in major markets? How would you characterize it? And also just could you comment on the number of bidders on average versus say a year ago?
Jim Groch: Yes. I would say it's big picture and particularly if you're talking about the Americas it's a healthy, stable kind of market even the peak that I referenced earlier three years ago the decline over the three-year period on volumes been about 6% obviously it can feel quite lumpy quarter to quarter and we felt that in particular in this quarter EMEA and Asia-Pacific but overall this quarter for us was down 2% in sales volume and we're seeing pretty solid activity. There's a little bit of anxiety that kind of comes in from time to time as the ten year moves around and touches 3% but that in the end doesn't seem to -- hasn't seem to have had much impact and when there is an impact it seems to be relatively mild and relatively short. And then overall I would say there's just -- there's as much or more dry powder targeting commercial real estate at this time than at any time that we can remember. So it feels like pretty healthy dynamics. One other point I would make is that lenders are careful and that's also a very positive dynamic to have that in play at a time when there's so much liquidity in the market.
Jade Rahmani: Turning to margins. Can you indicate if adjusted EBITDA margins and outsourcing and leasing were higher than a year ago?
Bob Sulentic: They've been relatively stable but for some investments specific to any business and any given region that the types of investments they roll off so overall relatively stable.
Jade Rahmani: And lastly on the recruiting environment, we've seen a lot of the smaller competitors make aggressive hires and they're also at the same time as a trend or at least it appears to us that there's a trend of brokers choosing to go independent to form new teams. Could you just comment on the recruiting environment? What do you think is driving those two factors?
Bob Sulentic: Well, Jade I think the overwhelming trend is for brokers to want to be with the prominent global companies and we've continued to have very-very strong recruiting. It's driving our results or at least impacting our results in a significant way and the fact of matter is when a broker comes to CBRE they have a global network. They have a brand. They have technology. They have a base of clients. They have a set of advisory capabilities that they can be supported by that they just can't get elsewhere. That allows them to do more business. That allows them to earn more money and that puts us in a position to recruit brokers far more effectively than others in the market can do it and retain brokers far more effectively and cost-effectively specifically than others can and it's showing up in our recruiting results and has for several years running and that has sustained into this year.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now live.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. So yes heard a review of technology expenditures at the analyst day. Could you sort of help us give some color around the bill versus buy versus partner decision that you went through on facility source?
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Facility source had a capability and a set of clients and in particular a set of vendors that we thought would be extraordinarily hard to build in any compressed period of time. Certainly in a period of time that would be adequate for us to serve our clients and our prospective clients the way we wanted to. As a result and we that very question David we went over and over and over with our management team with our board, our outsourcing and facilities management people considered it in depth and at [indiscernible] I'd say and we concluded that building that business was far-far behind buying it as an opportunity for us. We also believed as I said in my earlier comments that we could acquire that business and in combination with the capabilities we have particularly our technology team, particularly our marketing team, particularly our base of existing clients could do meaningfully more with that business than they could do with it themselves. I believe that they believed that and that's why you're seeing what you're seeing with regard to these growth numbers that are exceeding their expectations and exceeding our expectations for them.
David Ridley-Lane: And I guess curious how you've seen win rates for new deals in the outsourcing space trend over the last 12 to 24 months.
Jim Groch: Yes. I guess the data point I would give you is that we typically talk about averaging about 50% of our growth from existing clients and 50% from new clients in this quarter about 75% percent of our growth came from new clients. So I just -- it feels that the integration of the businesses that we've acquired are completed and the set of capabilities we have put together is accelerating the growth rate in the business.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. Now last one from me on the 17.5% margin [indiscernible] for the year, it does imply that the margins in the second half would be flattening out. Is that a function of lower investment spending or are you what else would be helpful to seems flatter margins in the back half?
Jim Groch: I mean it's as we roll up all of our forecasts where we're coming to for the year in combination of a lot of different factors but part of it is obviously the Q4 is our largest quarter and that's helpful but it's simply a roll up of all of our forecasts across the world for all of our lines of business.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
Jim Groch: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you my next question is a follow-up from Mitch Germain from JMP Securities. Your line is now live.
Mitch Germain: Thanks. Just any updated thoughts on capital allocation?
Jim Groch: Mitch, we gave quite a bit more information than we have in the past at our Investor day. Nothing updated from that point but just to kind of reiterate what we said then is that we are -- we target 1 to 2 times net debt to EBITDA over the long term. We are comfortable with a lower level of leverage as we get later in a business cycle. We're equally comfortable with a higher level of leverage when we're in a downturn in the early years coming out of a downturn to take advantage of the opportunities there. So we are running on a more conservative side as we're later in an extended business cycle.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us and we look forward to talking to you at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brad Burke - IR Bob Sulentic - President & CEO Jim Groch - CFO & Head, Corporate Development
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - J.P. Morgan Jason Green - Evercore ISI Stephen Sheldon - William Blair Nick Yulico - UBS Ryan Tomasello - KBW Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Brad Burke with Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on our Web site, cbre.com. On the Investor Relations page of our Web site, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our first quarter 2018 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Annual Report furnished on Form 10-K. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency, unless otherwise stated. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development. Now please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. CBRE had an excellent start to 2018 with double-digit growth in revenue and a 20% increase in adjusted earnings per share. The strong sustained growth you’ve seen from CBRE, results from the execution of our strategy which is centered on delivering differentiated client outcomes around the world as well as the attractiveness of our sector. I will briefly hit a few highlights from the first quarter. First, occupier outsourcing was once again a standout performer with fee revenue up by double digits in all three global regions. The secular trend to outsource real estate services remains a powerful long-term catalyst for growth and CBRE is the clear market leader in commercial real estate outsourcing. Second, capital markets revenue also grew by double digits as we benefited from ongoing share gains in key markets globally and continued strong investor interest in commercial real estate. Finally, our Asia-Pacific business had a particularly strong quarter on both the top and bottom lines led by leasing and occupier outsourcing. We’ve seen outstanding performance over the past few years in several countries, notably Greater China, India, and Japan. While we caution against extrapolating first quarter results, we're tracking slightly ahead of our full-year 2018 guidance. First quarter results were ahead of our expectations across revenue, margins, and earnings and we continue to see solid momentum in our business. As most of you know, the first quarter is seasonally our slowest of the year and we will provide further commentary next quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Jim Groch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 5 for a discussion of our financial performance. Fee revenue increased 18% in U.S dollars and 13% in local currency, driven by strong organic growth and reflecting positive momentum across our business. M&A contributed 2% to fee revenue growth in the quarter. Adjusted EPS of $0.54 represents a 20% increase over Q1 of last year in line with our expectation of achieving double-digit adjusted EPS growth in 2018 for a ninth consecutive year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue for Q1 was 15.3%, below the prior year, but as Bob noted, slightly above our expectations. Last quarter we noted the increased level of investment plan for 2018, which had a disproportionate impact on Q1 due to the seasonality of our revenue. We also achieved higher growth rates in our contractual and overseas businesses as compared to our higher-margin U.S transaction business. Our EMEA segment was negatively impacted by a $6 million adjustment to the value of a legacy defined-benefit plan. Absent this charge, adjusted EBITDA in our EMEA segment would have grown by 6% in local currency and 21% in U.S dollars over the prior year. Shifting from EBITDA margins to profit margins, for the full-year and with the benefit of a reduced tax rate, we continue to expect our adjusted net income margin on fee revenue to reach a record 10%. Our strong and flexible balance sheet was recognized by Moody's and S&P, as both further upgraded our existing investment-grade corporate credit rating in the last two months. CBRE's low leverage and nearly $3 billion of liquidity are strategic assets that position us well for the future. M&A activity continues at a steady pace. Since the start of the year, we acquired our long time affiliate in Israel and a boutique retail specialist in Australia, and we continue to have a healthy pipeline of M&A activity. Please turn to Slide 6, which at the bottom of the page highlights our revenue growth by line of business for Q1. In the first quarter, we continued to benefit from recruiting gains made in our capital markets and leasing businesses and our recruiting efforts in 2018 are running ahead of the pace set last year. Capital markets, which includes property sales and commercial mortgage origination, achieved very strong combined revenue growth of 14%. Our capital markets professionals are continuing to see significant global capital looking to be invested in commercial real estate. We continue to gain market share in property sales which increased 11% globally led by the Americas with 14% growth. According to Real Capital Analytics, our market share increased by over a 100 basis points to 14.9%. Sales growth of 8% in Asia PAC was driven largely by Japan. In EMEA, growth of 3% in sales was led by Germany, which more than offset a soft start to the year in the U.K. Increased sales in EMEA are on top of a 16% growth achieved in Q1 of 2017. Commercial mortgage origination increased 26%, reflecting our brisk growth with both government agencies and private sector lenders. Strong commercial mortgage origination supported the continued growth of our now $184 billion loan servicing portfolio. Recurring revenues from loan servicing increased 14% from the prior year. Leasing revenue rose 5% with notable strength in international markets. EMEA growth of 19% reflects overall healthy market conditions as well as our success in recruiting producers. Americas leasing revenue was up 1% as we close fewer large deals in the quarter than in the prior year. Market fundamentals and our leasing pipeline remain strong. The leasing results can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Property management fee revenue increased by 13% supported in part by continued strong growth in our investment fund administration business, which we described at our Investor Day. Slide 7 highlights our occupier outsourcing business. As Bob mentioned, this business once again achieved robust fee revenue growth, up globally 26% in U.S dollars and 18% in local currency with approximately 5% attributable to acquisitions made in 2017. Growth was broad-based across our three regions and reflects both expansions with existing clients and new client wins. Demand remain strong in our outsourcing pipeline as once again hit an all-time high. Tetra Pak, a Switzerland-based food processing and packaging company is an example of a new client win. It did not previously outsourced commercial real estate services, but were motivated by the opportunity to reduce costs and improve the utilization of real estate. For Tetra Pak, we're providing a full suite of services, including facility management, project management, transaction management, and real estate strategy consulting. A key factor in winning this assignment is our ability to combine all these services cross-country spanning North America, Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and Asia. We offer our clients an unmatched depth of capability across our global platform. The Tetra Pak win is another illustration of the growing appetite for outsourced commercial real estate services and CBRE's advantaged competitive position. Slide 8 summarizes the results for our Global Investment Management segment. This business continues to show improved performance reflecting our focus on offering fewer more strategic investment strategies and on streamlining costs. In Q1, growth of 30% in fee revenue and 8% in adjusted EBITDA was largely driven by increased asset management fees and by the carried interest we earned for exceeding return hurtles within our value-added funds. Growth in carried interest offset quarterly marks-to-market in our public equity co-investments, which were largely affected by broad weakness in public market REIT and infrastructure markets. Our investment performance has been strong and we continue to attract investment capital with new equity commitments totaling $9.6 billion for the 12 months ending Q1. Assets under management increased by $1 billion from the fourth quarter as favorable shifts in FX more than offset the decline in our public securities funds. Slide 9 summarizes the results for our Development Services segment. This business continues to perform well, realizing $21 million of EBITDA in Q1, up substantially from last year, which was a light quarter for sales activity. Timing of asset sales in our development business as always can vary a great deal quarter-to-quarter. Our in-process development portfolio increased by $900 million during the quarter to a record $7.7 billion as a large number of pipeline deals converted to in-process activity. Pipeline activity also increased by $300 million from year-end 2017. The fundamentals in our development business are healthy and cap rates for completed development projects remain stable. This business continues to generate very attractive risk-adjusted returns for our equity partners and deliver excellent results for CBRE shareholders. Please turn to Slide 10 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. As we look ahead, the macro environment continues to provide a supportive backdrop for our business. Global economic growth and job creation, the two most important macro drivers of demand in our sector remained healthy. While we are mindful of heightened trade and geopolitical tensions, they have not appreciably impacted our business and sentiment around the world remains upbeat. Higher interest rates have not resulted in any meaningful cap rate expansion as the spreads over treasuries remain relatively attractive. As I said at the outset, the investment market is also being supported by significant institutional capital interest in commercial real estate. This is an ongoing trend that our professionals are observing in markets around the world. CBRE continues to benefit from the strong secular trends to support our industry. These trends include growing occupier appetite for outsourced real estate services, increasing institutional capital allocation to the commercial real estate asset class, and the continued consolidation in our sector around the leading global service providers. We have a strategy which we described in detail at our Investor Day aimed squarely at making the most of these macro trends. We are sustaining progress on many fronts from commercially focused digital technology investments to client care initiatives to enhancing our talent base and better connecting our people around the world. The successful execution of our strategy will ensure that we continue to produce outcomes for our clients that others find difficult to replicate. I'll close by thanking our people for getting CBRE off to an excellent start in 2018 and for their tireless dedication to our clients. With that, operator, we will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Nice quarter. You didn’t changed guidance, but you mentioned in the release running a little bit ahead at this point. If we look back at the brackets you’ve put on the business lines last quarter when you put out guidance, which one of those or perhaps all of them are more than one is kind of most running ahead?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, well, clearly what you saw in capital markets from us in the first quarter is running ahead of what we talked about at year-end. And we did take market share, we did have a really good quarter, but that’s a lumpy business and it was only the first quarter, so we don't want to get out to ahead of ourselves and extrapolate across the year. We are enthused about what happened. Our team did a good job and the market is solid. Our outsourcing business grew kind of like we said it would. That business has gotten much better over the last couple of years. We're delivering measurably better outcomes to our clients, we are better connected around the world. We have more capability than we've had historically in a number of verticals. We've embedded some technology in that business that works very well for our clients and we had high expectations and we probably saw something that was a little better than we expected in the quarter. If you look at leasing, we expected mid single-digit leasing growth for the year and that's what we got in the first quarter. Property management grew nicely. So, on balance, little better than we thought things would go, but it was only the first quarter.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Got you. And then, on the leasing side, again I know it's just a quarter, but can you talk about just any sense of behavior on the corporate side for incremental space, given the tax form that’s going through? Even in the Americas, I think that was only up a couple percent in the quarters. So just wondering how you’re thinking about that business line in the region?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, we stay really close to the big corporates around the world and across the U.S. So we have a good sense of what's going on. Corporations are in good shape. If you look at what they're saying, they expect to spend more money this year, put out more capital this year, they’re adding jobs, revenues are expected to grow, balance sheets are in great shape. So corporations are positive. But corporations are also very focused on costs as we are. And as a result, their appetite for leasing is not frothy, but its solid. So we saw 5% growth around the world, 1% growth here in the U.S. Keep in mind, we saw well into the double-digit growth just 90 days ago in our biggest quarter, in the fourth quarter. And our expectations for leasing here in the U.S and around the world are very much as they were when we announced our year-end results.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just last question for me. Can you give us some updated thoughts on the acquisition environment and what you are seeing on that front?
Jim Groch: Yes, Tony. This is Jim. I think we're seeing a pretty consistent balanced environment. We’ve got a solid pipeline and I think we’re continuing to see this year what we saw last year, we are generally doing an infill acquisition a month plus or minus and that remains to -- that remains as it was last year, pretty solid.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So nothing to expect at this point in terms of like outsized capital spent on M&A from what you can tell?
Jim Groch: Yes, obviously that’s an area we can never really comment on. And as you know, we're always quite attentive to the larger opportunities, but the right ones come long when they do and that tends to be quite intermittent over time.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, great. Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Green with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Green, your line is open for questions.
Jason Green: Good morning. It looks like U.S. sales were up 14%, looking at the RCA data, it didn't look fantastic, I guess. Is that really attributed to market share growth or are those kind of RCA statistics not necessarily representative of the markets that you guys are playing in?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think it was real market share gain. Again, Jason, it's important to keep in mind, it's only one quarter. We do a bunch of work in the capital markets area that’s not captured in the RCA data and that’s gone quite well for us and we’re confident we took market share in those areas too. But the best public information available that’s independent of any of the providers is RCA, and RCA showed us taking a nice chunk of market share. And I will go back to the comments I made in response to Tony's questions, we believe those market share gains were real but we don't want to overstate anything based just on first quarter results because first quarter is a relatively small quarter and capital markets is a bit of a lumpy business.
Jason Green: Got it. And then just in terms of cap rates kind of staying stable, given the 10-year rate has been rising, and a lot of people have been anticipating some type of rising in cap rates commensurate with the rising in interest rates, is there something that the investor community is missing, whether it would be an abundance of capital on the sidelines or some other factor that's kind of keeping these cap rates steady and will continue to do so moving forward?
Jim Groch: Jason, this is Jim. I would say two things. One, there's quite a bit of capital out there. And, two, from a relative value standpoint as you look at the universe of alternative investments and core investments, our real estate is still reasonably well priced. And if you look at cap rate spreads over time and whatever metric you want to compare to treasuries or the BBB bonds, obviously it varies depending on product type etcetera. But in general, spreads are plus or minus at the midpoint of where they've been over time and that's frankly quite a healthy place to be, and when you compare kind of relative valuations for other asset classes, real estate looks pretty good. And then, I think for that same reason if you look back over the last couple years when you’ve seen 10-year treasuries jump during those periods cap rates have been fairly stable as well.
Jason Green: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stephen Sheldon with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sheldon: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First here, how should we think about the strong growth in occupier outsourcing over the last few quarters? Is there a way to quantify how much of an impact the business you’re seeing from wallet share gains from existing clients compared with maybe new client wins within that business? And are those factors notably different by regions, just any detail there on the growth drivers?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Stephen, we don’t separate that thinking out region to region, because those clients are often global. And in fact, that's what we're looking for is global clients. But if you look at that business over time it is relatively equally driven by expanding what we do with our big existing base of clients and bringing on new clients. It's not precise and it changes from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. What we do know is that the quality of the outcomes we deliver for our clients, the measurable outcomes, there's a sense as to how much we've helped them with their business has a huge impact on renewals and expansions. There's very few of these clients that we do all or most of their real estate work for. There's a large opportunity to expand with them. We have obsessed over knowing those outcomes in improving those outcomes and I can assure you we measurably improved those outcomes as measured by third parties over the last couple of years and that is coming to in our growth rates. Really important to the expansion of that business and of course you’ve got the secular dynamic that we talk about and others talk about all the time with corporations, hospital systems, government entities, schools, deciding to bring on third-party providers to do work that they used to do themselves. And the more we do, the more opportunity for that there's because there's more evidence out in the marketplace as to how well it works for these occupiers.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay. Very helpful. And then, I guess, I think you noted that your producer recruiting is ahead of plan. So I guess is there any detail on where you've been adding either by region or line of business?
Bob Sulentic: We had healthy recruiting around the world and good quarter here, particularly good quarter here in the U.S. We’ve had really strong recruiting in the last three years in Asia-Pacific. And that's one of the reasons why you’ve seen our competitive profile as evidenced by our financial results change so much in Asia-Pacific over the last two or three years. Really strong recruiting in China, particularly on the capital market side, really strong recruiting in India, excellent recruiting starting to surface on the occupier advisory side in Japan, which is something we’ve been working on for a few years, and then steady progress in Pacific, largely Australia.
Stephen Sheldon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just going to the occupier outsourcing business again, if we look at Slide 7 where it talks about the difference in the split between new expansion and renewal contracts in the first quarter it was call it, roughly a third, a third, a third. How should we relate that back to the 18% year-over-year revenue change in that business in the first quarter? I mean, would the split also be similar between that gross split between new expansions renewals based on what's on Page 7? Just trying to understand what's actually driving the growth in that outsourcing business?
Jim Groch: Yes, it's not precise obviously because the size of any particular contracts within that mix can affect how you divide up the overall impact on growth. But I think, Bob, highlighted that the opportunities within our existing base of clients is extremely strong and as a matter of fact we gave some fairly specific data on that at our Investor Day. So if you go back and look at the slides, you can get some pretty good data around that where we loved at kind share of wallet amongst some of our top customers. I would reiterate what Bob said, which is over time we’ve seen roughly split between new and existing clients. And I think that's a fair view of what to expect going forward.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And can you just let us know what's the average step up in renewals?
Jim Groch: We are generally at a 90% plus renewal rate. Is that your question or …?
Nick Yulico: Well, I guess in terms of once if its 90% is, I guess, the retention, what is the actual rate of contract? How much growth do you get on renewal with the new pricing?
Jim Groch: We haven't reported that specifically. Obviously, here the expansions are -- on a renewal, if you have -- sometimes you have renewal and expansion at the same time, that’s common. And we have noted that over time over margins in that business have remained relatively stable. So I think those data points can give you a pretty good feel.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then just last question on -- on the segment, you’re tracking above the full-year guidance in terms of the growth. Right now, I mean, what are factors that would get you to be below expectations this year? How should we think about the risk to not making the guidance in that business line?
Bob Sulentic: Well, the biggest thing we can do to not meet expectations is to not serve our clients well and not deliver good outcomes to our clients. We don't expect that to happen. And as I said earlier, Nick, that's being measured very closely by third parties and the results are very good. So we don't look for a circumstance in that business that would cause us not to perform as we told you. By the way we had a really good first quarter, but we told you at the end of the year, we expected to have a really good year in that business, and it's playing out that way and actually a little better, but early.
Nick Yulico: Thank you, Bob.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tomasello: Good morning. This is actually Ryan on for Jade. Just dovetailing off of the prior rate questions, at the level of further increases in rates that either the short end or the long end of the curve do you think will ultimately start to move cap rates?
Jim Groch: Yes, Ryan. I would say, first, that’s really hard to assess. So, a personal opinion is that there's some emotion around crossing the 3% threshold. I wouldn't be surprised if that takes hold and we cross that and stay there to see a little bit of choppiness, uncertainty in the market actually don't think that that will like -- once that settles out, I don't think it will likely have much of an impact.
Ryan Tomasello: And considering the pickup in large transactions that we’ve seen reported in some major metros by various headlines, particularly in New York, can you say to what extent that, that impacted your market share in the quarter? I believe you guys are on the large healthy [ph] market deal and perhaps you can provide some commentary on how your large transaction business is positioned in these major metros?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, I would just say the deal you’re referencing, so first off, the RCA data doesn't track by side representation. And we represented that Chelsea project, we're representing the buyer, so that data for us is actually not in the RCA numbers. So from that perspective you could say the RCA numbers might understate our market share gain. And similarly we are on some other large transactions were we represent the buy side as well that would not be in that data.
Ryan Tomasello: And overall, are you seeing a pickup across major metros in large transactions in markets like New York?
Bob Sulentic: The large transactions are choppy quarter-to-quarter. You’ve seen us comment on that from time-to-time and that on the margin that can swing a quarter-to-quarter compares. So I think the markets are very healthy and solid. And we had -- there were some large transactions in this quarter, but actually I wouldn’t comment as to that being a trend that we want to project for the year.
Ryan Tomasello: Okay. And just last a quick housekeeping question, can you provide the absolute amount of non-cash MSR gains in the quarter, so that we can better compare your EBITDA results apples to apples versus the peer group?
Jim Groch: Yes, sure. The gains from mortgage servicing rights in the quarter increased by $4 million over the prior year. Amortization increased by $5 million, so net impact on profit of down $1 million. And the total gain for the quarter is $32 million, up $4 million from the prior-year.
Ryan Tomasello: The total MSR gain was $32 million?
Jim Groch: Correct.
Ryan Tomasello: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Thanks for taking my question. In the occupier outsourcing segment, are you seeing a change in contract size? Are they getting bigger?
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, over time the tendency has been for those contracts to get bigger. They get more global, they include more services and as a result they get bigger. And one of the things that our outsourcing people would tell you, if you run around the world and talk to them today is that historically there was always this concern, can anybody really deliver all these different services for us in 60 markets around the world or whatever. And there was skepticism about that. And as time has rolled forward, and as we’ve built this business organically and built it through acquisitions, improved our technology, built our base of brokerage around the world that work with our outsourcing clients, the confidence that we can serve these clients around the world and across product lines has grown. That's just a very definitive trend if you talk to our people. And so you're seeing that now and as a result our contracts are getting bigger. I will give you one metric, it's not all outsourcing, but significant portion of it is outsourcing. And we talked about this on our Investor Day, if you look back five years, we had one client that was $100 million or more. We now have 17. Over that same period of time, we had, I believe, it was 18, that were $25 million or more. We now have 82, that are $25 million or more. So the clear empirical facts are that the clients are getting bigger and a bunch of those big clients are our outsourcing clients.
Mitch Germain: Great. And is there still a -- are customers still using multiple providers, just to kind of hedge or are you seeing more of a consolidation in terms of -- I know in some cases, they’re using you for one and one of your competitors for another or maybe it's by region or by service line. Is that still a trend or is there now kind of a shift to just kind of really consolidate to one?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's a little more complex than that. The clients are consolidating the number of providers they use. But most of the really big corporations are using more than one provider for something, right. They may be using one provider for most of what they do in getting a little bit of it somewhere else. But consolidation is very real and we're very big beneficiary of that trend.
Mitch Germain: Great. Last question for me, Bob, I was looking at a couple of -- on a per region basis, right, some of your revenue growth. What trailed your expectation this quarter? Was it may be leasing in the U.S or investment sales in EMEA, is there something specific that kind of stood out to the negative for you?
Bob Sulentic: U.S leasing was a little slower than we thought it would be. But, again, it was positive and we don't expect that that's a reflection on what's going to happen this year, our expectations for the year are unchanged. Capital markets in the U.K a little slower than we thought that would be. But then the flip side is it -- that was more than offset by the gains in continental Europe, particularly Germany. And so those were the two big things that spike out that were maybe a little less than we had expected they would be.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. I’m curious to get your updated thoughts on flexible workspace providers, particularly in regards to signs that they’re increasingly targeting large corporations as well as moving into the facilities management space and providing some of those services on behalf of property owners?
Bob Sulentic: Patrick, first of all, the co-working or flexible workspace dynamic is very real. We are very big believers in it. And there's two dimensions to it. One is the whole experienced management dimension, and the other is the co-working dimension, where the co-working providers essentially by space wholesale and sells at retail to individuals or smaller uses. On the experience side, which is where our outsourcing clients are. By the way, we manage office space with something like 8 million or 9 million people in it around the world, a couple billion square feet of office space. That experience dynamic has been alive and aggressively active for years. We started converting our spaces to this free office locations, multiple different uses within the space, paperless, wireless, tech enabled years ago and it had a huge impact on employee morale and recruiting and we’ve been doing it for years for our clients. We have a big workplace solutions group that works with our clients around the world. So that part is not new, but it's certainly accelerating and changing. As it relates to the co-working piece, what we know is about 40% of our client -- large clients have 50 people or more using co-working space on some basis. We are helping a lot of those clients, put people in co-working space a little bit of their population because that's good for their overall space use requirement. And we think that’s going to be real and permanent and its going to be a relatively small subset of all the space used, but real. Investors on the other hand are a little bit behind. There's about 25% of investors that think they ultimately need to have co-working space, about 10% of them have it today. There's some concern about the value it has on the buildings they own, but I think investors are getting there, and you’re going to see more and more of it. A lot of entrants into the market. Some of them trying to get into the serving big corporates space, which is what we and JLL and others do and have done forever. We are not seeing a lot in that regard yet, but we're seeing a little bit of it.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. Good morning. Within Americas investment sales, obviously, strong results there. I’m wondering if there were perhaps some slippage from [indiscernible] first quarter and then on the sort of inflection of the transactions, are you seeing a shift to Class B, Class C properties Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, more activity in the sub $50 million assets verses about $50 million? Any color you could give there would be helpful.
Jim Groch: Yes. I don’t think we saw much slippage from Q4 into Q1. So I don't -- I really don't think there was a factor. We are seeing some movement with more focus on Tier 2 markets and sometimes even a little bit of tier share. We’ve been seeing that trend for a while, but I would say we are seeing a little bit more of it today. And then the other factor is -- in that shift is a lot of companies are really looking for the tech talent and we don't quite a bit work on that over time. We’ve got some research reports that you can access and that's part of what's driving some users and capital that’s following those users to some of the smaller, but still quite significant cities.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. And I wanted to circle back to something you spoke about at the Analyst Day. You talked about coming into the year with a $175 million in cost-savings from actions taken in 2016 and 2017. I know this is going to be a tough one to size, but would be -- are there good investments you plan on making in 2018 be below that figure?
Jim Groch: So a couple of things. We actually -- we started that cost saving initiative in '15 and -- so that’s kind of from '15, '16, '17 efforts. And by the way those efforts continue, I mean, it's part of our culture in -- over part of that period we had so much of it going that we called out and some of those expenses is one-time. But we’ve enormous number of projects that are underway on a regular basis, and the expense associated with those projects what we consider to be kind of at this point be part of our normal business. And, yes, the investments are a good bit less than that number.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Well, thank you everyone for being with us and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brad Burke - IR Bob Sulentic - President & CEO Jim Groch - CFO & Head, Corporate Development
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - J.P. Morgan Jason Green - Evercore ISI Greg McGinniss - UBS Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Stephen Sheldon - William Blair David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Weaver - Wedbush Securities Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Brad Burke, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome to CBRE's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on our website, cbre.com. On the Investor Relations page of our website, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter 2017 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with expectations of these measures, can be found within the Appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency, unless otherwise stated. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development. Now please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results capped another excellent year for CBRE, with fee revenue up 9% in local currency and adjusted EPS up 6%. Our performance significantly exceeded the expectations we discussed on our third quarter earnings call. Our fourth quarter growth was led by occupier outsourcing which produced its strongest rate of fee revenue growth since we acquired Global Workplace Solutions over two years ago, and leasing which also posted a double-digit revenue increase. For the year, revenue and earnings reached all-time highs; our full-year adjusted EPS of $2.71 represented an 18% increase over 2016. This makes 2017 our eighth consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings growth, and as I'll discuss in a few minutes, we expect double-digit earnings growth again in 2018. Please turn to Slide 5. We made important strategic gains across the company in 2017. I'll highlight a few. First, our Americas property sales and leasing businesses both meaningfully outperformed the broader market in 2017. These market share gains were driven by focused efforts to build the global capabilities of our capital markets business and to drive the connectivity between our outsourcing and leasing businesses. On Data & Technology, we added significantly to our digital talent base through recruitment and M&A. We have developed and are executing digital roadmaps for each of our lines of business, allowing them to continue introducing commercially focused technologies that are enhancing client outcomes. One example is our recently announced workplace experience service, CBRE 360, which is supported by a variety of digital tools to meet the rapidly rising demand for occupancy strategies that boost employee morale and productivity. Through our client care program, we quantify the quality of the outcomes we're delivering for clients. We're making a big investment in this effort across the globe and it is resulted in measurably higher client satisfaction, most notably, in our Global Occupier Outsourcing and Americas leasing business, and in our EMEA and Asia-Pacific businesses. We believe these efforts are now clearly contributing to our financial results. We also executed a highly targeted M&A strategy with a focus on adding capabilities rather than scale to drive client outcomes. Jim will provide some detail on these efforts. Finally, we added significantly to our talent base, both market-facing producers and leaders who are responsible for driving the business. We had one of our best years ever for producer recruiting adding hundreds of producers globally, net of departures. These gains and others would not be possible without the efforts of our more than 80,000 people around the world. Their determination to deliver great outcomes for our clients helps to drive the kind of robust performance you've seen from CBRE consistently over the past several years. Now, Jim, will take you through some highlights of our financial performance for the year and the quarter.
Jim Groch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to Slide 6. I'd like to highlight a handful of takeaways from our results. Performance for the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations led by occupier outsourcing and leasing. Our occupier outsourcing business achieved 17% growth; our leasing business had an outstanding December, resulting in 11% revenue growth for the quarter. We were pleased with our margins for the quarter and the year in our regional services businesses. The fee revenue margins increasing 28 basis points for the full-year, despite a decline in Q4. The shift in our business mix to more contractual services accelerated in Q4, as we experienced 17% fee revenue growth in our occupier outsourcing business. In Q4, our consolidated fee revenue margin was 19.7%. The margin in our regional services business stood at 18.7%, which despite a decline from an exceptional Q4 2016 remained well above our historical average for the fourth quarter. As Bob mentioned, we increased our pace in M&A activity this year, as more rationale deal terms returned to the market. We acquired 11 companies globally including those operating in investment management, project management, retail advisory, tech-focused brokerage, as well as two real estate software-as-a-service companies. These capabilities enhanced our strategic position and long-term organic growth rate. In 2017, organic fee revenue grew 7%. CBRE ends the year in the strongest financial position in the company's history. With low leverage, high liquidity, and considerable free cash flow, CBRE is well-positioned to make opportunistic investments when available, while weathering any market turbulence. Please turn to Slide 7, which summarizes our financial performance in Q4 by line of business. I'll highlight a few points about the quarter and the year. First, our performance in leasing in the quarter was driven by our occupier outsourcing clients. While our leasing business can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, the combination of our traditional leasing advisory business with our occupier outsourcing business is a real differentiator for CBRE and is expected to support continued market share gains over the long-term. Second, as Bob noted, our Americas property sales business gained meaningful market share for the full-year, despite an 8% revenue decline in the fourth quarter, it was more in line with the broader market. In 2017, our market share increased by 80 basis points to 17% almost double the market share of our closest competitor according to Real Capital Analytics. Our EMEA business continued its strong growth with sales up 20% supported by foreign capital inflows. In Asia-Pacific, we posted a healthy quarter for property sales as the 8% decline followed a 35% increase in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Commercial mortgage origination revenue rose 5% for the quarter, on top of the 36% growth posted in Q4 of the prior year. Loan volume growth remained healthy in Q4 with conduit lenders leading the way on higher CMBS activity. Finally, I'd highlight the 30% increase in Q4 revenue generated from our $174 billion loan servicing portfolio. This business has annuity like revenues and we have been focused on supporting its growth. Slide 8 highlights our occupier outsourcing business which saw fee revenue increase 17% for the quarter and 12% for the full-year. New business activity also remained robust in Q4 with a record number of new and expanded contracts. We were particularly active in the healthcare sector with 10 total contracts, and in Asia-Pac and EMEA with 21 and 28 contracts respectively. We also signed our largest full service outsourcing contract in Europe since 2014. Klein is a Global Financial Services Company and we will be providing them integrated facility management, project management, and transaction management services. Our pipeline in the outsourcing business has never been larger and we are expecting solid mid-teens growth in fee revenues in 2018. Slide 9 summarizes our Global Investment Management segment. We saw excellent sequential growth in assets under management, up over $4.3 billion in the quarter in local currency to $103 billion on strong inflows and positive adjustments in portfolio valuations. We are benefiting from our efforts launched a year ago to streamline our offerings with greater focus on fewer more strategic investment strategies. Capital-raising continues to be strong reflecting the solid performance of our investment programs. Total new equity commitments rose 19% in USD in 2017 to $9.9 billion, our most ever in a single year. Adjusted EBITDA for the full-year grew by 15% and we expect continued growth in 2018. Carried interest contributed a modest $15 million of revenue in 2017. Slide 10 summarizes our Development Services segment. This business achieved a $120 million EBITDA for the full-year, up 5% over prior year. The $13 million EBITDA decline in the quarter was due to the timing of asset sales which were significantly higher in Q4 of 2016. Our in-process portfolio increased by almost $1 billion and our pipeline declined by $1.6 billion sequentially with both changes driven primarily by higher than normal level of transfers from our pipeline to in-process portfolio. This business is well-positioned with an excellent portfolio of projects and an extremely strong team, and we expect additional growth in 2018. Please turn to Slide 11. As I'm sure you're aware, our revenue recognition accounting will change beginning in the first quarter of 2018, due to our implementation of ASC Topic 606. We anticipate little effect on our annual fee revenue, EBITDA, fee revenue margins, EPS, or related adjusted results. However, under the new rules cost of certain services provided by third-parties primarily to our occupier outsourcing clients will be included in our cost of services and reimbursement revenue. This change is expected to increase both gross revenues and cost of services by approximately $5 billion in 2018. Beginning in Q1 2018 prior period results will be restated to conform to the new accounting rule, providing comparability in a year-over-year reporting. I'm sure you're also aware that we stand to benefit from changes in the U.S. tax code and we expect our adjusted tax rate for 2018 to be in the range of 23% to 24% as compared with 28.3% for 2017. However, in the fourth quarter we recorded a provisional net charge of $143 million or $0.42 per share. This charge includes the transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and the re-measurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities. We have excluded this non-recurring item from our adjusted tax rate and adjusted earnings per share. Finally, we plan to call our $800 million of 5% bonds due in 2023 in March of 2018. This will be funded with a combination of cash and available credit. Now please turn to Slide 12 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Jim. Before I address our business outlook for 2018, I want to take a moment to comment on the macro environment. The global economy looks to be in solid shape. U.S. tax reform and lighter financial regulation appear to be catalysts for business investment. Domestic job growth is expected to remain strong though tempered somewhat by the tightening labor market. In 2018, we expect global leasing and investment markets to remain relatively consistent with the levels seen in 2017. An environment where rates are steadily increasing in response to improving economic conditions is a net positive scenario for our service business. However, if rates were to increase more quickly than expected, there may be some short-term dislocation in the sales market until price discovery becomes clear. Overall, we regard this as a supportive backdrop for our business in 2018, and we continue to operate with an industry poised for long-term growth. This is due to the three enduring trends we have discussed previously: the growing acceptance of outsourced commercial real estate services; the increasing capital allocation to commercial real estate as an institutional asset class; and the continuing consolidation of activity within our industry to the highest quality globally diversified firms. For 2018, we expect our leasing revenue to increase by mid-single-digits reflecting modest increases in rents and gains in market share. Capital markets, which includes our sales and mortgage origination business, combined should achieve revenue growth of low-to-mid-single-digits as we expect additional share gains. Occupier outsourcing should realize solid mid-teens fee revenue growth. As Jim noted earlier, our pipeline in this business is stronger than it's ever been. We expect low-double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth from our real estate investment businesses in 2018, with positive contributions from both Development Services and Investment Management. We also expect a reduction in our net interest expense of approximately $27 million, more than offset by approximately $35 million of additional expected depreciation and amortization expense. As Jim mentioned, CBRE will benefit from a lower effective tax rate in 2018. These tax savings have created a great opportunity for us to invest back into our business and we intend to take advantage of that opportunity. We will make growth oriented investments in commercially sound technology tools as well as sales initiatives aimed at areas of our business that are well suited to benefit from those efforts. We will also pursue a host of efficiency initiatives supported by technology to take advantage of our scale. And very importantly, we will make incremental investments to provide ongoing benefits for our people, such as an enhanced 401(K) match and paid parental leave. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins for the full-year of approximately 17.5%. Our margins reflect the elevated level of investment noted above and a mix shift reflecting stronger expected growth in our outsourcing and our non-U.S. businesses. At the same time, you can expect our intense focus on costs to continue in 2018. We expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share for 2018 in the range of $3 to $3.15 per share which represents a 13% increase from 2017 at the mid-point, with an 8% increase attributable to adjusted EBITDA growth, and 5% to the combined effect of lower tax rate, interest savings, and higher depreciation and amortization. Without the effect of tax reform and the incremental investments we discussed, we would have expected approximately 10% adjusted EBITDA growth and double-digit growth in adjusted EPS in 2018. With that operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Anthony Paolone of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you and good quarter. My first question is on the EBITDA margin, you talked about the mixed shift and then also investing in the business. Do you see the some of those investments continuing into 2019 and acting as any sort of drag on margins on multi-year basis or is this a kind of add this to the cost structure step it up and then that's kind of a new level?
Jim Groch: Hey Anthony, this is Jim. I would say majority of these investments are more occurring in nature. We would still anticipate getting operating leverage by line of business hopefully in 2019 over 2018.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then could you give us a little more color on the acceleration in outsourcing revenue growth and where you're seeing that either by industry or geography or business function like what's -- it seems to be a pretty notable pickup as you head into 2018?
Bob Sulentic: Hey, Tony, this is Bob. Well we're going to see a lot of that in Europe. We think we're really well-positioned there to grow the business and we've got the GWS work behind us next year, an integration work which was long and hard, but very fruitful. And we're expecting to see it in various verticals that we work in. So we talked earlier about health care. We're seeing additional work with some financial services firms, a lot of work with the technology firms that ask us to do multiple services around the globe. That's become a big driver in our growth. And then one of the things, we're really starting to see now is a lot of leasing work for these clients. So we're very encouraged about the picture, it came through in our numbers for 2017; it's going to come through again in 2018.
Anthony Paolone: And was that, like some of this pickup was that visible just given that it takes time from when you win a contract to when it really starts to kick-in. So a lot of what we're going to see in 2018, you kind of -- you worked on in 2017 or just trying to think about --
Bob Sulentic: These are big complicated contracts. And so there is a ramp up of effort before you land and actually start to work. But another thing that's going on there is we have hundreds of contracts with big global companies now and where a lot of our growth, Bill Concannon, talks about this all the time, a bunch of our growth comes from new accounts, but an awful lot of it comes from adding services to the accounts we have. And we talked in our comments earlier about this client care effort we have underway within our outsourcing business or occupier outsourcing business, we call that our Dark Green initiative. When you're working with these large clients and you do great work for them on one line of business or on what they've already given you, the odds of expanding that account are really, really good. We are doing increasingly good work for these clients, it's very measurable and it's definitively coming through in our growth rates. That's an absolutely important part of what you're seeing.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, got it. And then just last question, it looks like you'll save money on interest in 2018 net of cash but then you get some offset with D&A like what's the expectation for CapEx just kind of get to cash flow picture?
Jim Groch: Anthony, its Jim. I think we've got -- we're going to put -- you'll see that in our 10-K coming out shortly, but it'll be up slightly from 2017.
Operator: Excuse me. Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Green of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jason Green: Good morning. Just a question on the leasing environment. I'm wondering obviously a very strong quarter, if you're seeing any hesitation in terms of doing long-term leasing deals or people are kind of aggressive in leasing environments thinking about doing long deals versus short deals?
Bob Sulentic: Jason, we think the leasing environment is going to be pretty stable between 2017 and 2018. One of the factors that's just very real out there is that employment growth causes leasing growth and we expect or we're seeing a circumstance where we're getting pretty close to full employment. So that's a factor in our outlook for the amount of leasing growth we see next year or one of the reasons we think it's flat. But the market kind of is approaching leasing going forward in our view the way it did this past year.
Jason Green: Okay. And then just one more question in regards to the debt, the bonds you guys are calling, is there any prepayment penalty associated with those, anything we should be thinking about going forward?
Jim Groch: Jason, there's a $20 million call premium.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nick Yulico of UBS. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hi good morning. This is Greg on for Nick Yulico. Sort of couple of questions on M&A, curious with some of these specific capabilities that you guys added via M&A this year were?
Jim Groch: Greg, yes, this is Jim. I'm happy to run through a few. So really a mix of acquisitions different parts of the world and different businesses, but our real focus was on bringing either new or enhanced capabilities to our clients and our people serving our clients. So Caledon is an example in our Investment Management business is a really strong group that's been totally focused on infrastructure management and we have a fund on our public security side on the infrastructure. In the infrastructure space, this is on the private side, so that's one example. We acquired a business called Mainstream which is a global work order software-as-a-service platform a business and a product that we're very familiar with as we were their largest customer, they rolled out a new product -- it was globally capable, we liked it a lot and thought it had a great opportunity and acquired the business. In Australia, we acquired a company called Aurora; it's a healthcare focused project management business. In France, a retail consultancy firm called Convergence. So those are a few examples. But overall we did 11 acquisitions and equity investments in three additional companies.
Greg McGinniss: And I think I really appreciate the color there. And have you started to see any sort of rationalization in M&A pricing that may make maybe a bigger deal with your liquidity that may make a bigger deal potentially possible in 2018, 2019?
Jim Groch: Yes. We don't give any real guidance or color around large deals when they might or might not occur, but you can see from our history, we're really selective on the large deals. So of the dozen or so large deals in the last dozen or so years, more of them, more than that, we've chased five, we've won five, we went after, we didn't bid on any of the others. So they kind of break loose when they do and we're always prepared for the deals that we think are particularly strategic to achieving what we’re trying to accomplish.
Greg McGinniss: All right, thanks. And just one more question from me, now you spoke on additional market share gains in 2018, I'm just curious what you considered your market share gains in 2017 in the leasing and sales businesses to have been?
Jim Groch: Well, I'll hit the capital markets business. If you look at Real Capital Analytics they have a survey basis points for the year at about 17% market share which is almost double our next closest competitor. On leasing we think that its market share gains are evident getting more detailed data is pretty hard to do in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain: Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask Tony's question a different way with regard to tech and obviously it's constantly evolving, but if you were going to place a target of where you want to be versus where you are now, how much more progress has to be made to kind of hit those goals?
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all Mitch, I want to create some context for how we think about technology. We're investing in it really heavily, but we are extremely focused on doing things that are commercial and enabling our real estate services capability. We've studied this closely in 2016, we studied it closely again in 2017, we've got a very clear view across our lines of business as to what we need to do and the tools we need to bring on board. And we're implementing that. We've ramped up the capabilities of our digital and technology leadership team and development teams that work for them. And we think that it's going to be important across all of our lines of business, but it's going to be important that we enable ourselves with technology we aren't thinking that we're going to be disintermediated. We're watching that risk very closely as it relates to small trades in some other parts of our business, but in general it's about enabling ourselves with technology and we expect to continue to ramp up our expenses there. I will tell you that our -- if you were to dissect our income statement in our budget for 2018, you would find that one of the biggest areas of growth is in the whole digital and technology area.
Mitch Germain: Great, that's helpful. I know you are talking about low-to-mid-single-digit growth capital markets. Obviously there are two real big streams there right. One is investment sales, one is your commercial financing side, how should we think about each one of those respective segments as you roll up into that guidance?
Bob Sulentic: Sales is going to grow a little more slowly than debt. There's some concern in the sales market obviously about what might happen with interest rates. The other thing is buyers are underwriting assets; they're having a little bit of trouble underwriting growth and value. So we think sales will grow a little more slowly than debt. And as a result of the slower growth in sales, some people will refinance which will cause the debt side of things to grow more rapidly. But we look for that low-to-mid-single-digit type growth next year significant amount of it come from taking market share.
Mitch Germain: Got it. Smart move to pay down the debt. Is the thought to maybe refinance the portion that will sit on the line for kind of longer-term or likely just kind of sit on the line for a little time now?
Jim Groch: So in October, when we refinanced our line, we also refinanced $750 million of term loans.
Mitch Germain: Yes.
Jim Groch: What we did there is we actually -- we only drew $250 million of the $750 million of term loans and we negotiated a delayed draw feature on the remaining $550 million actually which will take down roughly simultaneous to when we call the bonds. And so it won't -- a little, if any, will really sit on the line of credit and the term loans are five-year and prepayable at anytime with no penalties.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. Just a follow-up on the debt repurchase. How much -- what would you say the allocation is between cash and the term loans? Should we assume that you'll drawdown the entire capacity on the term loans?
Jim Groch: Yes, we'll drawdown the capacity at the time we take it down, but it's somewhat fungible. Our first two quarters are seasonal period where we use little more cash. So we'll take down the full term loans, there's no -- like I said there is no pre-penalties, so we may decide to pay that down a bit as early as the end of the year, we'll see how things evolve throughout the year.
Jade Rahmani: Just on the -- you mentioned interest rates. I wanted to see if you could comment on any initial trends so far in 2018, are you hearing any feedback from your salesforce or clients about increased concern with respect to the interest rate outlook as some of the recent stock market volatility appears to reflect?
Bob Sulentic: We stay very close to the buyers of institutional real estate assets and what we're hearing from them is what we've seen in the stock market, we're hearing from them some level of concern, they're not overwhelmingly concerned, but they're watching it closely and they think there's more reason to watch it now than there has been for several years. So that's on their mind and that's, as I commented earlier, that's one of the reasons why we don't think there will be a real growth in sales volumes this year in an otherwise good economy, I might add.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of seasonality as a follow-up, do you think that those types of conversations could cause initial deal closings to slip beyond 1Q? So could you see the softness in capital markets play out perhaps stronger in the earlier part of the year on heightened concern, but then people maybe adapt to that?
Jim Groch: Jade, this is Jim. I would say you can look back in last couple of years and see periods with a 10-year treasuries have moved around a good bit between 2% and 3% and generally didn't have much impact on cap rates, generally didn't have much impact on volumes. If the rates move more quickly or kind of a surprise than expected then you can get a little bit of messiness in a quarter where people kind of wait for price discovery clear up a little bit. But overall, I think our guidance is based on what we've seen in the last month or two including the last few days.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stephen Sheldon of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Stephen Sheldon: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First, just given the guidance for momentum to continue in occupier outsourcing in 2018, is that more weighted towards the first half of the year just given the tougher comps as you progress through the year and does the mid-teens guidance only include contracts currently in the pipeline or does it factor in kind of additional growth in the pipeline?
Jim Groch: It's our guidance based on our expectation for the year and awful lot of those revenues are reasonably well baked at this point, but some -- there is some timing that we're estimating based on contracts that we've landed or in process as to our estimate as to when they'll actually come online. But we've got, as they come in, and during the call the strongest pipeline we've ever had and we feel pretty confident about the mid-teens guidance, and we don't really expect that to be particularly weighted to the back half of the year whereas in 2017 we did give our guidance, it was going to be a little more weighted to the back half of the year and we met that guidance obviously and exceeded it a little bit.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay. And then, I think you noted a large occupier outsourcing win in EMEA in the fourth quarter, did you see any revenue flowing from that or is that going to be incremental as we look at EMEA occupier outsourcing in 2018?
Jim Groch: Very little would have hit so far on that contract. There's usually a pretty good lead time to get these contracts up and running.
Stephen Sheldon: Okay. And then appreciate the color on the expected growth kind of by service line, I just wanted to make sure are the revenue growth rates you give generally kind of constant currency or do they factor in a potential boost from FX trends this year?
Jim Groch: We've got maybe a little over 1% boost in our -- that's baked into our budget for FX. But we will typically when we'll send the budget we'll look at -- when we set our budget we're looking at four curves on exchange rates and so we've got some of that baked in already.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Ridley-Lane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the impact of U.S. Tax Reform not on you, but on your own clients. I mean the 20% deduction on pass-through income would seem like a pretty meaningful benefit to CRE investments on through LLCs and the like, has that factored that into the psychology around buyers and potentially increased the activity levels or prospectively would?
Bob Sulentic: Well, the -- as has been broadly publicized the changes in the tax code were generally good for commercial real estate. As it relates to our clients, I think it's a good thing for them. I think other large corporate like ourselves are going to be more profitable as a result they're going to have more dollars to invest as a result. I think their view of the economy and how long it's going to run in a positive way has been enhanced by the changes to the tax code, and as a result, they will be more inclined to do positive things add employees and so forth that benefit our business. And when you look at the size of our business on both sides the occupier side and the investor side, I think we should get positive benefit from both sides.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. And then on the 2018 guidance the double-digit EBITDA growth that you're guiding for the principal businesses of Investment Management and Development, are you expecting an above average year for asset sales and incentive fees or is this kind of driven by more core growth in the projects and assets under management?
Jim Groch: I'd say kind of all the above really, both businesses are doing well. The Development Services business has a very strong set of projects in process also very strong pipeline. The Global Investment and I'd say not a particularly unusual year for asset sales in that business. The global investors business or Investment Management business also doing quite well with a record year for capital raise, AUM, at a record level as well. So they’re both kind of solid fundamentals in both businesses and we expect both to be up in low-double-digits.
David Ridley-Lane: If I could sneak one more in, I know you have a -- don't have a formal net debt-to-EBITDA leverage target and understand that you're mindful of where we're in the cycle but is there a level at which you would feel that you're potentially under levered I mean you are under 1 times now.
Jim Groch: Yes. As we commented in the past we've tried to exclusive that we're comfortable -- we're comfortable being what you might call under levered as you later in a business cycle and were comfortable higher leverage earlier in the business cycle, and then we’re comfortable moving in a band that materially differentiates between later in the cycle and earlier in the cycle. We -- you won't see as go below 20 net leverage late in the cycle but we, yes, I guess I'll just restate what we said in the past on the front.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Weaver of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Weaver: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the guidance for EBITDA growth generally --
Bob Sulentic: Hey Jason can you move closer to your phone. We're having trouble hearing you.
Jason Weaver: Sorry guys. I was asking about the EBITDA guidance figures does that include any pending or anticipated growth from acquisitions or is that all organic expectations?
Jim Groch: It’s most -- it’s really almost entirely organic. So any infill at M&A that we do within a calendar year typically contributes very little with any incremental earnings in that year because we don’t normalize the deal cost, startup costs, integration, et cetera of the smaller deals we consider that normal course activity for us. So we'll get some revenue contribution but not much earnings.
Jason Weaver: And one more, Bob, touched on this in his remarks but can you comment a little bit more granularly on the recruitment environment for producers both in the regions and if you think competition is intensifying at all?
Bob Sulentic: We don't think competition is intensifying; it's probably backed up a little bit in a positive sense over the last year. Well, let me rephrase that it certainly has backed up a little bit in a positive sense. We are having meeting with a lot of success in recruiting around the world and the reason we're meeting with a lot of success is because producers realize they can come to our company and through a combination of our footprint, the client base we have, the range of services we have, they can leverage to land transactional business. They can do more here than they can do elsewhere. And as a result we ended up with a recruiting year in 2017 that was better than we expected going into the year. It was one of our better years. It's one of the things that's contributing to our assumptions about taking some market share next year. And that is -- that's become a continuing theme and opportunity for us and we expect that to happen again in 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: Sorry. Can you hear me?
Bob Sulentic: Yes.
Jade Rahmani: Oh, sorry. I was wondering if you could provide adjusted earnings and adjusted EBITDA excluding net MSR gains.
Jim Groch: Sure. Well, I'll just give you the net MSR impact and for those that are not familiar the MSRs refer to kind of gains from mortgage servicing rights offset by amortization of those gains. The impacts -- these are all headwinds net headwinds. The impact in Q4 was about $6 million negative or roughly a penny. The impact for the full-year was around $33 million of headwind negative impact around $0.07 for the year and in our budget for 2018 we expect about $20 million of headwind where amortization exceeds the gains.
Jade Rahmani: Is the headwind a year-over-year comparison or is the headwind --?
Jim Groch: Year-over-year.
Jade Rahmani: Okay but on an absolute basis mortgage servicing capitalization gains exceeds the amortization expense.
Jim Groch: That's correct.
Jade Rahmani: So do you happen to have what the impact -- what the gain on sale for mortgage servicing rights was and what the amortization expense was so that we could calculate cash earnings and adjusted EBITDA excluding that.
Jim Groch: Sure, we’ll give the full detail in the K but the net in 2017 was about $50 million.
Jade Rahmani: And do what it was in the fourth quarter?
Jim Groch: I don't have that off the top of my head but --
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. So when we see some sales dislocation because of a spike of rates like it sounds like we might be seeing in the very near-term, do you typically see that leading to the permanent loss in that sales activity that might have otherwise taken place or does it just kind of push it back and then when rates normalize or the environment comes down there's a little bit of a catch-up that takes place?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, what happens I mean it depends on how much it spikes. If it's -- if interest rates spike a little bit we don't think it'll have much of an impact at all. If they spike more, then people go to the sidelines to wait and see what happens. But there is an awful lot of debt and equity capital out there in the market for commercial real estate. And our belief is that with what's likely to happen with interest rates it's not going to have a big impact on the market in 2018.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Thanks. And I think you're kind of letting my next question which is that there's a lot of private equity dry powder out there geared towards real estate investments, how patient is your sense of that dry powder can really be?
Bob Sulentic: I think they can be very -- look I think the institutional investors in real estate are pretty darn discipline now more than they have been in any cycle in my 30-plus-year career and they're inclined to hold the assets they have if they don't think they can get good pricing and they're happy to sit on the capital they have, if they don't like the buys they can make we have a big investment management business that's exactly how our guys are and gals are looking at it, I can tell you that.
Operator: Thank you at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Okay, well thanks everyone for your questions. We'll talk to you again in 90 days. And in the meantime I want to remind everybody that we have our Investor Day here in New York on March 8.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Bradley Burke - IR Robert Sulentic - CEO, President and Director James Groch - CFO and Global Director of Corporate Development
Analysts: Joshua Lamers - William Blair & Company  Greg McGinniss - UBS Investment Bank  Jade Rahmani - KBW David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to CBRE Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Brad Burke.
Bradley Burke: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results, and it is posted on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. On this page, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks.  This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our third quarter 2017 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.  During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated. References to results before FX impacts also exclude the impact of FX hedging activity. Our participants on the call this morning are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development.  Please turn to Slide 4 as Bob discusses our third quarter performance.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, CBRE produced another quarter of excellent results, with double-digit revenue growth and adjusted EPS up 28%. Our performance is the direct result of our focused strategy to produce exceptional outcomes for our clients and the commitment of our more than 75,000 professionals to executing our strategy. The strength of our performance in the third quarter was broad based. Each of our 3 global regions produced solid growth, and trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA is at an all-time high in each of the 3 global regions.  Leasing returned to double-digit growth in the third quarter and was exceptionally strong in the United States. Revenue growth accelerated in our occupier outsourcing business as we continued to capitalize on our commanding position in this growing sector. Global property sales saw healthy growth despite a generally tepid market for transaction activity, reflecting the strength of our brand and our ability to take market share. Finally, we also had excellent performance in both of our real estate investment businesses, Global Investment Management and Development Services.  Longer term, our outlook is supported by 3 significant industry trends that play to CBRE's strength as the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment company. The first is the growing demand for outsourced commercial real estate solutions. The second is the increased allocation by institutional investors to commercial real estate. The third trend is consolidation. Clients are awarding their work to fewer, more capable global service providers, which drives consolidation within our industry. We continue to make investments in our people, service offering and operating platform, particularly digital technology capabilities, to capture the opportunities created by these industry trends.  With that, Jim will take you through our third quarter results in detail.
James Groch: Thank you, Bob. As Bob noted, CBRE continued to produce great results in Q3. Let me start with a few highlights on Slide 5. First, adjusted EBITDA growth was broad based, up in all 5 business segments and up 17% in total versus last year.  Second, leasing revenue in the Americas increased 13%, led by the U.S., which is up 16%, as we continued to take market share. Third, adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue in our regional businesses was up 20 basis points to 15.9% despite a year-over-year decline in gains from mortgage servicing rights related to GSE lending. Excluding this impact, the margin on fee revenue in our regional businesses increased by 70 basis points. Margin on fee revenue for our entire business increased by 120 basis points overall to 17.7%.  Fourth, we continued to deploy capital into attractive M&A opportunities. We have closed 9 acquisitions thus far this year and maintain an active pipeline. These investments enhance our core strategy and reflect our continued underwriting discipline. Slide 6 summarizes our financial results. CBRE produced strong top line growth in Q3. Gross revenue and fee revenue increased by 10% and 9%, respectively, with virtually all growth being organic.  Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter grew 18% in U.S. dollars to $412 million, reflecting positive operating leverage. Adjusted earnings per share increased 28% in U.S. dollars to $0.64 for the quarter. Our adjusted tax rate improved to 28.3% in Q3 '17 versus 33% in the prior year third quarter, and we continue to take steps to enhance our tax efficiency. The benefit of our lower tax rate in the quarter was mostly offset by increased depreciation and amortization when compared to prior year.  You'll notice that we enhanced our segment-level and income statement reconciliation disclosures. We are also including a detailed history of revenue and EBITDA by segment as a supplemental disclosure posted on our website. These enhanced disclosures should further improve the overall financial transparency of our business for our investors.  Slide 7 summarizes our three regional services businesses, which, as Bob mentioned, are all at record levels for adjusted EBITDA in the trailing 12 months. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 8% in the Americas, 12% in EMEA and 31% in Asia Pacific, excluding all currency effects. The regions together produced fee revenue growth of 10%. Asia Pacific was a notable performer in the quarter, posting an 18% fee revenue increase, supported by outsized growth in Greater China, India, Japan and Singapore. In the Americas, fee revenue increased 9%, with double-digit growth in occupier outsourcing and leasing. Brazil, Canada and the United States all exhibited strong overall growth. Growth of 8% in adjusted EBITDA in the Americas would have been 18%, excluding the gains from mortgage servicing rights. EMEA fee revenue rose 8%, paced by strong gains in the United Kingdom.  Slide 8 reviews the performance of our major global lines of business in Q3. Revenue growth across these lines of business was almost entirely organic. As mentioned, leasing revenue rose 13% in the Americas and 16% in the U.S., paced by strong performance in New York City. Leasing increased by 4% in EMEA and 17% in Asia Pacific, where growth was especially strong in Australia, Greater China, India and Japan. Property sales revenue rose 9%, reflecting market share gains in an environment where global market volumes were relatively flat year-over-year. Our performance in property sales was paced by robust growth in Asia Pacific, which increased 33%, led by Australia, Greater China and Japan.  Americas sales revenue improved 7% as robust gains in Brazil and Canada offset relatively flat revenue in the United States. CBRE extended its leading position in U.S. investment sales, with market share increasing by approximately 190 basis points versus last year's third quarter, according to Real Capital Analytics. EMEA sales revenue declined 2%, reflecting fewer, large transactions in Continental Europe, although growth remained strong in the U.K.  Commercial mortgage origination revenue declined 12%, driven almost entirely by lower gains on mortgage servicing rights related to our GSE businesses, which more than doubled in Q3 of the prior year. Notably, our loan servicing business saw a 24% increase in recurring revenue from our portfolio, which now totals $165 billion. We have begun to separately disclose our loan servicing revenue, which has more than doubled over the last 3 years and now represents nearly 30% of our year-to-date revenue from commercial mortgage services. Our supplemental disclosure includes a 3-year quarterly history of our loan servicing revenue, providing an enhanced view of this recurring revenue stream for our investors.  Property management services produced solid fee revenue growth of 10% for the quarter. Revenue from our valuation business increased 4%. Slide 9 summarizes results for our occupier outsourcing business, where we continued to see strong growth, with fee revenue up 13% for the quarter. To illustrate our value proposition, let's look at a contract expansion we signed this quarter.  Our client, CSC, was merging with a large division of Hewlett Packard Enterprise to create DXC Technology. CBRE provided key support during the premerger period and subsequently expanded the relationship to include their entire 32-million-square-foot global portfolio for facilities management, transactions, project management and strategic consulting. In the most basic sense, for clients like DXC, we could be providing services that include managing the day-to-day operations of thousands of facilities and related capital improvement projects, advising on leasing new facilities and identifying and disposing of facilities that no longer meet the client's needs. In summary, we dedicate an experienced leadership team to the client, supported by a global platform that includes market-leading technology, data analytics and the expertise of over 75,000 CBRE employees on the ground in over 100 countries. This is what we mean when we talk about our competitive advantages of scale, service scope and sector expertise. Slide 10 summarizes our Global Investment Management segment, where adjusted EBITDA increased 21% in Q3 and is up 10% year-to-date. Our Investment Management business continues to attract significant equity capital. Total commitments reached $9.4 billion over the past 12 months. AUM rose in the third quarter to $98.3 billion, up $10.4 billion from a year ago in U.S. dollars or $2.6 billion, excluding the Caledon Capital acquisition, which was completed in August 2017. Positive FX movements added $2.2 billion to total AUM versus the prior year.  Please turn to Slide 11 summarizing our Development Services segment. This business continues to produce outstanding results. Adjusted EBITDA contributions increased to $35.9 million from $15.7 million in Q3 2016. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA is up 29% versus the prior year.  I'll remind you that the timing of realizing incentive income can vary quarter-to-quarter. Our in-process and pipeline portfolios remain healthy, and we expect to realize meaningful income in the fourth quarter, though less than last year's fourth quarter.  Our development pipeline stands at $5.4 billion, with fee-only and build-to-suit projects representing more than half of our pipeline. Please turn to Slide 12. This quarter represents the 2-year anniversary of our closing on the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition and is a good time to reflect on our performance since then. Over this period, growth in employment and GDP has been slow and steady but not great, and property sales volumes have declined. Against this backdrop, I'd like to highlight 2 metrics. First, our trailing 12-month adjusted EPS has increased by 38% over the last 2 years compared to 5% growth in EPS for the S&P 500 over this period.  Second, our leverage over this period has declined even after making a $1.5 billion acquisition. As of Q3, our leverage ratio is only 1x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA versus the 1.2x level we had immediately prior to our acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions. This reflects our strong cash flow and earnings growth over the past 2 years. We believe this performance highlights the strength of our company and our strategy. One housekeeping item before I turn the call back to Bob.  We are moving our Annual Investor Day to early March of 2018. This will give us the benefit of having full year 2017 results when providing our outlook for 2018. We look forward to speaking with you again in early 2018.  With that, please turn to Slide 13 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. 2017 is proving to be another outstanding year for CBRE. Last quarter, we updated our full year earnings guidance, and our results are generally trending above the midpoint of those expectations. We want to remind you that results in our regional services businesses in the fourth quarter of last year were exceptionally strong, with adjusted EBITDA up 30% from the prior year. Additionally, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA in our combined Investment Management and Development Services businesses to decline year-over-year in the fourth quarter while still realizing an increase for the full year. To be clear, we continue to see healthy momentum across most of our businesses and regions, and we are increasing our full year 2017 guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $2.58 to $2.68. We are very pleased with the strong performance we have delivered for our shareholders. The strength of our business, the quality of our people and the perception of our brand continue to improve. As a global market leader in commercial real estate services and investment, we are benefiting disproportionately from long-term trends that should support continued growth for our sector. Please turn to Slide 14. Before we conclude, I want to take a moment to comment on CBRE's role in helping our clients respond to natural disasters. These capabilities were certainly put to the test this quarter with multiple events in the U.S., the Caribbean and Mexico City. Our disaster relief response teams mobilized quickly to keep our clients' facilities safe and operational. Our people often put their client responsibilities ahead of their own personal needs, and I can tell you that this extraordinary effort in a time of great need has not gone unnoticed by our customers. I want to thank everyone at CBRE who balanced their work commitments with their family and community obligations during the natural disasters. With that, operator, we will open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Josh Lamers with William Blair.
Joshua Lamers: Oh, great. How about kind of a broader-picture question? Over the last handful of years or more, the real estate industry has gone through a pretty wild period of technology innovation, whether it's in the form of new products and whatever it may be. So I guess I'm just curious to get your thoughts on the level of adoption of that technology internally, because I get the sense that either in the market or CBRE, that the productivity gains are not necessarily keeping pace with the unveiling of new technologies.
Robert Sulentic: Josh, we've introduced a good number of enablement technologies for our people across our business in the last few years. We track adoption closely, and adoption has gone up considerably over the last couple years in particular as we've doubled down on our focus in that regard. I would tell you that we are getting productivity gains from technology, and I think that's part of what's showing up in our results. As you see, we have continued to have better and better operating leverage in our business, and so I think we are benefiting from that. However, I think there's an awful long way to go, both in our sector and our company, as it relates to using enablement technology to support our people and serve our clients.
Joshua Lamers: Helpful. Last one for me would be really curious to get your thoughts on the shared space business, especially in light of the WeWork purchase in New York.
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Well, first of all, we -- we're around that dynamic in a lot of ways and specifically with regard to WeWork. WeWork is a client of ours. WeWork is a place where we send a good number of our clients. And in some places, they compete with us. We think they're a very good company. They're here to stay. The concept is here to say. And I think we're really well positioned to compete in an environment where that's part of the environment. We have a number of capabilities that serve us well to address that circumstance, and we're investing significantly in ways that'll help us address it more in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Yulico with UBS.
Greg McGinniss: This is Greg McGinniss on for Nick. You know the growing demand for the outsourcing CRE services. And with the acceleration into the back half of the year proceeding as expected, can we assume this double-digit revenue growth in the occupier outsourcing business is going to continue into 2018?
Robert Sulentic: We expect that growth rate to continue indefinitely, the double-digit growth rate. We've said that for years, and we continue to believe that'll be the case.
Greg McGinniss: And I know you said that mostly, it's entirely organic growth. But, I mean, how much of that double-digit growth is based on acquisitions?
Robert Sulentic: It's organic. That double-digit growth was almost entirely organic, not through acquisitions in the quarter.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And just one more for me. On transaction -- to [indiscernible] on transaction, markets or cap rates have been relatively stable, but these declining transactions volumes suggest a bit spread is just a bit too wide for most investors. Do you think prices need to come down to jolt transaction volumes? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much money might be waiting on the sidelines in the U.S. transaction market.
Robert Sulentic: There's a lot of money on the sidelines for transactions in the U.S., particularly in the areas of industrial and multifamily. We have big multifamily business, big industrial business, and we're having trouble keeping the buyers that we work with satisfied with the amount of product we're delivering. Transactions have, in fact, slowed down a little. The time to get a transaction closed has slowed down by 5% or so. But the fact of the matter is there's plenty of capital out there, and the product that's coming to market is well leased with good tenants, and we see that at market -- well, transactions have certainly slowed down from their peak in 2015. It's still a healthy market out there, and we've had nice growth in our investment sales business around the world.
Greg McGinniss: Is there any issue with folks just not wanting to sell these assets at this point then?
Robert Sulentic: Sure, there is. I mean, people that are investing in commercial real estate and believe in it, and that -- and the institutional capital in commercial real estate is growing, aren't going to exit assets unless they feel like they have an opportunity to get into another asset in certain cases because they're building portfolios. So that's a situation that we definitely see in some cases.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW.
Jade Rahmani: Based on your conversations with your brokerage force and with institutional investors for the market overall, would you expect a similar level of activity in 2018 as in 2017 in terms of property sales?
James Groch: Jade, this is Jim. I don't think we're going to give any forecast at this point. But we'll come back to that at year-end.
Jade Rahmani: As a follow-up to the prior question, could you provide any insights into property sale pipelines with respect to number of property listings, number of bidders? You commented on time lines to deal close, but just anything that could give sort of a sense of color in the market.
Robert Sulentic: Well, we've what we've said, Jade [ph], is that we expect a low single-digit growth this year in investment sales volumes, and nothing about that projection has changed. There's a lot of buyers in the marketplace. There's a decent amount of product. As I said a couple of minutes ago, it's not what it was in 2015, but it's still a very healthy market with some really good circumstances, little overbuilding, growing rental rates, growing occupancies and a lot of institutional capital around the world that's interested in commercial real estate.
Jade Rahmani: Within that commercial mortgage services segment, can you say how much of the debt placement revenue is from the GSE multifamily business and how much from other sources?
James Groch: We haven't broken down that detail.
Jade Rahmani: Is the majority GSE multifamily?
James Groch: Yes, our origination business is heavily weighted to multifamily. Not all GSE but definitely heavily weighted to multifamily.
Jade Rahmani: And I guess in the MSR gains, somewhat confusing because I think you said that GSE multifamily volumes doubled year-over-year, but the MSR gains were a headwind. Can you just explain that?
James Groch: I don't think we said that volumes doubled. But volumes are up, so the -- but you do get -- depending on the mix of the type of origination, where it's coming from, factors relating to that, fees can be quite different from one origination to another. So revenues don't always follow level of origination.
Jade Rahmani: What was the year-over-year growth in the GSE volumes?
James Groch: So the -- we have hit a -- if you look at the overall impact, if you try and assess the overall impact on our numbers from GSE, it was a $21 million negative impact to pretax earnings. And the way you can -- the details of that are, we had $35 million of gains in Q3, we had $26 million of amortization. But if you're comparing, the gains are down by $13 million, the amortization is up by $8 million. The net impact is negative $21 million.
Jade Rahmani: And what about overall GSE production volumes year-over-year?
James Groch: Volumes are up. Like I said, they're up. So you -- but you can have time for -- where volumes and revenue just are different just by the nature of the size of the deals, the types of deals, fee structures in different deals.
Jade Rahmani: Turning to the M&A -- recent M&A transactions. Are there complementary service business lines? I noticed in the Heery acquisition that the company has an aviation segment, which caught my attention. Are you looking at broadening the service offering? And is that a meaningful opportunity?
Robert Sulentic: Well, Heery does address some markets that we weren't in before in terms of project management. So they do some stuff in the aviation area. They do some stuff in public education and other public sector-type things. That deal or that business comes with not only broadened scope but some seriously talented professionals that are very additive to a number of our local markets. So we're quite excited about that deal and what it adds to our business.
Jade Rahmani: And just lastly, I wanted to see if you could offer any comments on the House's Tax Reform Bill, whether you view it as positive for commercial real estate and what, if any, implications there are to CBRE's tax rate.
James Groch: Yes, we have taken a look at the bill that came out yesterday. Our initial take is positive. Obviously, we're going to be cautious and waiting. There could be a lot of twists and turns between now and when legislation is finalized. But net-net, we see it as positive for the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane: So congratulations, I guess, on the 2-year anniversary of the GWS acquisition. I did want to check in about the progress you're making in cross-selling those clients, particularly around outsourcing-led leasing transactions.
Robert Sulentic: David, we're making really good progress with the clients that came over through GWS, the GWS acquisition. Certainly, some in the area of cross-selling but just broad-based better results with the individual clients we brought over. Client satisfaction has gone way up, which positions us well to sell new services to them and do more of what we're already doing for them. But in the vein of the question you're asking, I think it's worth noting that we have a lot of cross-sell opportunities all over our business when we do work with those big clients. And so the trend is very positive in that regard, and we're happy with the way that specific acquisition has gone and the way those clients are evolving as clients of ours now.
David Ridley-Lane: And then it sounds like the M&A activity is -- or, excuse me, environment is getting incrementally better for you. I did want to ask, though, on Asian recruiting and retention. Is it attractive market in terms of looking to add talent? And then on the other -- flip side of that, are you having any difficulty in retaining your talent?
Robert Sulentic: We continue to have good success in attracting talent. This will be the fourth or fifth year in a row where we've recruited, net of departure, several hundred producers around the world. Much like when we do infill acquisitions, we have an advantage in terms of the cost that we pay to recruit or the cost that we pay to retain because brokers that come to our platform or stay on our platform can produce more revenues for themselves and their company here than they do elsewhere. That's a well-proven dynamic. And so recruiting and retention are going well. I think the pressures are actually a little less this year than they were last year. Things have settled out in the industry. And as Jim said, that's been the case for infill acquisitions as well. So we're seeing good opportunities, and we're executing well against those opportunities.
David Ridley-Lane: And heard you in saying there were hundreds of additions. And any -- would you go so far as to give a sort of rough growth rate?
Robert Sulentic: We don't give that number.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Robert Sulentic: Well, thank you, everyone, and we'll talk to you in about 3 months with our year-end results. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brad Burke - Head, Investor Relations Bob Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer and Head, Corporate Development Gil Borok - Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Nick Yulico - UBS Josh Lamers - William Blair Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Brad Burke, Head of Investor Relations for CBRE. Thank you. You may begin.
Brad Burke: Thank you and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. On this page, you will find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. Now, please turn to the slide labeled Forward-Looking Statements. This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operation, market share, business outlook and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. For a full disclosure of the risks and other factors that may impact these forward-looking statements, please refer to our second quarter 2017 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. During our remarks, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Additionally, all growth rate percentages cited in our remarks are in local currency unless otherwise stated. References to results before FX impacts also exclude the impact of FX hedging activity. Please turn to Slide 3. Our participants on the call this morning are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I want to say that I am excited to be part of the CBRE team and to continue interacting with all of you now as a CBRE employee. Now please turn to Slide 4 as Bob discusses our second quarter performance.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good to have you on board. Good morning, everyone. Results in the second quarter provide more evidence of the diversity and strength of our business. Adjusted EPS increased by 25%. Based on the robust results realized in the first half of the year, we are increasing full year guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $2.53 to $2.63. Our regional services businesses continued to post strong results, led this quarter by broad-based strength in APAC and EMEA and double-digit growth from our global occupier outsourcing and capital market businesses. Further, our regional services businesses together achieved solid margin expansion with the help of strong cost control. As we reflect on this performance, a few key facts stand out. First, we are operating a well-balanced portfolio of market leading businesses. Second, the quality of our people and globally integrated capabilities, increasingly abled by technology and data, are strengthening our competitive advantages. And finally, our prudent financial management has allowed us to improve profitability, while making investments to further strengthen our position. We have spoken with you about our strategy for making CBRE a better enterprise, one that is capable of producing superior client outcomes. This strategy is working and our people are continuing to execute at a high level. Now, Jim will take you through our second-quarter results in detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. As Bob noted, CBRE continued to produce great results in Q2. Let me start with a few highlights on Slide 5. First, capital markets revenue, which includes property sales and commercial mortgage services combined, generated 12% revenue growth. Second, our occupier outsourcing business continued to realize strong and steady fee revenue growth of 10% for the quarter, all of which was organic. Third, margins on fee revenue increased 70 basis points to 16.4% in our combined regional services businesses. Finally, we increased the pace of our M&A activity as more rational deal terms are returning to the market. Year-to-date, we closed four traditional infill acquisitions. In addition, we enhanced our market leading technology platform by acquiring two software-as-a-service companies and making an equity investment in a third. Please turn to Slide 6. CBRE produced solid, top line organic growth in Q2. Gross revenue and fee revenue increased by 7% and 6% respectively with virtually all of the growth being organic. Adjusted EBITDA grew 14% in U.S. dollars to $413 million, outpacing fee revenue growth on expanding margins. Adjusted earnings per share increased 25% in U.S. dollars to $0.65 for the quarter. Our adjusted tax rate improved to 27.2% in Q2 as we are taking steps to enhance the tax efficiency of our businesses and also realized a couple of one-time benefits in the quarter. The benefit of the improved tax rate is partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization, resulting in a net gain of $0.04 for the quarter. We now expect our full year adjusted tax rate to be approximately 29%. Slide 7 summarizes our three regional services businesses, which together produced a growth rate of 6% in fee revenue and 12% in adjusted EBITDA before FX impacts. As Bob mentioned in the regions, our performance this quarter was led by Asia-Pac and EMEA. Asia-Pac posted an 18% increase in fee revenue, with very strong growth in Australia, India, Japan and Singapore. EMEA fee revenue rose 13%, paced by significant gains in the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom, where CBRE’s activity levels continue to rebound strongly from the impact of last year’s Brexit vote. We had a soft quarter in the Americas, with total fee revenue up 1%. A 15% increase in our occupier outsourcing business and a 9% increase in commercial mortgage services helped to offset relatively flat sales and a 6% decline in leasing revenues. Total adjusted EBITDA and operating leverage in the Americas were up modestly. This highlights the strength and diversification of our Americas business. Slide 8 reviews our major global lines of business in Q2. Property sales revenue rose 13%, paced by robust growth in Asia Pacific and EMEA, which grew 45% and 42%, respectively. Asia Pacific saw a strong growth across the region, especially in Greater China, Japan and Singapore. EMEA’s growth was led by the United Kingdom, where sales revenue surged 69%, as well as a broad range of countries, including France, Germany, Italy and The Netherlands. Americas sales revenue edged down 1%, due primarily to a decrease in Canada. Our U.S. sales revenue was up slightly compared with an 8% decrease in the broader investment market according to preliminary estimates from Real Capital Analytics. In Q2, our commercial mortgage services revenue increased by 10%. This business is more stable than property sales, due in part to the recurring revenue generated by our now $154 billion loan servicing portfolio, which is up 16% from Q2 of last year. Leasing revenue slipped 1% globally as growth of 10% in Asia-Pac and 12% in EMEA was offset by weakness in the Americas. Leasing growth was particularly strong in Australia, India, Japan, Belgium, Spain and the United Kingdom. The decrease in the Americas was primarily attributable to Manhattan, where we closed few very large deals, which can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. The Manhattan leasing market remains relatively healthy, and we maintain the leading position in the New York market. Our valuation business achieved solid growth of 7%, fueled by double-digit growth in EMEA, while property management grew fee revenue by 4%. Please turn to Slide 9 regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional services segments. We continue to see steady growth in this business in Q2, with organic fee revenue up 10%. We experienced particularly strong growth in Canada, India, Mexico, Singapore and the United States. The execution of our strategy has created the industry’s premier outsourcing business and is built on the strength of our entire diversified and integrated client offering. This business has grown organically at double-digit annual rates for over a decade, which combined with strategic acquisitions, has enabled a more than 20-fold increase in revenue since 2006. We are pursuing and increasingly winning global, multi-service mandates from major corporations like Adient and Kimberly-Clark. I will expand on our new mandate from Kimberly-Clark, which while being one of many, illustrates CBRE’s differentiated capabilities. Our mandate is to provide transaction and project management services across Kimberly-Clark’s 65 million square foot portfolio of office, manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. For global clients like this, we might lease new offices for them in China, supervise construction in Continental Europe, dispose of surplus manufacturing facilities in Canada and materially reduce facility-related operating expenses globally. We can also provide strategic advice on critically important real estate decisions, such as helping them to optimize their global supply chain or to develop a plan to transform their use of office space to attract top talent. These are examples of our competitive advantages of scale, depth of offerings, broad expertise and ability to provide integrated solutions enabled by technology. Please turn to Slide 10 regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Equity commitment climbed to $9 billion over the past 12 months, reflecting continued strong performance for our clients. AUM in the second quarter rose to $91.7 billion from $88.6 billion a year ago. In local currency, AUM increased by $2.6 billion. Note that our AUM does not yet include the effect of our Caledon Capital acquisition, which we expect to close in the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA declined 6% in Q2 before adjusting for hedging impacts. After adjusting for hedging, Q2 was flat and year-to-date increased 4%. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding our Development Services segment. This business continues to perform very well. Adjusted EBITDA contributions increased to $46.5 million from $18.5 million in Q2 ‘16. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA is almost flat to prior year. We maintain a robust sales pipeline and continue to expect significant gains in the second half. Fee-only projects constitute half of our $6 billion total pipeline. The realization of incentive income in our Development Services business can fluctuate in any given quarter, but the longer term performance has been outstanding. In addition, the business generates meaningful synergies with our services businesses. I should note that our Development Services business, Trammell Crow Company, was named the U.S. Developer of the Year last month by NAIOP, a testament to the quality of our people and operations. Please turn to Slide 12. I will conclude my remarks about the quarter with two brief comments. First, Q2 results again highlight the benefit of our globally diversified business mix. Strong organic growth in EMEA and Asia-Pacific as well as in global occupier outsourcing and capital markets more than offset a decline in transaction revenues in the Americas. This resulted in solid growth and operating leverage in our regional services businesses. Second point I want to make is the strength of the company’s balance sheet and free cash flow. Since acquiring Global Workplace Solutions for $1.5 billion less than 2 years ago, our leverage is essentially flat at 1.3x adjusted EBITDA. Now please to turn to Slide 13 for Bob’s closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. Our people around the world turned in an outstanding performance with earnings per share growth of 25% in the quarter, well ahead of the 10% average for S&P 500 companies that have reported. As I noted earlier, we have increased our outlook for 2017 adjusted EPS to a range of $2.53 to $2.63. At the midpoint of this range, this implies adjusted EPS growth of 12% for the full year. Compared to our prior guidance given in February, we expect our leasing business to be slightly below and our capital markets business to be slightly above our initial expectations for the year. We expect fee revenue growth for our occupier outsourcing business to be 10% or slightly higher. We expect adjusted EBITDA contributions from our Development Services and Investment Management businesses together to be flat to slightly up in 2017 versus our prior expectation of flat to slightly down. Finally, full year margins are now likely to be at the high-end of the previously guided 17.5% to 18% range despite a continued shift in business mix. Our outlook for adjusted EBITDA in the second half of 2017 is little changed from our expectations at the beginning of the year. Our expected benefit from a lower tax rate will be somewhat offset by growth in depreciation and amortization for a net benefit of about $0.02. We expect positive earnings growth in the second half from our regional services businesses and our combined Investment Management and Development Services businesses. We entered the back half of 2017 with a stable global economy and solid fundamentals in most commercial real estate markets. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks and good morning. Can we start with leasing and can you give us some sense as to what’s changed there that’s caused the expectation to come down a bit?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Tony, this is Bob. I think the big thing is large transactions in Manhattan. We had kind of an anomalistic circumstance in the second quarter, where we did less of them than we typically do less of them than we did a year ago. It made for a tough year-over-year compare and it will have some impact on our year. Our assumptions though for the year aren’t changing much, right? It’s a slight change downward. But that’s a really big market and those large transactions have a big impact. So, that’s really what you are seeing there.
Anthony Paolone: If you think about it, just more broadly across the Americas, where just – the world for that matter, you all typically gain share and you have got to cross-sell with your outsourcing business that helps leasing quite a bit. But if you strip that away in Manhattan, like what’s the leasing picture like in the rest of the world?
Bob Sulentic: It’s about like we thought it was. We do benefit a lot from that outsourcing business. A big percentage of the leasing work we do comes from those clients. A lot of the brokers we hire come to us, because they like the ability to work with those clients, which they wouldn’t have otherwise. And so if you take that into account, that’s a constant part of our business, right. It was there last year, it will be there this year and it will be there in the second half of this year. The second quarter Manhattan transaction circumstance will impact the full year, but we expect the leasing market overall to be a little less positive than we thought it was before. Even though the economy is generally doing nicely, there is a couple of things going on. In general, corporations are being very careful about costs. We are doing it and so are the other big corporations around the U.S. and around the world. And secondly, in a few markets, there have been limited circumstances where leases would have otherwise gotten done, but there was inadequate big blocks of space to get them done and so that’s had a bit of an impact. But I would say it’s just a slight turn back from where we thought it was when we last reported.
Anthony Paolone: Alright. Got it. And then in terms of outsourcing, I mean, currency had a big impact and I know, it’s hard to predict currency, but any sense as you look to the next several quarters, if you start to in aggregate anniversary some of that headwind, because it seems like in local currency that business is doing what you guys said it would do?
Jim Groch: Yes. Hey, Tony, this is Jim. Like you said, the FX rates are a little hard to predict. I don’t – as it sits right now, we are not expecting much headwind if any in the second half of the year but we will see where things move from here. But as you also noted, that business, local currency is right on top of what we have projected and maybe even slightly better.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on the development side, you had about $75 million of equity in income. Can you give us any help as to what the comp charge against that was that if you had to move that out of OpEx and look at sort of like the net contribution from those gains?
Jim Groch: Sure, Anthony. So as is always the case, that is mostly income from development. So $65 million of the $75 million is from our development business. And as you probably noticed, the development business, if you are looking at the GAAP reporting shows a loss and you are showing a big gain otherwise and that’s because of the comp expense you noted. The comp associated with that $65 million of gain is just shy of half of that total expense and that’s all – that comp expense is all in the business units. So the best way by far to look at this is just look at the normalized EBITDA that we report on the development business and that takes into account the gains that you are referencing as well as the associated comp expense.
Anthony Paolone: Got it, okay. And last question on the acquisition and M&A environment, can you give us a sense as to just dollars that you have spent so far this year on transactions? And perhaps what – magnitude of what the full year might look like? It seems like you are back in that business.
Jim Groch: We will have some of that in the 10-Q. I don’t have the total number just in front of me. But as we noted, we have seen the market kind of start to return to more rational terms, which we view as very positive and we have had our activity pickup alongside of that. And it’s a little hard to predict even in the second half. We are generally not giving guidance on M&A dollars that we might project coming out, but we are definitely seeing more activity.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, on the occupier outsourcing fee revenue growth guidance of 10% or slightly higher, is that in U.S. dollars or local currency?
Jim Groch: That’s in local currency.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then can you just explain a little bit more of what was the reason for the tax rate change and benefit?
Jim Groch: Sure. So, we are continuing efforts to improve our tax efficiency. We have also had a couple of one-time benefits, but we have – we are estimating that our tax rate for the year will be about 29%. And these tax rates obviously can vary period to period, but we do believe that, that rate will be sustainable over time.
Nick Yulico: And think about the observations you cite here about the global occupier outsourcing, capital markets has more than offset the decline in the Americas transaction revenues in the second quarter. How should we think about this as just kind of where we are in the cycle? I mean, is it – are you just benefiting from kind of a recovery outside the U.S.? And this may continue versus the U.S. perhaps being a little bit lighter from a growth standpoint on the transaction side? Is that kind of how it’s shaping up this year and how – a trend you expect to continue for the remainder of the year?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Nick, the markets outside the U.S. grew more than the U.S. did in the quarter, but secondly, we took considerable market share in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific and that came through in our numbers in a big way. We have hired some very strong people, particularly in Asia and then we have got a great team in Europe that performed quite well in the second quarter. It has performed quite well for the last few quarters, obviously. And so I think you saw the combination of relatively strong markets and strong performance by our team relative to the market in those numbers.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Lamers with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Lamers: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. Maybe – yes, a couple of questions. So I guess I will start with – I know we have touched on it a couple of times here, but just capital markets, mainly just focusing in the Americas. I am wondering even though it is down about 1 point year-over-year, it’s better than what the market overall is seeing. So I am wondering if you can guide as to what’s helping you guys there whether it’s market share gains where you have had some notable headcount additions. Anything there?
Bob Sulentic: Well, yes, Josh, it is market share gains, and the headcount additions are part of those market share gains. The other thing that we’ve talked about several times, and it’s really important to know about our business, a lot of the numbers that you see in the headlines or – excuse me, a lot of our business is not captured in the numbers you see in the headlines. So we do considerable sales business with our occupier brokers, who represent for instance, a tenant that does an acquisition of a building rather than a lease. We do a lot of small asset class sales that don’t get captured in some of the public information RCA did and so forth, and we’ve done quite well in those businesses. So you’ve got in our numbers several things impacting our performance relative to the headline market numbers that you’ve seen out there. That’s been going on for a while. We expect it to continue to go on.
Josh Lamers: Sure, okay. And then maybe just one more. Just on the comment of guiding towards the upper end of the EBITDA margin range, what’s driving that? Is it really maybe first half of the year success in the development business or is there something else we should be aware of?
Jim Groch: The development business had a strong Q2, but actually year-to-date, it’s not quite – it’s almost flat with last year. So, that’s not the driver at all. I would say overall the business is performing really well. We have had margin expansion. But part of what you are seeing in that guidance for the year is that we are getting margin expansion despite even more of a business shift in mix to the contractual business than we started the year. So, it’s a bit maybe even stronger than it looks like on the surface. In fact, it will be at the high end, but that’s in spite of the fact that our business mix continues its year-over-year trend towards more traction.
Josh Lamers: Alright, thanks. That’s all for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Good morning. Just back to that tax issue, I think, Jim, you might have used the words, I guess, sustainable or – I guess I am just trying to understand given the fact that there were some one-time benefits this year, if I look toward next year, are you implying that tax rate likely lower than we have seen historically, but probably higher than this year’s levels? Is that how we should think about it going forward?
Jim Groch: Look, like I said, it’s a little difficult to predict the tax rate quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year, but we do think that 29% guidance that we’re giving for this year is sustainable over time into the future. So we’ve had a bit of improvement in shift in mix of income, i.e., between regions that’s helping us, but also our tax planning and just being more efficient, in general, is helping us and we expect that to continue.
Mitch Germain: Got it. I know in the past, you have – and I think Bob might have just mentioned it as well, RCA doesn’t pickup in your words, all the types of transactions that you guys have done, particularly in the Americas region. So I am curious, was it really more in the – in 2Q, was a bit of a mix issue where you didn’t have as much of that activity or is that activity just as robust as it is and you didn’t have some of the larger trophy trades?
Jim Groch: Yes. In Q2, in the – obviously, our capital markets growth outside of the U.S. was unbelievably strong. But even in the U.S., we picked up market share in both the components that are measured by RCA, right? So we were roughly flat compared to RCA’s numbers of being – the Americas being down about 8%. So it was a significant gain in market share in that component that is measured, but we also believe we had a nice gain in the market share of the component that’s not measured. So on both sides, kind of across the board in our capital markets business, it was strong. The other piece I would mention is net sales, we’re not talking about the mortgage origination and mortgage servicing, which is the other component of our capital markets business and we have a very, very strong recurring business there in mortgage servicing, which has been largely built organically over the last several years, almost a decade, with roughly $165 billion, it’s up 16%, and that’s also providing strong support to the overall capital markets numbers.
Mitch Germain: Great. And then last one for me, I know you have made some – I guess, you referenced two investments and then one equity investment in some technology companies. How do you measure the return of those sort of investments versus a really more traditional transaction-oriented investment?
Jim Groch: Yes. Now, that’s a good question. And obviously, they are different than a traditional infill acquisition. But first, I would say for each of these platform type investments, we are going in, looking for and have very high conviction that we are going to get real tangible value for our clients or our operations serving our clients on these investments. Second point I would make is that these acquisitions are relatively small as compared to kind of the size of the operational impact they can have in a platform like ours. And then lastly, just to be more specific to your question, we do tend down to write those on a cash flow IRR basis and we are pretty conservative on how we look at those investments. But if you take a high-quality SaaS platform that has a really good focused global product, but the kind of leverage we can get on that platform running it through our operations globally can be very significant as compared to relatively small purchase price.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. How would you characterize the tone from investors, institutional investors in commercial real estate? And did you see any changes in deal flow throughout the quarter? For example, we have started to hear about a recent pickup in acquisition activity from investors, who had previously hoped for a pullback in values and now seem to be behind their capital deployment plans. Are you seeing that and would you expect pickup in the second half?
Bob Sulentic: We are – in general, the market is solid. Investors are very interested in commercial real estate around the world and there is a lot of capital. We are not expecting a material change in activity in the second half of the year. The first half of the year was okay. We expect the second half of the year to be okay and that’s kind of what our guidance suggests in our commentary on where we think the sales activity to be for the year.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of a longer term outlook, would you expect the commercial real estate acquisition to remain – activity to remain elevated in 2018 and beyond, maybe get close to the volume averages over the last say 3, 4 years? And if so, what would be the reasons?
Jim Groch: Yes. I would say, the piece that’s most difficult to predict around sales is volumes and it’s particularly hard to predict year-to-year and even quarter-to-quarter. But I think one part that we and the market sometimes miss around volumes in that business is that there is a, we believe, a structural trend over time increasing the volumes of sales in the business and that’s being driven in large part by the fact that the owners who trade real estate are becoming a larger portion of the market. So closed end funds, open end funds, even REITs will do portfolio optimization, turn over 5% to 10% of their portfolio. That body of investors owns well more than twice the percentage of the market that they owned 10 years ago and the rest of the market largely doesn’t trade that much, large families, government, institutions, various types of institutions. So, as we look out over some period of years, we see the opportunity for the volumes to potentially go up quite a bit. But predicting what the volumes will be next year is a little hard. But I think it’s important to understand kind of some of the underlying structural elements that are beginning to hit the business.
Jade Rahmani: And are you seeing any shift in the market with investors looking to sell partial interest, JVs, preferred equity, use mezzanine and other structured finance to avoid property transfer taxes and capitalize some of the gains. And one recent company launched a ground net lease venture, for example, anything in the structured side?
Bob Sulentic: We are always seeing a lot of creativity in the marketplace and our folks are trying to support this kind of activity wherever it takes place. But I am not sure I would say there is a lot more this quarter, for example than last quarter, but there is plenty of creativity in the marketplace and people are looking for new ways to have a bit of an edge.
Jade Rahmani: And just on the commercial mortgage services business. Can you say what proportion of revenues comes from the servicing fees? We appreciate that increased disclosure and it will also help us model and see how recurring those cash flows are, but what proportion is servicing fees? And also is the accounting net of both MSR gains and amortization expense?
Jim Groch: On the MSR gains, I can give you just a little bit of data on that. So that was actually a slight headwind for the quarter. Gains were up roughly $2 million, but they were more than offset by about $7 million of amortization in the quarter. So, that’s $5 million to the negative. We haven’t given information on mortgage services as an overall percentage, but I think we will be looking at trying to provide more transparency on that going forward.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. Can you walk through your rationale for acquiring Caledon Capital? I understand there is overlap on the infrastructure side, but in the private equity piece, it seems to be a bit farther a field than your typical core focus?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, sure. I would be happy to do that. So, to give you a few points, one, we have a listed infrastructure fund. We have a team that’s just finished a really strong 3-year track record, they are in the, I think, top decile, actually. So, we plan to start to build on that product. It’s a nice complement to have that on the private side as well as the public side and we think there will be synergies between the teams and the expertise. Also on the real asset side, it’s a nice product to be alongside of our real estate platform. And lastly, this group in particular is based out of Canada, has very strong relationships with the large institutions there and we see some synergies there as we bring capital – clients to their business and we can introduce other products to their clients. And then they just – they have a great team. It was a very strong cultural fit. So overall, that’s the strategic rationale.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then are there any metrics that you could share about the progress you are making in cross-selling Global Workplace Solutions clients? Has that started – as you have finished the integration, has that started to meaningfully change?
Bob Sulentic: We are actively working with those clients that came on with the GWS acquisition from JCI on a full service basis. One of the things we are aggressively working with them on now is transactions and that is impacting our business in a positive way. We don’t have separate metrics that we publish for the transaction work we do for those clients.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then is there – are there one or two areas that you would call out specifically that are helping for the margin – for your – that influenced your margin guidance moving to the high-end for 2017? Thank you very much.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have had this cost containment program that we have had in place that ended sometime ago that we commented on, that’s impacted our margins this year and we are actively continuing to manage cost around the business. That’s helping us a lot. That came through in our numbers in all three regions. And while the formal program is over, we have got a real focus on cost management, because we think that’s what creates the opportunity for us to continue to invest in our strategy. So, that’s really what you are seeing come through there, David.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Sulentic, there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the floor back to you for any final comments.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - Investor Relations Robert Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer James Groch - Chief Financial Officer Gil Borok - Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Jason Weaver - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Jade Rahmani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Co. LLC David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Steve Iaco with Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and it is posted on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. This call is being webcast through the Investor Relations page of our website. This page you can find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our first quarter 2017 earnings release furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at sec.gov. During this presentation, we may refer to certain statement non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of the presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participants on the call this morning are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I want to note that as we announced two weeks ago Brad Burke will join us from Goldman Sachs in early June as Head of Investor Relations. Brad is well known to most of you and he will make an excellent addition to our team. I will be working with Brad to hand over my primary IR duties to him over time and following a transition period will focus more fully on the Company's Corporate Communications. Until Brad is on Board I will remain your primary IR contact. Now please turn to Slide 4, as Bob discusses our first quarter performance.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our financial performance in the first quarter continues to reflect strong operating momentum and the growing advantages we hold in the marketplace. Those of you who have been following CBRE closely know that we've been focused for some time on a strategy to make CBRE or more balanced and capable enterprise that produces highly differentiated outcomes for our clients. In support of this strategy we have made targeted organic investments and acquisitions aimed at bolstering our talent base, service offering, and operating platform. These investments have allowed us to significantly improve our ability to provide integrated solutions for our clients around the world as well as improving our digital and consultative capabilities. All of this is positioned us to better satisfy or clients and take market share. This was clearly evident in our first quarter results with excellent top and bottom line organic growth across our regional services businesses globally. This growth came against the backdrop of lower sales market volumes in many parts of the world. Our earnings were further enhanced by the steps we took in late 2015 and in 2016 to calibrate our costs while also investing in our strategy. While we are always mindful not to read too much in the first quarter performance CBRE is in a strong competitive position and we are intent on further pressing our advantages for the benefit of our clients, shareholders and employees. Now, Jim will take you through our first quarter results in detail.
James Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to Slide 5. As Bob indicated CBRE had a very strong quarter. Let me start with three highlights. First, Q1 growth was almost entirely organic this is being achieved in an overall market where global sales transaction volumes were down. Second, we increased our margin to 15.8% in Q1 2017 and grew adjusted EPS by 19% with high quality earnings. Third, we continue to be highly disciplined in our approach to both recruiting and M&A. Since late 2015, we have repeatedly noted that M&A and recruiting had become pricey and less disciplined just as the industry was beginning to experience lower market transaction volumes. The market had moved away from our long stated five to six times EBITDA multiple for infill M&A. During this period, we shifted our focus to small highly strategic non-traditional acquisitions. This allowed us to strengthen our platform to support organic growth, create balance sheet capacity for future M&A, and maintain a high teens return on invested capital. Continuing this trend year to date, we have acquired three modest in size, but highly strategic enterprises. Two are leading SaaS software platforms and the third is the technology enabled national financing platform. All three provide operating leverage and enhance our clients' offerings. I should note that we are now beginning to see early hopeful signs of greater discipline around M&A in the market. With regard to recruiting and retention, our disciplined approach is working. Top professionals are continuing to elect to join CBRE and remain with us because our operating platform scale brand and ability to deliver integrated solutions enabled them to do more for their clients. Please turn to Slide 6. All growth rate percentages cited throughout this presentation are in local currency unless stated otherwise. Our results for the quarter were strong. Gross revenue and fee revenue both rose 7% to $3 billion and $1.9 billion respectively. Virtually all of our growth was organic providing continued clear evidence of gains and market share. EBITDA increased 21% to $307 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 7% to $303 million both in U.S. dollars. This growth was particularly impressive considering EBITDA contributions from our Development Services business were down sharply as expected due to timing of gains and incentives. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.8% on fee revenue improved 40 basis points from Q1 2016. Adjusted earnings per share in U.S. dollars increased 19% to $0.43 for the quarter driven by strong performance in the Regional Services businesses. The benefit of a lower tax rate was more than offset by the reduced gains from our Development Services segment. Please turn to Slide 7 regarding the results for our three Regional Services businesses which exhibited broad strength in Q1. Combined they achieved 7% growth in fee revenue and 19% growth in adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue for our Regional Services segments was 15.2%, up 180 basis points from Q1 2016. Note that the impact of cost savings is particularly pronounced in our latest quarter. In addition, Q1 2016 also included approximately $9 million of expense in cost of goods sold that did not recur in Q1 2017. The Americas are our largest business segment posted fee revenue growth of 5%, while EMEA and Asia Pacific posted fee revenue growth of 10% and 8% respectively. Virtually all the growth was organic. In Asia Pacific growth was particularly strong in Greater China, India, and Singapore while Germany, Spain, and Switzerland set the pace for CBRE in EMEA. In the United Kingdom overall fee revenue rose 9% with solid growth across virtually all business lines. Growth of 9% in leasing and 5% in sales reflect a continued improvement in market sentiment following the Brexit vote and our market share gains. Strong organic growth coupled with our proactive cost elimination program which ended in Q3 2016 once again led to significant operating leverage in each of the three Regional Services businesses. In U.S. dollars, adjusted EBITDA increased 18% in the Americas, 22% in EMEA and 58% in Asia Pacific. After removing the effect of all foreign currency movements including prior year hedging on a year-to-year comparison, the adjusted EBITDA growth rates were 18% in the Americas, 39% in EMEA, and 10% in Asia Pacific. Please turn to Slide 8 for a review of our major global lines of business in Q1. As already noted, all figures are in local currency unless stated otherwise. Occupier outsourcing produced fee revenue growth of 9%. Emblematic of the strong gains this business is making internationally, we achieved notable growth in Canada, India, Spain and the United Kingdom, among other countries. Our capital markets property sales and commercial mortgage services continue to perform very well producing 8% revenue growth on a combined basis. Commercial mortgage services grew at a double-digit clip, with revenue up 14% for the quarter. Our loan volume growth in Q1 was driven by increased originations with life insurance companies. Our loan servicing portfolio ended Q1 at approximately $150 billion, up about $18 billion or 14% from the year earlier quarter. Property sales revenue increased 6%, despite as Bob mentioned a notable slowdown in global market volumes, especially in the United States. EMEA sales revenue increased 16%, aided by robust growth in France, Spain and Switzerland. Asia-Pac revenues dipped 4% improved performance in greater China and Singapore was offset by a decline in Japan, which had an exceptionally strong Q1 of 2016 when sales rose by 67%. The Americas saw sales revenue rise by 6%, posted by significant gains in Canada. Revenue growth of 2% in the U.S. stood in stark contrast with a 13% market volume decline as reported by real capital analytics. CBRE ticked up a 130 basis points of market share according to RCA. It is also important to note that we completed more than 1,900 sales transactions in the U.S. in Q1. Of these, less than half are captured in RCA statistics as the remaining fall outside of their parameters for deal size, property type and user versus investor sales. This reflects the broad base with our service offering around property sales. Leasing revenue rose 4% globally in Q1. It is important to note that our growth of 1% in the U.S. was on top of a very strong growth of 20% in the U.S. in Q1 2016. Leasing for both Asia-Pac and EMEA recorded double-digit growth. We continue to have good momentum in our leasing business. Property management and valuation achieved solid growth for the quarter, fueled by double-digit increases in both business lines in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Please turn to Slide 9, regarding our Occupier Outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional services segments. Fee revenue increased 9% in the quarter for our Occupier Outsourcing business. We achieved solid organic growth in all three regions as our value proposition has been materially strengthened by the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition. Notably with the integration largely complete, we are now fully focused on the delivery of great client outcomes and the growth that naturally follows from high client satisfaction. This business maintained an active new business pipeline in Q1, highlighted by 52 contract expansions. Overseas, contract activity was brisk with 17 total contracts in EMEA and 12 in Asia-Pacific. 16 total contracts were signed in the global health care sector, most of them reflecting expanded service scope for hospital systems in our client portfolio. International markets and the health care sector remain fertile growth opportunities that are particularly well suited to CBRE's scale, broad capabilities and collaborative culture. Please turn a Slide 10, regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Again all percentage increases are in local currency unless stated otherwise. Adjusted EBITDA rose to $26 million for Q1 2017, up 19% in local currency or 13% after removing all effects in both the years of foreign currency. Revenue was up 3%. Carried interest totaled $3.3 million, compared with less than $2 million in the year-ago quarter, as a management fees were relatively flat. It should be noted that currency translation continues to have a pronounced impact on the results for this business has approximately 60% of the assets under management, excluding securities is denominated in euro and British pound sterling. The weakness of the sterling continued to constrain growth of AUM when measured in U.S. dollars. AUM totaled $86.5 billion, up $900 million in local currency from Q1 2016. However, when measured in U.S. dollars, AUM decreased by $3.2 billion. The capital raising environment remains healthy and our business continues to attract significant capital from investors due to the strong performance of its investment programs. Equity commitments for the trailing 12-month ended in Q1 2017 rose to $8.4 billion. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding our Development Services segment. As we had anticipated EBITDA contributions from this business decline dramatically from $31.9 million in Q1 of 2016 to $2.8 million. The reduce contributions are a matter of timing of asset sales. Development Services has a continued strong flow of assets being brought to the market and we expect to realize significant gains in the back half of the year. Projects in process total $5.9 billion, down $1.2 billion from Q1 2016 while our pipeline increased by $2 billion to $5.1 billion. More than half of the pipeline is for fee only projects, which typically do not include co-investment were promoted interests. Please turn to Slide 12. Before I turn the call back to Bob, I'd like to emphasize two points regarding our performance in Q1. First, our Regional Services businesses had another outstanding quarter with 7% growth in fee revenue and 19% growth in adjusted EBITDA both on local currency. Second, growth in the last two quarters was almost exclusively organic. This reflects the success of our integration of Global Workplace Solutions and our ability to drive market share gains in our transaction businesses. Now please turn to Slide 13 for Bob's closing remarks.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Jim. We are pleased with the excellent performance our people produced in the first quarter. As we look ahead we're increasingly energized about our market position and prospects. We operate in a sector with attractive underlying growth dynamics. The global economy continues to grow at a modest clip and commercial real estate market fundamentals remain sound. This is a generally favorable macro environment for CBRE. Our business has positive momentum and our people supported by our increasingly robust operating platform are well-positioned to capitalize on this environment. At the same time it is important to remember that the first quarter is typically our seasonally lightest quarter for revenue and earnings and the impact of our cost savings actions is particularly pronounced this quarter. As always we caution against extrapolating first quarter performance to the full-year and we are not updating the guidance only three months into the year. With that operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks, good morning and nice quarter. My first question is on the OpEx which was down year-over-year and I think you're mentioned just you guys had a magnified impact from cost savings? Can just talk about more specifically how to think about that number over the rest of the year like is it something that should still be down year-over-year in the coming quarters or was the first quarter just skewed?
James Groch: Hi, Tony, it's Jim. I don't think the OpEx was actually down, but the growth - but it was not very much and what we're saying is we will continue to see the benefit from our cost savings effort that they were all eventually just with such a small quarter Q1 being the smallest quarter of the year at the same dollar amount as a bigger impact in Q1 and as in Q2.
Anthony Paolone: So I guess if I'm looking at the income statement $606 million against last year maybe last year had some items and I guess you make the adjustments to the $606 to get your adjusted EPS, but I mean it seems still pretty flat or at the very least even if I guess make those adjustments. So I know there's some variable costs in that so that will move as the year progresses, but is the general idea of being you know even flat year-over-year the way to think about it?
James Groch: No, the adjusted is about $10 million, but I don't think you can necessarily assume that OpEx won't be up in the next few quarters especially just dealing with larger quarters.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on the outsourcing business, I know there's a bit of a drag from FX in EMEA. In the past you've talked about that being a - basically a double-digit business seems like it's been trending more in local currency in the high single-digit business. Is that just mix or just the ebb and flow of it or should we think of that as kind of being down a little bit from where you had been trending last couple years?
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Tony, this is Bob. What we said for this year was that we expected that business to grow give or take 10%, but that we expected the growth to be skewed toward the back half of the year. Reason being is that we came out of a very intense integration over the last 15 months and the focus was integration getting those accounts and those customer relationships where we wanted to get them et cetera, et cetera less than typically focused on growth. Obviously that integration as Jim commented in his remarks is largely behind us now and the focus has returned to more normal things including growth, so we expect - the day you shift that focus, the growth doesn't show up. So we expected our growth to be more back end loaded this year. We were really quite happy with the first quarter growth that 9%.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. I understand. Can you give us an outlook or any updated views on how you're seeing things progress on the leasing side particularly in the U.S.?
Robert Sulentic: Yes. I mean leasing isn't growing the way it was in some prior years, but as it relates specifically to our first quarter, one thing we keep in mind is that last year we grew 20% in the first quarter, so that was a pretty tough compare and we grew a little bit this year. In general though we haven't changed our view as to what we think will happen with leasing for the full-year and I think we said mid-to-high single-digit growth and we still think of it the same way.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just last question, it seems like two of the three acquisitions you noted were technology oriented and it seems like over the last year or two that's been a focus. Are those - do you think about those and the capital deployed into those kinds of investments being like historically what you would do where there would be some multiple on EBITDA or these more technology oriented investments strategic or don't have really earnings or these profitable companies like how to think about those things?
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Tony, Jim is going to answer that, but before he does, I want to correct what I just said. We didn't say mid-to-high single-digit leasing growth, we said mid single-digit leasing growth. So I just want to make sure that I've corrected that. Jim you want to hit that.
James Groch: Sure. And Tony also on the - just coming back to your first question on OpEx. OpEx for our three Regional Services businesses was up about 2%, when you look at on a consolidated basis, the material impact is the development business is down so much and the comp expense that goes with that brought down OpEx on a consolidated basis. As far as your question on the M&A, even technology deals can look radically different one from one to another, some are profitable operating businesses with certain growth rate others are in a really steep ramp up where there are still unprofitable. So we look at those businesses one by one. And we are really looking at this kind of cash flow over a range of assumptions to underwrite the value of the business.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Mitch Germain: Good morning, guys. Bob, I think you mentioned the JCI integration was basically complete and I guess kind of looking back over the past year plus how did that integration go relative to the timeline that you guys internally establish in terms of your expectations?
Robert Sulentic: The integration moved through the timeline roughly as we had expected. Mitch it was harder work than we thought. We always tend to underestimate those things. This integration had 16,000 people in 50 countries and lots of clients, so it was hard. But it was very successful and it was successful on the timeline that we had expected it to be. And one of the really nice things we're seeing now is - we are seeing visibly and we measure this. It's really important to know we measure this. We are seeing visibly improving scores with our clients that we acquired in that transaction from where those clients where when we acquire the business, which is what enabling us to continue to be confident at the growth in that business will sustain and pickup as year moves on. And we often get questions about cross-selling. And you know we've been reticent to talk at all about cross-selling into those clients, while we were going to that integration because it was all about doing great work form on what they've hired us to do to-date. We're starting to see some of that opportunity become available to us. So we're feeling pretty darn good about it.
Mitch Germain: Great, that's very helpful. With regards to your attitude toward hiring, I know that we've spoken in the past that some of your competitors benefit aggressive with regards to what the pay packages and commissions structures they're offering and I'm curious have you seen that mitigate at all and maybe just in general what your attitude is toward hiring for across the board for your platform?
Robert Sulentic: So we have been through a period both in terms of hiring and acquisitions were and Jim's commented on this pretty regularly where we thought things got a little frothy for lack of a better term. We decided to remain [don't] disciplined during that period and we're really glad we did, by the way I think it's clearly showing up in our numbers. But we still on the hiring side, Mitch hired 100 of brokers net of departures last year. If you look at our departures relative to the headcount we have particularly among our senior brokerage ranks, they're very, very low compared to our turnover in almost any other part of the business and frankly compared to turnover in almost any part of any major business. And there's a reason for that, and the reason for that is that we have a business that includes our operating platform, our brand, our clients, our global network that allows the brokers to come here or stay here and generate considerably more volume than they can generate elsewhere. So through all of what was made the headlines particularly last year, we had a great year for recruiting. We had a great year for retention and that has continued into this year. Now our net recruiting numbers through the first quarter of this year are a lot like they were last year, which are strong relative to long-term historic metrics, but down from 2014 and 2015.
Mitch Germain: Great, that's helpful. And then last question for me. I think more looking at the investment sales markets and I know RCA data had implied a pretty slow start to the year with an acceleration in March and I'm curious if that was consistent with what you saw from your customers and then how you feel about the pipeline as they sit today?
Robert Sulentic: Well, we haven't changed our outlook for the year on what we think will happen with investment sales. We saw a different result than the market saw in that business during the first quarter. And I think that was a result of taking market share, but I think the general trends you described over the course of the quarter were a reasonable reflection and we expect to continue to take market share throughout this year and end up the year with good solid performer in that business. And it is worth noting that while the capital markets in investment sales in general are down from where they were particularly in 2015 and before. 2016 and so far this year by historical measures are still pretty good and there is a massive amount of - at our capital, but wants to be in commercial real estate for a bunch of reasons, notably you do get cash flow, fundamentals are strong, rents are in good shape, vacancies are in good shape, there's pressure to grow in many markets. As you've heard from us in our competitors, it's not a loose market for construction loans, which means there's not going to be a lot of new product coming on and there's not a lot of new product in the pipeline, which means that you should see fundamentals remain strong. By the way that's really good news for our development business. So we think it's going to be a solid year for investment sales, but it's not going to be crazy growth like we saw in some prior years.
Mitch Germain: Great. That's helpful. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Weaver of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead sir.
Jason Weaver: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. In the investment management business I know AUM was up in local currency, but I'm curious how you describe the capital raising environment and what your investors are thinking about the stage of the cycle?
James Groch: Yes, capital rising has been very, very strong for us and I would say continues to be on a fairly consistent basis. We are seeing maybe as that investor just being careful and thinking about where they're investing in aware of the fact that were we've been in a slow but longer economic recovery than prior cycles that this cycle feels a bit different, but the flows of capital into our investment management business you know have continued quite strong. I think we've mentioned we've raised $8.4 billion of equity in the last you know trailing 12 months which is pretty consistent with what we've been doing on average for the last few years.
Jason Weaver: That's helpful. In the Commercial Mortgage Services business can you characterize what you see is driving the growth in your origination volumes there is it the sort of a retreat of banks and general depositories in that market?
Robert Sulentic: Well, life companies are strong in the GSCs where we have a big market share or very active. And while the sale of multi-family is off in the first quarter. Refinancing or strong in our business so those things have played well for our mortgage origination business because we're very active in those markets.
Jason Weaver: Okay. In just one more for me also on the commercial mortgage business, can you tell us the approximate split between big gain from MSR and just the gain on sale volume that you saw there?
James Groch: Yes, so just specifically EBITDA from MSR gains increased $3.7 million for the quarter that was a little more than offset by incremental related amortization of $5 million. So that the net impact for us on the quarter in pretax income was $1.3 million.
Jason Weaver: Okay. Thank you very much.
James Groch: That's down negative impact of $1.3 million.
Jason Weaver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the investment sales business the market share gains are you taking market share from a certain strata of competitor? Is it coming in from the top five players or is it really just smaller say the bottom 20 player's smaller firms where either you're hiring folks out of those smaller regional or local firms or they're just not able to compete and an environment where execution certainty is that a premium?
Robert Sulentic: Good Jade. We did a nice job in the first quarter across or investment sales business and it's really important to note and Jim in his comment made the point on the lot of volume of transactions we do. There's a significant number of those captured in that RCA data but over half of them aren't and so we have an active business we believe we grew market share across the spectrum of what we do I wouldn't want to say it's at the expense any one group of competitors because we don't have great insight into other than what's published for everybody to see on RCA we don't have great insight into what individual competitors do. And we also don't read too much into one quarter, but I would say the efforts that we're making across our capital markets business both on the loan origination side and the investment sale side across the full spectrum of investment sales performed quite well around the world in the first quarter and probably in most places we took market share.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of the RCA data is there a predominant category of your deals that are not showing up is it because of the size of the deals or the nature of the projects?
Robert Sulentic: There's a variety of category say the largest category is that RCA doesn't track sales by users as opposed to investors. So we do with our large corporate business we do a lot of work for companies that are buying real estate for their own use. So those don't show up. There are some that don't show up for size. There are some that don't show up for products. So for example, they don't track land sales and we've got a large land sales business. So it's kind of a number of different categories.
Jade Rahmani: And what percentage of sales historically have been from users as opposed to investors?
Robert Sulentic: I don't think we've broken that down. It's less than half. We noted RCAs volume caught about less than half of our total transactions. They've captured more on a value of the transactions because they're capturing obviously more of the larger institutional deals, although that's somewhat offset by the fact smaller deals tend to have larger commissions. So from a revenue standpoint they're missing a decent chunk of that revenue that comes to us from that business.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of the broker headcount, can you give some color on year-over-year percentage growth in the first quarter?
James Groch: We don't give that Jade, but what we said if you remember, if you want back to 2014 and 2015, we talked about several hundred brokers net, so we track very closely not only the number of brokers we hire, we track the departures, we track the production of both groups. And we talked about in 2014 and 2015 several hundred brokers net, we talked about the volume slowing down by third or so last year that's been similar this year. I can tell you that the average production of the inbound brokers is larger than the average production of the outbound brokers. By the way this is another one of the things that I think is showing up pretty clearly in our numbers, but we don't give those percentages specifically.
Jade Rahmani: On the investment management business, what drove the reversal of the carried interest comp and can you say in what quarter that was previously booked?
James Groch: So we've just were carried into - GAAP requires that we recognized comp expense associated with an incentive that we expect to get. So we'll assess the fund that maybe we'll run through the numbers on a fund and assess that we've get in carried interest two years from now that we think is going to be a certain amount. The GAAP requires us to book the comp expense which is significant at the time that we're making that estimate. We adjust all of our adjustments in that area that you're asking about is to try to align the comp expense with the timing of when we realize this incentive gains. So when we're reversing an expense like we did in this quarter, it can be from a number of different quarters - if you look back over the last few years, we made adjustments in the other direction. So it's just - that's all it is, it's just to simply match the comp expense with the timing that we actually realize the income from carried interest.
Jade Rahmani: Does it reflect any reduction in the amount of carried interest or the gain that you expect to generate?
James Groch: Anytime we're making an adjustment up or down it's because we're reassessing a carried interest out into the future as compared to the time that we last made that judgment call, so yes.
Jade Rahmani: I just wanted to ask about the retail sector and if you view it as an opportunity or a risk, in terms of transaction volumes for example, are you seeing an increase in deal flow or dispositions from large retailers for example, are you seeing space repositioning deals. And then in management consulting, is there an opportunity to either bolster capabilities or develop potential productivity targeted initiatives toward helping advise retailers on improving their business?
James Groch: Jade, first of all, I want to put retail in perspective. It is a very important business to us and we have a substantial network across the country, but it is less than 10% of our Americas revenues. Change is a good thing for us in general when people are growing and adding space that's good, when people are exiting spaces and looking for people offload into that's good. So retail is a good business for us, it has been a good business, continues to be a good business, it's not dominant in our numbers. What we're seeing is a couple trends. Number one, anything that has to do with experience retail food and beverage oriented stuff is in fact quite active. Secondly, anything that's tends to be in and around these were live, play type areas in major cities, the more urban areas is really active and doing well. So we expect that to continue throughout the year. We expect to change to continue. Obviously, e-commerce is having a big impact on that. We do have the opportunity to be consultants to the retailers that we work for and we get called on to do that fairly regularly, that's part of what we do as well. But that's a good solid business for us and we expect that to continue.
Jade Rahmani: And finally just what do you think is the reason behind the expected acceleration in occupier outsourcing growth in the second half of the year?
Robert Sulentic: Well, the market - we believe broadly speaking, the market opportunity is the same in the first half and the second half. What happen with us and what we talked about was, we spent the last 15 to 18 months integrating probably the most complex acquisition in the history of our sector, certainly the largest by headcount and certainly the largest by the number of different countries that were involved. And so when you're in that mode, you're filling your pipeline less than you normally would because you're focused on executing existing business is being integrated. So what you're seeing early this year is still the result of us being focused on that integration as we get later into the year. You're seen a reflection of us having turned more and more late last year and early this year to going on off, hence to growing the business and that's what's being reflected, there not a change in the market.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brandon Dobell of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell: Thanks. Jim, maybe one for you to start, as you think about the balance of the year in the mortgage brokerage business, both the agency and non-agency business, anything that we should be aware of either relative to the pace of last year's volumes or change in mix those kinds of things that we need to remember as we think about Q2, Q3, and Q4 modeling wise or just what the OpEx of growth look like out of that business?
James Groch: Sure. Thanks Brandon. I guess I would start with some on the agency side. Both agencies have caps that are roughly similar to what they had last year. Our expectation is both will meet their caps. There is a little more room in the caps around some item, some types of loans that aren't subject to the caps or housing green projects. But all-in-all, our expectation is, it will be another strong year. Our loan volume was down modestly with the GSTs from last year, but I think that's just a matter of timing between quarters. Our volume with Freddie was down a little bit. Our volume with Fannie was up a bit. So the real strength for us in Q1 was driven by the life insurance companies. The numbers quarter-to-quarter can move around a bit with the agencies in particular, but overall we expect it to be in another solid year.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then think a little bit about some of the OpEx questions and dynamics at the outset of the call. How is the JCI or GWS integration played into some of those dynamics or recognize there are some kind of discrete cost management programs, but is there is still some benefit to come from the integration and how that's reduced the cost structure and how we past that and really just cost in the more depend on what you guys do from kind of discrete perspective?
James Groch: Yes, I think we're largely through the benefit of the synergies from within that deal and as we noted we're done our integration and normalization of any remaining cost to be done next quarter. So I think most of that benefit is really flow through now.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. In the UK, as you look at both investment sales as well as leasing in the quarter, but I guess also more important to the pipeline, how do we think about the mix of the various property types that just see transacting or what the pipeline looks like relative to what it looks like last year, especially kind of pre and post Brexit or you see any notable differences in especially office or maybe even retail in the UK for help people are - owners and occupiers are deal with the stuff?
James Groch: Well, industrial is strong Brandon, and in general the UK is making a nice comeback. I mean we are seeing good activity there. I think we had a recent survey of clients that showed that London once again was the favored destination for international capital among all major markets around the world. So I would say positive trends and nothing about what's going on with the Brexit situation are giving us major concerns now, and if I were to spike out a property type, it would be industrial for particularly good news.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then follow-on for me on producer headcount, I guess both EMEA and the U.S. given the M&A environment seems to be a little bit easier. Has that impacted how you guys think about what the right level of kind of outgoing churn or attrition within the producer ranks should be? Or has it changed what those - what that attrition looks like in any other notable direction in the past couple quarters?
Robert Sulentic: Hey, Brandon. I want to make sure we're understanding your question. Are you saying that because we think the opportunity to do infill M&A maybe getting better again, i.e. the discipline in the market is such that we would be interested in deals given current pricing more than we were last year that we would correspondingly reduce our efforts to recruit.
Brandon Dobell: But I guess I was also referring to maybe the idea that the M&A environment is getting easier, do you see your producers having an easier time, look at outside CBRE going elsewhere?
Robert Sulentic: No. I think the M&A environment doesn't impact our producers much one way or another. Really the number one overwhelming thing that impacts the producers decision particularly producers decision to stay is whether or not they think the opportunity here long-term is better than it is elsewhere. Yes, the signing bonuses have an impact, but when you look at the total number of producers we have and when you look at the top ranks of producers. The headlines don't match up with reality. The huge overwhelming number of our people look at the circumstance and say over time, where can I do better? Where can I serve my clients better? Where can I do more business and where do I feel comfortable with the culture and the colleagues in all of those things? And the M&A environment doesn't change that much. Yes, the recruiting environment out there does change that a little, but that's on the margin. On the whole, if you look at the numbers, it's all about what we have to offer our producers and that's going quite well.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Anthony Paolone with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. Just in terms of income statement geography, the integration costs adjustment and the carried interest adjustments were those - where would we make those adjustments, are they're on cost services or OpEx?
James Groch: Yes, they're mostly going to go through OpEx.
Anthony Paolone: Both of them go through OpEx.
James Groch: Yes.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then I think tax rate in the quarter was around 29%. I think you guided to say 32 for the year, is that still - how it's going to go?
James Groch: Yes, we're not updating guidance. But we'll take another look at that in Q2, but the numbers you quoted were that were the numbers that we guided too. We are continuing fall in there GWS acquisition. We continue to rationalize entities. Sometimes we can get certain benefits release, tax benefits released as we rationalize entities. So we're doing continued work in that area, but no update yet on that.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then last question, did you buyback any stock in the first quarter and how are you thinking about that right now?
James Groch: We did not buyback any stock in the first quarter and we spec ultimately execute on the authorization given by the board, but we've not set any buybacks yet.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: We actually do have time for another question. Our next question is coming from David Ridley-Lane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning. I just had a question on - in the capital markets business whether or not you've seen whining and [did our] spreads or any hesitation on the part of buyers? Thank you.
Robert Sulentic: We haven't seen much impact on pricing David, maybe a just very bit on the timing impact on cap rates and prices. We have seen some slowdown in the velocity related to getting deals done. And that's really where we seeing the impact. Any time there's uncertainty about where the markets headed you get that. But again you saw our numbers, it was our first quarter this year was more active than our first quarter last year and well midyear is the equal of 2015 lot of volume, both years we did 1,900 deals in the first quarter.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood, and then on sort of a similar question on leasing particularly around EMEA. Is that any sort of incremental hesitancy on the part of occupiers to find leases, particularly in the UK maybe?
Robert Sulentic: No, I don't think there's incremental hesitancy. I think you look businesses around, we're in a slow growth environment, but we're in a growth environment. So businesses don't feel that need to secure space to make sure it's there to accommodate lots of future growth, but they do rational levels of leasing to keep pace with their modest growth and that's exactly what we're seeing in the marketplace. We're seeing a lot of financial rigor by companies that's why everybody has good balance sheets. That's one of the reasons we think the expansion has a chance to run for a while. And we're pretty happy with that dynamic and it's playing out nicely for us and it's playing out nicely in our numbers without being radical.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Sulentic for any closing comments.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks for being with us everyone and we'll talk to you at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. Today teleconference has concluded. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - Investor Relations Bob Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer Gil Borok - Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jade Rahmani - KBW Brandon Dobell - William Blair Mitch Germain - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Iaco with Investor Relations.
Steve Iaco: Thank you and welcome to CBRE’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. This release is posted on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. There, you can also find a presentation slide deck that you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at sec.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of the presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on the call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Now please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning everyone. We ended 2016 on a high note. CBRE recorded double-digit adjusted earnings growth for the fourth quarter and the year with excellent performance in all three regional services businesses. These results are particularly noteworthy in a year of generally softer market-wide property sales volumes, virtually no carried interest income and tepid global economic growth. We set new records for the company in 2016 with more than $13 billion of revenue and nearly $1.6 billion of adjusted EBITDA. Credit for this belongs to our more than 75,000 professionals around the globe who are deeply committed to producing great outcomes for our clients, day in and day out. In addition to achieving record financial performance, very importantly, we continued to advance our strategy. This strategy centers around delivering exceptional outcomes to our clients. Our people and the operating platform that supports them are the key elements to delivering these outcomes. Both advanced materially in 2016 and the impact is showing up in our results. CBRE is in a stronger competitive position than ever. A good example of the strategic gains we made in 2016 is the work we did integrating the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, one of the largest and quite possibly, the most complex in the history of our sector. This effort involved massive client-facing line of business and back office transformations. The result of having largely completed this very challenging work is that our occupier outsourcing business is much larger, much more capable of producing strong client outcomes and well positioned for strong, long-term growth. We now serve clients with employees on the ground in over 100 countries. We remain riveted on sustaining our progress with particular focus on areas such as technology and data analytics, where we can capitalize on the expertise and vast amounts of information we possess. For example, last month, we acquired Floored, a leading software-as-a-service platform that produces scalable interactive 3D visualization technologies for commercial real estate. Clients should expect continued visible advancements from us in the technology area. Now, Jim will take you through our financial results in detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to Slide 5. As Bob indicated, CBRE had very strong performance in 2016. Let me start with three highlights. First, we achieved double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in 2016 for the company overall and for each of our regional services businesses. Second, our 17.9% margin of adjusted EBITDA on fee revenue exceeded the 17% target we established at the beginning of the year. This is especially noteworthy given the inclusion in 2016 of full year of contractual fee revenue from our acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions. Third, in 2016, we achieved a 17.8% return on invested capital. Please turn to Slide 6 for a more detailed look at our full year results. In 2016, revenue rose 20% to $13.1 billion. Fee revenue increased 13% to $8.7 billion. Organic fee revenue growth was 5% in local currency, excluding contributions from all acquisitions. This is noteworthy in a year where sales and leasing volumes in the overall market declined. Adjusted EBITDA rose 10% to $1.6 billion or 13%, excluding the impact of currency movement and hedging. Adjusted EPS was up 12% to $2.30 a share or up 15%, excluding the impact of currency movement and hedging. Full year adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion excludes $78.5 million for the cost elimination program that ended in Q3 2016 and $125.7 million of integration costs related to the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, including $52.2 million that occurred in Q4. The benefits of our cost-elimination program will be evident when we review our fourth quarter margins. Regarding integration costs, prior to year end, we separated most of the legacy back office support from the prior owner of the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. We anticipate being completely separated from all such support over the next few months and ending integration-related adjustments to EBITDA from this acquisition by second quarter of 2017. To reiterate, the only material adjustment to EBITDA in Q4 was for the integration of our large acquisition and this charge will end in Q2. Please turn to Slide 7. We continue to take a prudent approach to both recruiting and M&A activity. For 2016, we added hundreds of producers globally net of departures, but our overall recruitment level was down from the past few years. We have remained disciplined in underwriting recruitment opportunities at a time when we view some competitors as offering uneconomic terms. Similarly, we invested in only four infill M&A deals in 2016. As we have said on prior calls, valuations in the market deviated from our underwriting standards over the past several quarters. We continue to have a robust M&A pipeline, but are willing to step aside when terms do not meet our standards. We continue to invest in technology and data analytics. As Bob noted, we made another acquisition in this space just last month. In addition, we invest – continue to invest in internal data and technology initiatives that will help our people deliver value for our clients. Our balance sheet remains highly flexible. We have no required debt repayments until 2019. We ended 2016 with more than $3.5 billion of available liquidity, including nearly $700 million of cash and $2.8 billion of undrawn capacity on our revolver credit facility. At year end, net debt was 1.2x adjusted EBITDA. Please turn to Slide 8 for a look at full year revenue growth by line of business. Occupier outsourcing revenue rose 55% in local currency to $6.1 billion, while fee revenue increased 62% in local currency to $2.3 billion. The growth rate was 14% for both revenue and fee revenue without contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Leasing revenue reached $2.7 billion, up 7% in local currency. Our capital markets business, property sales and mortgage services totaled $2.3 billion in revenue, reflecting 5% growth in local currency. Our business mix continued to shift towards more recurring revenue, with contractual fee revenue comprising approximately 42% of total fee revenue for the company, up from 37% in 2015. Now please turn to Slide 9 as we shift our focus from full year to Q4 financial results. All references for the remainder of this presentation are in local currency, unless stated otherwise and references to currency movement include the impact, if any from hedging. Fee revenue in Q4 increased 6% to $2.7 billion. Organic growth in fee revenue was 5%, comprising the vast majority of our growth for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter rose 10% to $568 million or 13% without the impact of all currency movements. This increase is notable coming on top of 26% growth in Q4 of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4% on fee revenue improved 110 basis points from Q4 2015. Adjusted earnings per share in U.S. dollars increased 15% to $0.93 for the quarter on top of 19% growth in Q4 2015. In addition, currency movement, including hedges, had a negative impact of $15.8 million to adjusted EBITDA and $0.03 to adjusted earnings per share when comparing current quarter results with Q4 2015. Without this impact from currency movement, adjusted earnings per share would have increased 19% in the quarter. Please turn to Slide 10 for a review of our major global lines of business in Q4. As already noted earlier, all percentage increases are in local currency unless otherwise stated. Occupier outsourcing continued to produce strong growth. Fee revenue included – including from our acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions, which is now included in both the current and the prior quarter year, increased 10% globally. Global property sales revenue increased 8%. Asia Pacific sales revenue rose 35%, reflecting strength in Australia, Greater China and Singapore as well as in the especially large transaction in Japan. Sales revenue also rose solidly in EMEA, paced by robust growth in France as well as in Belgium and Germany. This more than offset a modest decline in the United Kingdom as investors continue to adjust to the post-Brexit environment. U.S. property sales revenue was largely unchanged compared with Q4 2015. We outperformed the market in the U.S. investment sales with 140 basis point increase in market share in Q4, according to Real Capital Analytics. The commercial mortgage services business continued to perform very well, with revenue rising 32%. This growth was driven by strong gains from mortgage servicing rights as well as increased loan originations with U.S. government sponsored enterprises and life insurance companies. Our loan servicing portfolio stood at $145 billion at year end, up $10 billion from 2015. Global leasing revenue increased 6%. Asia-Pac posted double-digit growth with revenue gains in nearly all countries, most notably, Greater China, Japan and Singapore. EMEA saw solid growth of 6%, led by Germany, Italy and Poland. U.S. leasing revenue rose 4%. Valuation revenue increased 6% for the fourth quarter, paced by EMEA. Both revenue and fee revenue from property management services were up 4%. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding Q4 results for our three regional services businesses. We should note that M&A had an immaterial effect on growth rates in each of the regional businesses in Q4. The Americas, our largest business segment, posted a fee revenue increase of 7%. Asia Pacific, our fastest-growing region in Q4, achieved fee revenue growth of 21%, with strong performance across most of the region. EMEA produced fee revenue growth of 9%. The United Kingdom performed well, with fee revenue up 7%, led by occupier outsourcing. This solid performance in the wake of the Brexit vote tested the strength and diversity of CBRE service offering in the UK. We achieved significant operating leverage in each of the three regional services businesses supported by strong organic growth and our cost elimination program, which ended in Q3. In U.S. dollars, adjusted EBITDA increased 83% in Asia Pacific, 28% in EMEA and 22% in the Americas. After removing the effect of all foreign currency movements on year-to-year comparisons, adjusted EBITDA increased 74% in Asia Pacific, 46% in EMEA and 22% in the Americas. Please turn to Slide 12 regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional service segments. Fee revenue for this business was up 14% in 2016, excluding the direct contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Q4 2016 was the first full quarter where both the acquired and the existing outsourcing businesses were included in both current and prior year results. We achieved combined fee revenue growth of 10% in local currency in Q4. We expect more modest growth in the first half of 2017, with higher growth in the second half, leading to approximately 10% growth for the full year. In Q4, we signed 47 new outsourcing contracts and 40 expansions. Our city gains in the healthcare sector continued as well as we signed nine total contracts with hospital systems like Baptist Memorial and Catholic Health Initiatives. Our global scale, first rate capabilities and collaborative culture positioned us better than any other company to capitalize over time on the very large opportunity in this business. Please turn to Slide 13 regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Adjusted EBITDA for this business totaled $15 million for Q4 2016, down from a particularly strong prior year Q4. Q4 2015 included approximately $30 million of carried interest revenue versus almost none in the current period. In addition, we saw a decrease in co-investment returns and management fees in the securities business, reflecting the decline in the market for listed securities in Q4 compared with an increase in Q4 of the prior year. Assets under management ended the year at $86.6 billion. In local currency, AUM for the year was up $2.1 billion, but was down $2.4 billion when measured in U.S. dollars. Approximately 60% of our AUM, excluding securities, is denominated in euros and British pound sterling. With these currencies down by approximately 25% since mid-year 2014, the strong dollar continues to negatively impact this segment. Our global investors business continues to attract significant capital from investors due to the strong performance of its investment programs. Equity commitments in Q4 rose to $2.6 billion, bringing total capital raise in 2016 to $8.3 billion, one of our strongest capital raises in recent years. Notably, our increased focus on open ended core and core plus investment programs, which we described at our Investment Day – Investor Day, has shown good results with CBRE funds in the top quartile for investment performance in the U.S. and EMEA. Please turn to Slide 14 regarding our Development Services segment. Development Services had a record year in 2016 and another strong quarter in Q4, though earnings declined as expected from a particularly strong Q4 2015. For Q4 2016, this business produced $48 million of EBITDA. Development projects in process totaled $6.6 billion, down $100 million from year end 2015. The pipeline totaled $4.2 billion, up $600 million from a year ago. Please turn to Slide 15. Before I turn the call back to Bob, I would like to highlight two key points regarding Q4. First, our regional services businesses performed very well, with 9% growth in fee revenue in local currency and 33% growth in adjusted EBITDA, excluding currency effects, including hedging. This growth is almost exclusively organic. Next, our leasing and capital markets businesses outperformed the market, with revenue growth in local currency of 6% and 13%, respectively. Now, please turn to Slide 16 for Bob’s closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Jim. CBRE enters 2017 in a great position following very strong performance in 2016. Our business has positive underlying momentum as the global economy continues to grow, albeit at a modest pace and commercial real estate fundamentals remain sound. Our outlook is bolstered by the many advantages CBRE holds as a sector leader. Our talent base is deep and our people are aligned with and energized by our strategy. Our operating platform is becoming stronger as we continue to invest in technology, data analytics and other strategic initiatives. Our specific expectations for 2017 are based on following the assumptions. Number one, global economic growth will approximate 3%, according to the consensus view of economists. Number two, U.S. job growth will slow from 2016’s pace, but remain relatively solid. Number three, market-wide property sales volumes globally will be roughly in line with 2016 levels with continued volatility quarter-to-quarter. Against this backdrop, in local currency, we expect our capital markets businesses, property sales and mortgage services to increase revenue at a low to mid single-digit rate and leasing revenue to grow at a mid single-digit rate, reflecting our ability to take market share in both business lines. We expect the occupier outsourcing business to achieve approximately 10% fee revenue growth in local currency with a weighting to the second half of the year. Combined adjusted EBITDA from real estate investment businesses is anticipated to be flat to slightly down from 2016 with improved performance from Global Investment Management, while Development Services comes down from a record level in 2016. Our adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue is expected to remain strong at approximately 17.5% to 18%. Overall, we expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share for 2017 in the range of $2.35 to $2.45. We anticipate growth to be constrained by a $0.06 per share headwind from adverse foreign currency movement. At the midpoint of our guidance range, the growth rate for earnings per share would be 4% in U.S. dollars or 7% in local currency, almost entirely from organic growth. With that operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. Good morning and nice quarter. I am going to start with leasing and in 2016, that was up about 5% and it seems like the expectation is about the same for ‘17, can you give any color on which regions or countries you think lead or lag in ‘17?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, this is Bob. Thanks. We expect leasing to perform similarly to what it did this year pretty much around the world. We should see some gains here in the U.S. and in Continental Europe. And Asia Pacific will be relatively flat next year, we think, but on balance, we should see a performance pretty consistent with this year.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on outsourcing, if we look at kind of where it was in the fourth quarter, it was up I think 4% in the quarter and it seem to be impacted by currency, your outlook for next year is about 10%, how much currency effect do you have in that 10% for 2017?
Jim Groch: Thanks Anthony. As you said, it was up 4% USD, up 10% local currency. And as we noted at our Investor Day, we are not hedging currencies this year. And as Bob noted in his closing, based on the currency, based on the forward curve today, we are assuming about a 6% – I am sorry about a $0.06 currency headwind for the year overall. And our guidance within GWS local currency growth is 10%. We haven’t gotten that specific as to say what will the growth in USD be in that line of business, but hopefully, those data points give you enough to go on.
Anthony Paolone: It sounds like the assumption does not going to be as appreciable as it was in ‘16 just in terms of having it being a headwind?
Jim Groch: Yes. I mean if you look at the forward curve today versus where we are, it should be less of an impact.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And when do you think the integration costs kind of wind down, I think they were actually higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter and just wondering when that starts to kind of wrap up?
Jim Groch: Sure. That’s a good question. So there has been – there is an enormous amount of back office, in particular integration costs and that’s what you are starting to see. Initial integration costs are more integration of people and there is some severance costs, etcetera, in there. What we are seeing in Q4 is we were getting off of the systems that remained at Johnson Controls where they were providing services to us on their systems. So in Q4, we got off of most of the major systems. What’s left we will be getting off by the end of Q2. And irrespective of whether there are continued costs still dribbling in, we will stop adjusting for those costs as of Q2.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then can you maybe touch on some of the below the line items if you will, on 2017 guidance, like what’s – looks like the tax rate is going to come down further, so what’s driving that. Also, any assumptions around stock buyback or what you do with your capital as it relates to your debt over the course of 2017 and how it all flows in?
Bob Sulentic: Sure. On tax rate, we have assumed that we are – our tax rate will go from 33.4% this year down to 32% next year. That further decrease is driven primarily by projected mix, net income at the entity level. And we are able to capture some losses that have been trapped in entities here and there, which is helpful.
Anthony Paolone: And then just in terms of capital?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We are not giving that detail as far as what we are putting out on the balance sheet on capital items.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. So maybe a big picture one to start, 10-year treasury rate is up about 100 basis points in the lows in July last year, how have interest rates changed investors’ appetite for direct investments in the real estate?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. David, it may have had a slight impact on the appetite in the pricing, but not a material impact. We still see a lot of capital that wants to go into real estate. If you look at last year, there was various press written about lower volumes, but it’s worth keeping in mind that, that’s relative to 2015, which was the strongest year in a decade and last year was still very, very good by comparison to the previous decade other than 2015. We are going into this year with the assumption that interest rates will go up modestly and that capital flows into real estate and trading velocity will be similar to last year.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then can you talk about the details on the pace at which you are approaching GWS clients round cross-sell and leasing, are you targeting these pitches around contract renewals and sort of when would you expect to have made at least an initial presentation to all the GWS clients who are good leasing prospects?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it’s important in responding to that question to know how we run that business. We have what we call alliance directors or account managers responsible for each of those major relationships. They have teams of people that work on the relationships and their job is to be closely involved with our clients. First, to make sure we are delivering great service to them on everything we have hired them for, but also to be aware of everything they might need that we are well positioned to do for them going forward. So that work is actively underway now. We just finished the year in which we were very, very focused on completing the integration and very focused on making sure that the work that we had already been given by the clients was being executed well. And our client care program, which measures the results for clients, showed that we had improved our services to clients materially last year and their satisfaction materially. We expect as this year unfolds, to shift quite a bit of our energy to marketing and expanding that business, which you should see come through in the numbers in the later part of the year. But part of that will be cross-selling and part of that will be selling to new accounts and renewing accounts. So we are expecting to see good activity in that regard as the year unfolds.
David Ridley-Lane: And then can you talk – a quick numbers question about the incremental cost savings that you received in 2017 from the 2016 plan?
Bob Sulentic: Are you talking about GWS or the business as a whole?
David Ridley-Lane: The business as a whole, sorry.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Jim, you want to hit that?
Jim Groch: Yes, sure. We have not gotten specific through the last year as we initiated this cost cutting program in which as you know, started in Q4 of ‘15, ended in Q3 of last year. And you can kind of back into your own estimates based on the charges we have taken. And then we have reinvested some of those savings back into the business, so they don’t all drop to the bottom line.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. And last question for me, the slowdown in your tuck-in – your pace of tuck-in acquisitions, I just want to make sure I understand the rationale, is the slower pace solely the result of the valuations you are seeing in the marketplace or has your sort of near-term appetite for M&A also ticked down a bit?
Bob Sulentic: Sure. That’s a good question. Our near-term appetite for M&A has not ticked down. And as we have commented probably the last, I don’t know five quarters or six quarters, we really felt that M&A in the marketplace had just been getting too aggressive, whether it was pricing or terms of both. And we were walking away from deals where we had the last look on companies that we liked. But we just – the underwriting just wasn’t meeting our requirements. So that’s the primary driver, by far, of the reduction in activities as you have seen from us in infill in the last several quarters. But we – our appetite for M&A is as strongest as it’s ever been. Our pipeline is as good as it’s ever been. So if pricing and structures come back in line, then you will see us do more.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. Thank you very much.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much. In terms of large scale M&A, how do you assess the probability of a transformative type of deal taking place?
Bob Sulentic: Jade, the thing about the transformative deals is that they don’t come on a regular basis. We have done a few of them in the last 5 years. We did the ING acquisition, the Norland acquisition, the GWS acquisition. But those come up sometimes because of where we are at in the market cycle, sometimes because of the circumstance that the seller has with their business or a portion of their business. And they also have to come up at a time that we feel we are well positioned to take them on and integrate them. We are confident that there will be more of them. We are not sure where they will come from in our business. We would be interested in doing them in various parts of our line of business lineup and in various regions around the world if the right circumstance arose. But you just can’t predict when they are going to come. We are – our balance sheet, our operating capability, the ability of our people to integrate these types of deals positions us really well to do them when they happen, but we just don’t know when they are going to happen.
Jade Rahmani: And are there such properties actively being marketed right now?
Bob Sulentic: We don’t comment on specific deals in the marketplace.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. Just switching to your guidance, you talked about the flat adjusted EBITDA for 2017, but the positive adjusted EPS growth, I guess aside from the tax rate and slightly lower interest expense, are there any other main variables to that?
Bob Sulentic: I think you may be commenting where we commented on – we have mentioned that our two principal businesses, the Development Services and Global Investors business combined would be flat to down slightly next year. But that comment is specifically with regard to those two businesses.
Jade Rahmani: So in terms of adjusted EBITDA in dollars, we should expect similar growth rate to the adjusted earnings guidance?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We didn’t give specific guidance on adjusted EBITDA, but we gave you revenue guidance and EPS guidance. Back into it.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. On the investor sales side, can you just comment on if the sort of pace of deal flow has been consistent over the last few months in terms of number and quality of bidders, you have been seeing longer deal timelines to close, has that timeline stabilized and can you comment on maybe what drives the current hesitancy in the market, if it’s the political situation or perhaps concerns around the U.S. tax reform or rate?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, we saw choppiness earlier in the year, but the fourth quarter was strong and the year as a whole looks strong and we expect that to be a similar circumstance in 2017. We expect to see volumes similar to what we saw in ‘16. We are hoping and expecting to take a little market share as we have over the past few years. And as I commented earlier, with regard to the interest rates, they will probably tick up a bit. That may put a little pressure on sales. But also, there is a circumstance out there where in general, institutions are under-allocated to commercial real estate by about 100 basis points relative to where they want to be. So that could be a positive impact. So in general, we are expecting a good year and we are expecting to perform well and take some more market share.
Jade Rahmani: So the – like the number and quality of bidders is running at a consistent pace, you would say?
Bob Sulentic: I would say the number one quality of bidders is running at a consistent pace, not for every deal or everywhere in the United States or the world, but broadly speaking, I think that’s fair and we expect the market to play out similarly to last year.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of the market rate in leasing has been negative in the U.S., at least in the last quarter, are you seeing any of that corporate hesitancy flow through to the outsourcing business line?
Bob Sulentic: The leasing business and the corporate outsourcing business don’t necessarily track on that dimension. Corporate outsourcing is driven by the desire of corporations to have somebody that does this work as their vocation, let’s call it, handle it for them rather than doing it for themselves. They have a bunch of things that they want to accomplish often focused on their core business, cost savings, ability to have talent assigned to the work that’s better than the talent they themselves are able to assign to it. The leasing market is driven by the separate set of dynamics, which the most prominent one would be job growth or expectations about expansion of the business. So we are not really seeing on the margin the things that might impact leasing volume impact the amount of outsourcing activity we would see.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Dobell: Thanks. Good morning guys. Either Jim or Bob, based on your comments about the M&A environment and just the valuations and competition for deals, do you guys see any of that spilling over into I guess compensation pressure for transaction professionals in any region, I guess?
Jim Groch: We did, Brandon, see some pressure on recruiting and retention last year that we responded to in exactly the same way we responded to the M&A market. There were some circumstances that we thought were non-economic and we didn’t participate when we saw that to be the case. But at the same time, our net recruit – headcount recruiting was in the hundreds of millions, probably off about a third from the prior couple of years, but still very, very strong. But we are remaining disciplined in that regard and we think that’s the right place for us to be and it’s working well.
Brandon Dobell: So should we expect, I guess how much kind of net headcount growth?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Brandon, let me, one of my colleagues here just mentioned...
Brandon Dobell: Hundreds of millions?
Bob Sulentic: Hundreds of – yes, hundreds of people, not hundreds of millions, I am sorry.
Brandon Dobell: That’s a very happy transaction.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, exactly. We are not that large.
Brandon Dobell: Alright. So in terms of how we think about ‘17 and I guess related in two ways, the pace of headcount growth is a driver for your expectations in leasing and investment sales, should we expect headcount to be a driver or is that more just going to be market share driven with not a whole lot of headcount?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we expect to add headcount again in 2017. We will have to see what the market holds. A reasonable assumption would be that it would play out kind of like last year, but we just don’t know yet. And certainly, we should get the benefit of prior year’s net recruiting gains in our numbers for this year.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then maybe trying to tie the outsourcing businesses together with the technology investments, how should we think about the connection between the M&A that you have done in, let’s call it, tech M&A or the investments in technology, what does that do to the outsourcing business, does it make it more profitable, does it allow you to manage more with fewer people or what’s the driver of the connection between those two?
Jim Groch: I would say the technology investments we are making, if you look at them are very, very focused around investments that leverage our people to do more for our clients. It’s not necessarily geared to the big revenue producers in and of themselves, as a matter of fact, generally not the case. But they are geared to help our people do more for their clients, to help us gain market share and just to be overall better positioned to create value.
Brandon Dobell: Do you think it’s got a bigger impact on owners or occupiers?
Jim Groch: We are focused pretty heavily on both client sets.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then just final one for me, as you think about the leasing outlook, a combination of volume trends versus rent and growth trends and market share, if those are the three big buckets that are underlying global leasing growth for you guys, how do you think about the relative split between those three drivers?
Bob Sulentic: We should see some rent growth. I think volume will not – maybe slightly down next year. And what was the third one you commented on?
Brandon Dobell: Market share.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think that will be up. We are counting on that and that’s reflected in the guidance we gave.
Brandon Dobell: Got it, okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Mitch Germain: Good morning guys. So just want to talk about some of the technology and data spend, how much of that is basically kind of modernizing your systems versus creating operating efficiencies and trying to get as you talked about getting more for your customers, how do you guys think about each dollar allocated towards technology spend?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Mitch, that’s a good question and that’s shifted over time, if you were to have gone back 3 years or 4 years we were pretty far behind in what we called our infrastructure, the basic systems that run our company. And we made the investments to catch up. We have largely caught up. We are in – we believe we are in very good shape in that regard. By the way, our people believe we are in very good shape in that regard and that’s really important. And now we have shifted our focus to what we call enablement technology, which is providing tools to our people that they can use to serve our clients. We are well over 50% enablement now and we expect that to grow over the next – this year and the next several years.
Mitch Germain: Thank you for that. And then just the weighting of the outsourcing to the back half, is that just because we still have the GWS comp or is there something specific driving that seasonality?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we just came through and largely completed. There is still some work going on, but we have largely completed what I would consider to be the biggest and most complicated integration in the history of our sector, 16,000 people, clients spread across 100 countries, huge back office separation and reconnection to our systems. And a lot of the focus was during that transition and integration was, in fact I wouldn’t say a lot, it was overwhelmingly towards just serving those clients well during the transition and then getting the transition itself done. We have now shifted much more to being focused on growing the business. But there will be a ramp-up period coming out of that integration focus and that’s why the growth will be weighted towards the back half of 2017.
Mitch Germain: And I know the depth of the size of the transaction and how transformative it was, when you are kind of looking at it that integration now that we are, I don’t know I guess 1.5 years into it, timing wise, has it taken a little bit longer than you expected, is it in line?
Bob Sulentic: It hasn’t taken longer than we expected, but it’s been harder than we expected. Those things – you learn a lot when you – after you do a deal like that. And when you get into it, you can only know so much going into it. I will tell you one thing that’s hugely rewarding to us is that we believe we are the only company in the industry that could have gotten that integration done on that pace and with that kind of outcome. It’s had a very, very positive impact on our earnings. It’s had a very positive impact on our ability to serve our clients. It’s repositioned us in the marketplace. It’s given us some great opportunities for cost synergies. We now have great opportunity for revenue synergies. It was a huge job that took a lot of focus, but it’s largely behind us. And it’s a very positive thing for our company.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. And we will talk to you again in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - Senior Managing Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Bob Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jade Rahmani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company Alan Wyatt - Goldman Sachs Mitch Germain - JMP Group, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Mr. Iaco, you may begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you and welcome to CBRE’s third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter and the first nine months of the year. This release is posted on the home page of our website, CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. There you can also find a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. These results are filed with the SEC and are available at SEC.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Now, please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. By now you’ve read our press release detailing CBRE’s financial results for the third quarter of 2016, which Jim will discuss shortly. Our results are solid and largely in line with our and the market’s expectations. Our performance is notable when viewed against the exceptionally strong growth we posted in last year’s Q3 and a backdrop of lower property sales volumes in most markets. In this environment, CBRE’s premier position in commercial real estate with a deep diverse market-leading service offering continues to serve us and our clients well. Occupier outsourcing, our largest business line saw fee revenue growth of 16% or better in local currency in each of our three regions before contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. This acquisition, which we completed 13 months ago, has fortified our capability and given us an advantaged position serving occupier clients. The diversity and depth of our service offering helps to set CBRE apart from others in our sector. Another way we’re distinguishing ourselves is through the strategic gains we’re making across the company. Our investments in people, digital initiatives, specialized-consulting services and other capabilities are driving growth and enhancing CBRE’s ability to deliver highly differentiated client outcomes. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim for a detailed review of our third quarter results.
Jim Groch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to Slide 5 for an overview of our financial results. As Bob noted, Q3 was a solid quarter against an exceptionally strong Q3 of 2015. To put this into perspective, we achieved growth rates in Q3 2015 of 21% in fee revenue and 24% in adjusted EBITDA, both in local currency and 28% in adjusted EPS. In Q3 of 2016, fee revenue of $2.1 billion was up 11% in local currency from Q3 2015. Organic growth without the contributions from acquisitions, including the Global Workplace Solutions business increased 1%. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totaled $349 million, a 1% increase in U.S. dollars from last year’s Q3 or a 5% increase without the impact of currency movements including hedging. Adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue for the quarter was solid at 16.5%, despite headwinds versus prior year Q3 from reduced carried interest, decreased property sales and increased cost to retain and attract talent. Adjusted earnings per share totaled $0.50 for the quarter. Comparing Q3 2016 results for the year earlier quarter, currency movement including hedges had a negative impact of $12.9 million to adjusted EBITDA and $0.03 to adjusted EPS. Without this impact adjusted EPS was up 4%. Q3 2016 adjusted EBITDA of $349 million includes $38.9 million incurred in connection with the cost elimination program that we discussed in the prior three quarters. This program is now complete. It also includes $28.6 million of integration costs relating to the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions. In Q3, we continue to maintain our investment discipline around M&A, as we have seen pricing increase on less stable income streams during 2016. We remain actively engaged in the market, but are willing to step aside when price or terms are out of step with our underwriting criteria. In a similar way in recruiting in the sales and leasing business continued at a measured pace. As noted on prior calls, we have tightened underwriting and reduced our net recruiting significantly versus the pace of the last few years. Nonetheless we expect to add 100s of producers, net of departures this year, while maintaining by far the highest EBITDA margins among the diversified services providers. Please turn to Slide 6 regarding Q3 results for our three regional services segments, all on local currency. Fee revenue increased 25% in EMEA and 9% in both the Americas and Asia Pacific. Without contributions from the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions, fee revenue increased 8% in EMEA and 3% in the Americas, but declined 2% in Asia Pacific. After removing the effect of foreign currency including hedging in both Q3 2016 and 2015, adjusted EBITDA increased 19% in EMEA and 6% in the Americas, while decreasing 8% in Asia Pacific. Our strong performance in EMEA this quarter highlights the steps we have taken in recent years to strengthen our position. A material slowdown in transaction activity in the UK, our largest market in the region was more than offset by the results from three areas of focus: number one, significant growth in our outsourcing business; two, the strength of our business in Continental Europe, which is benefitting from an enhanced leadership team; and three, run rate operating savings from our proactive cost elimination program, which began a year ago and is now complete. In the UK, overall gross revenue and fee revenue grew 20% and 12% respectively, or 8% and 2% excluding the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. This growth occurred despite the slowdown in the UK transaction market in the wake of Brexit. Please turn to Slide 7 for a review of our business mix. The company’s business mix has evolved significantly in recent years. Contractual fee revenue comprised 42% of total fee revenue for the company as a whole, this compares with 37% in Q3 2015 and 20% in Q3 2006. Please turn to Slide 8 for a review of our major global lines of business in Q3. All percentages increases are in local currency. As Bob mentioned, occupier outsourcing exhibit very strong growth, organic fee revenue rose 19% without the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions accounts. Strength was exhibited around the world with fee revenue growth rates, ex the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, was 16% in the Americas, 21% in EMEA and 25% in Asia Pacific. Property sales activity was healthy by historical standards, but global sales revenue declined 7% compared with a very strong Q3 2015 and our global sales revenue rose 19%. In Q3, 2016 EMEA saw strong growth in France, the Netherlands and Switzerland, which offset continued weakness in property sales in the UK in the wake of Brexit. Commercial mortgage services rose 24%, driven by gains from mortgage servicing rights and increased loan originations for the government-sponsored enterprises to provide financing to multifamily assets. Year-to-date capital markets revenues were up 2%. In light of lower sales revenue in Q3 and the impact of Brexit discussed last quarter, we now expect our capital markets revenues to be flat to slightly up for the year. Leasing revenue grew 2% in Q3 compared with largely flat global market volumes and a very strong Q3 for CBRE in 2015, which saw leasing up 12% globally. Year-to-date, our leasing revenues are up 7% globally. In the Americas, robust growth in Brazil, Canada and Mexico offset flat performance in the U.S. in Q3. Year-to-date leasing revenue in the Americas has increased 9%. In Asia Pacific leasing revenue increased 4% in Q3 led by Greater China, Japan and Singapore. Leasing in EMEA rose 3%, a turnaround from a decline in Q2. A number of countries showed strength notably France, Ireland, Poland and Switzerland. Fee revenue from property management services increased by 2%, valuation revenue was essentially unchanged for the quarter. Please turn to Slide 9, regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional service segments. This business’ is ongoing appeal to large space users can be seen in the 113 total outsourcing contracts including facility management, project management and transaction management signed during Q3, including 52 expansions of client - existing client relationships of company record. In our outsourcing business, gross revenue as determined under GAAP depends on the contract structure, while there is typically no impact on the calculation of fee revenue. As we harmonize contract structures and renewals of legacy JCI Global Workplace Solutions clients, we will likely continue to experience different growth rates over time for gross and fee revenue. We believe fee revenue generally provides a more consistent view of revenue growth. We continue to make great inroads in the healthcare sector in underpenetrated market with significant growth potential. We signed 16 total contracts in this sector in Q3, adding new clients like Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Mount Sinai Health System, while expanding our work for existing clients such as John Hopkins. We’re also well-positioned to capture integrated multiservice multi-geography mandate. One recent example is Exxon mobile, which selected CBRE to provide integrated facilities, project and transaction management services throughout Asia Pacific and the Americas. CBRE’s capabilities enable us to create competitive advantage for our global clients, and in turn drive growth opportunities in our outsourcing and transaction businesses. Please turn to Slide 10, regarding our global investment management segment. Adjusted EBITDA for this business totaled $19 million, down from a particularly strong Q3 of 2015. This decrease was driven by the timing of carried interest. Just $2 million of carried interest revenue was realized in the current quarter compared with $19 million in the prior-year period. Attesting to the strong returns, this business line generates for its clients, total equity commitments in Q3 rose to $2.1 billion, the highest level in nine quarters. Total equity raised over the past 12 months increased to $7.4 billion. Assets under management totaled $87.9 billion, up $5 billion from a year ago in local currency. Foreign currency movement over the past year limited the increase to $1.9 billion in U.S. dollars. This reflects the fact that approximately 60% of our AUM excluding securities is in Europe and is generally denominated in Euros and pound sterling. Please turn to Slide 11, regarding our development services segment. This business continues to perform well. Adjusted EBITDA totaled nearly $16 million for Q3, while pro-forma revenue, which includes gains on real estate sales, equity earnings and non-controlling interests, increased to $43 million. Development projects in process totaled $7.1 billion, up $400 million from Q3 2015. The new projects pipeline totaled $3.7 billion, down $300 million from a year ago, as projects have converted from pipeline to in-process. When looking at our development services and investment segments together as noted in the last quarter, we continue to see some uncertainty as to the timing of the realization of incentives. Please turn to Slide 12, before I turn the call back to Bob, I’d like to briefly highlight our results for the first nine months of 2016. Fee revenue increased 19% and adjusted EBITDA rose 12%, both in local currency. Adjusted earnings per share increased 10% or 13% without the effects of currency changes including hedging. This strong performance was on top of an exceptional growth for the first nine months of 2015, when we achieved growth rates of 24% for adjusted EBITDA and 30% for adjusted EPS, both without the effect of currency including hedging. Now, please turn to Slide 13 for Bob’s closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. CBRE has continued to produce strong results for our shareholders as we invest in our people and platform, including digital initiatives to drive long-term growth and create superior outcomes for our clients. Commercial real estate fundamentals remain healthy in most parts of the world, and the global economy continuous to grow at a modest pace. CBRE as the clear market leader is well-positioned to achieve strong long-term financial performance and widen our competitive advantage in the marketplace. We continue to expect adjusted EPS for the full year of $2.15 to $2.30, which represents solid growth of approximately 9% at the midpoint of the range, on top of an exceptional performance in 2015. Before we close you’ll note that this morning we announced an authorization to repurchase up to $250 million of our shares over the next three years. The strength of our balance sheet, considerable cash flow and resiliency of our business gives us the flexibility to return capital to our shareholders, while continuing to make long-term growth-oriented investment. With that, operator, we’ll open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks and good morning, everyone. First question is on guidance. You kept the range as we head into the last quarter of the year. Just wondering if you can comment on what it would take to make it to the bottom or to the high-end of the range, and kind of what creates the variability with one quarter left.
Jim Groch: Hey, Tony, it’s Jim. I think we can’t comment at this point as to what would drive up or down the range. As to the variability, Q4 is our biggest quarter. And so there is always some big numbers, always some uncertainty as you get into Q4. And sales have slowed a bit as we mentioned, so that’s an impact. But also just some timing around carried interest, which we also noted.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. You mentioned that the capital markets revenue now being kind of flat up for the year. Does that part of it feel pretty visible at this point in terms of being in that zip-code?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, this is Bob Sulentic. It really - there are some signs that buyers and sellers are coming together. But as you know, it really depends on what happens in December and we’re still ways away from that. And so we wouldn’t want to project with any level of certainty what’s going to happen as the yearend comes.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on EBITDA, just wondering if maybe you can help us, if I look at your adjusted EBITDA just year-over-year, it was up about I think like $5 million or something in that range, so up modestly. You had obviously the contribution from GWS and the acquisition there. How are the margins in the rest of the businesses performing, if we kind of extrapolate out the acquisition?
Jim Groch: Tony, this is Jim. I guess, I would just comment overall on the margins. Our margin for the quarter was 16.5%. Our margin year-to-date is 16.4%. The margins are only down modestly and basically back to where they were a little over a year ago. So we’ve given back some of the operating leverage that we picked up last year. But the margins I think have held up pretty nicely, especially after the acquisition of GWS and after the fact that sales have been down this year.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. How much cost did the savings initiatives take out of the system, now that those are done?
Jim Groch: Yes, we’re not giving a specific number on that. But I think you can see some of the results coming through, particularly in EMEA, where that work was concentrated.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on outsourcing, you had mentioned 16 additional contracts. Can you give us any sense as to what average fee revenue is on one of these types of contracts?
Jim Groch: Not really, Tony. The range is very wide. I mean, they can be hundreds of millions down to much smaller contracts. They’re all multiyear and material, but the range is extremely wide.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Last question, there have been some articles written about just competition for brokers in the marketplace ramping up. Can you comment on just retention and broker splits and any trends there?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Tony, this is Bob. There is a decent amount of that going on in the market. The articles that are out there, get some things right and miss some things in a pretty big way. But we’ve very much maintained or disciplined around underwriting for retaining and recruiting brokerage talent. And as a result, our recruiting this year, while very active is down meaningfully from the record kind of pace we’ve had the last couple of years. We expect to add several hundred brokers. But it will be off meaningfully from where it’s been and we simply aren’t going to participate in what we consider to be irrational pricing in the recruiting wars.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you very much. On the property sales business looking beyond the fourth quarter, can you just give some color on what trends you’re seeing in the market? For example, how do bid-lists on transactions look? Are you seeing fewer participants? Are you seeing increased caution on underwriting or do you think that there’s kind of an underlying resiliency in the marketplace and perhaps maybe the U.S. election is a factor weighing on sales pace?
Jim Groch: Yes, Jade, this is Jim. We are seeing in our system where we track number of folks that are signing nondisclosure agreements per deal, that’s remained pretty steady and at a high number, kind of in the upper 50s per deal of people that have seen it, reviewed the teaser, and come in and signed a full nondisclosure agreement, so with a real interest. That’s held pretty steady. We have seen days on the market increase a bit, let’s say, maybe 10% or so. So we have seen a little more caution as the years played out.
Jade Rahmani: And how about actual bids, people submitting bids on transactions, is the number of participants declining?
Jim Groch: Still pretty strong in general, but on the largest deals you’re seeing the number decline, on very large transactions.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of recent capital flows and maybe fund raising activity in the market, what does that suggest to you about the outlook for property sales?
Jim Groch: Our own capital raising was a very, very strong quarter; a very strong trailing 12 months for our own business. But capital raising overall with the industry has been under some pressure. It still feels like there’s a fair amount of liquidity there on the market.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of mix of buyers and sellers, is that shifting a lot? Are you seeing more foreign capital flows in the U.S., for example, or any change in type of funds?
Jim Groch: We’re seeing more capital from Asia than we’ve seen in the past. But there’s - beyond that, we wouldn’t - no major trends.
Jade Rahmani: Okay. Just on the leasing business, can you comment on the flat performance in the U.S., and maybe differentiate between gateway cities versus secondary markets? What do you think is driving the flattish performance? Is it supply or any changes in leasing velocity?
Jim Groch: The supply comes into play once in a while in a few markets, but it’s not a prominent driver. First of all, it’s important to note that the flatness is one quarter. Year-to-date we’ve had good growth. And secondly, there is a little uncertainty out there among occupiers as to what they want to do. We’re also comparing against a really strong year from last year, so I think it’s hard to read too much into what happened over the last 90 days. And we still expect to see growth in the economy. We still expect to see healthy leasing activity, but keep in mind the backdrop of a little uncertainty and a very strong compare from a year ago.
Jade Rahmani: On the M&A side, we get lots of questions about sort of the rationale behind various M&A transactions that the major brokers have pursued. Can you give some color on how you’re thinking about M&A, and also what benchmarks you look at? For example, how do you think about return on invested capital?
Jim Groch: Sure. We don’t give very specific underwriting standards, what we’ve noted in the past is that an infill M&A for us has historically, and has continued on average to be in the five to six times EBITDA range. We note that our cost of capital, we believe, is in the plus or minus 10% range, and that we conservatively underwrite well in excess of that kind of return on an IRR basis. So that gives you a couple of metrics to have a sense for. And we commented throughout the last year, but really the last, I would say 12 to 18 months, we’ve seen the deal flow relatively strong, opportunities are out there. But we have felt that pricing was getting heady, and that the income streams that were being priced were less certain. And as a result, we’ve pulled back on deal volume that we’ve been closing. We stepped away from deals where we had to latch out to make the deal. We just didn’t think the economic returns, the risk-reward ratio was right. So hopefully that gives you some good feedback there.
Jade Rahmani: Yes, thanks. And just finally, on the MSR gains, can you quantify maybe on a per share impact that MSR gains contributed to adjusted EPS?
Jim Groch: We don’t quantify in total. What I can tell you is that on an EBITDA basis, the incremental in this quarter versus the same quarter last year was $26.5 million.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks for taking my questions.
Jim Groch: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you. Since you’re initiating the buyback now, just wanted to get a sense of your philosophy. Would you expect to be steadily active in the market, or is this more of an opportunistic authorization? Just your broader thoughts on how you’re planning to use the buyback.
Jim Groch: Say it again. Your question was on how we intend to execute the buyback?
David Ridley-Lane: Yes. Is it going to be kind of a steady amount each quarter or is it more opportunistic?
Jim Groch: We’re not going to comment on timing, but it would be over time and probably not steady by quarter.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then, could you comment on the progress you’re making on cross selling leasing to GWS clients, and maybe your expectations for that in 2017?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, David. This is Bob. That is a very important part of our strategy. We have put in place an initiative we call advisory and transaction services for occupiers. It operates at the intersection between our occupier brokerage or tenant-rep businesses, a lot of people call it in our transaction management business for our large occupier outsourcing accounts. We’ve added a lot of consultative capability and data capability to that offering. And we’re seeing very good results and we’re counting on those results to be a big part of the future of that business.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then, has that financing become incrementally more difficult to obtain for potential buyers on the capital market side, and are you seeing that as a potential tailwind for your commercial mortgage brokerage business?
Bob Sulentic: Well, our commercial mortgage brokerage business does a lot of work with the GSEs, and that is very active and we expect that to continue to be very active through the course of the year, much more skewed in that direction multifamily than our sales businesses. And that’s why you’ve seen a divergence in the volume of our mortgage origination business and the volume of our sales business. We expect there to be adequate capital from the life companies and the GSEs going forward. So we expect to see strong volume for the balance of the year.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. And I will - know you’re not giving quantification on the cost elimination program. But maybe could you - have we seen half the benefit, the full run rate of this program in the third quarter? Was it - did we see most of the full run rate benefit in the third quarter? Is there some color you could give us around that?
Bob Sulentic: Well, it continued through three quarters. And of course, you don’t get the run rate on - you certainly don’t get a full-years’ worth of run rate on anything you did after the first quarter of the year. So we expect - we will receive meaningful benefit this year. We’ll receive more benefit from it next year. But we really aren’t quantifying it on an annual or quarterly basis. It was an important and significant program though.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brandon Dobell with William, Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Brandon Dobell: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe, either Bob or Jim, some comments about the leasing market momentum, maybe compare how things feel here in North America versus Europe. And has there been any - I wouldn’t call it snapback, but any recovery in momentum that we’ve got a bit of distance after the Brexit vote?
Bob Sulentic: Well leasing volume was down significantly in the UK, but on Continental Europe it’s doing much better. And we meaningfully outperformed the market on Continental Europe. We think the volume in the UK was down in the mid-double-digits. We were down far less than that. We grew very dramatically on the continent, as a result of some of the things that Jim talked about in his prepared remarks. I would say around the world, it’s kind of what I said earlier, Brandon. There is significant activity, but against the backdrop from last year where we and the market grew dramatically. It seems fairly muted. We expect there to continue to be solid activity. We expect there to be job growth, kind of like the job growth we had so far this year. But there is uncertainty in the marketplace which is putting pressure on the results relative to what they were a year ago.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Thinking about your transaction producers, and I don’t know how this works, but given the strength of the past couple of years and it sounds like there is a reasonably competitive market for especially the top people these days. Are you already talking with guys about how split structures those kinds of things are going to look for the next year going into yearend? Or maybe asked a different way, do you think that producers have a little more leverage going into yearend or thinking about 2017 than they would have over the past couple of years?
Bob Sulentic: The way we run the business, we try to have a platform, a set of capabilities, a brand, a client base that allows us to pursue our policies on a consistent kind of long-term basis. For instance, we do work with virtually every major corporation in the world. We have a $90 billion AUM investment management business that we do a lot of work for. We have $7 billion of development in process that virtually all of which is leased and sold by our brokers. As Jim’s noted a number of times, we get about a third of our occupier leasing work from our base of outsourcing clients, and we’ve increasingly invested in technology and consultative capability to support our brokers. So we’re not going from quarter to quarter, and from poaching headline to poaching headline, and adjusting the way we engage with our brokers on a financial basis. It’s much more of a long-term plan.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then final one from me, as you think about the investment management business, the type of capital you’re raising from the various sources, maybe some color around what the fee structures look like, how sticky the capital may be in terms of what those deals look like, versus last year, a couple years ago? I guess, I’m just trying to get a sense for whether you’re seeing things in the capital raised within CBREI [ph] that gives you a little either pause, some cause for concern, or just gives you a different feel for where your customers may think we are in the cycle, versus where a broker’s transaction customer might? Thanks.
Jim Groch: Sure. I would say with regard to fees in the business, we had fees in Europe, particularly Continental - fee pressure in Europe, particularly Continental Europe for part of the last few years. We’re really not seeing too much of that anymore, I think that’s stabilized. We are a core base - our platform is primarily targeting investment of core properties. We do have value-add funds that are very high performers, but the majority of our AUM is core, core plus product, tends to be pretty stable, and stable fee structures. Sometimes we’ll have an impact on mix. We did have mix change a bit, particularly in Europe, where folks were coming out of higher fee funds and moving more into separate accounts, where they wanted more control or core, core plus that had a little lower fee structure. But generally, I think we’re seeing that be reasonably stable today.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alan Wyatt with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Alan Wyatt: Good morning, everybody, just one for me. You touched on fewer attractive opportunities to deploy capital into M&A. I was wondering how much of the rationale for the buyback is due to the attractiveness of the current share price, and how much of it is due to fewer opportunities to deploy capital into the acquisitions?
Jim Groch: Sure, Alan. We try not to comment generally on our share price, I would say the fact that we’ve had a slower pace over the last 18 months was helpful, and as we think about our capital allocation opportunities it give us more comfort that we could do both, building up a little bit of liquidity. But the other factor I would comment on is just the growth in the company over the last few years. Our profitability is up considerably, and the flexibility we have on our balance sheet really gave us comfort that we could do both. The other thing I’d just reiterate, the opportunities are still out there. It’s just the pricing, the pricing is off, and that doesn’t usually last forever, so I expect we’ll see more in the future.
Alan Wyatt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Group. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Good morning. So just another question on the cost elimination program. In kind of you’re saying that it’s over, is that kind of capturing where your outlook is for the global economy, and the industry, and where we’re heading? Is that kind of captured into your thoughts? Or if we have a leg down, is there potential reemergence in this cost elimination program?
Jim Groch: Mitch, we always focus on cost. We think it’s a strategic initiative for us, because we have very much committed to continuing to invest in our strategy through cycle. It was tough to do that in past cycles. That’s something that we’ve addressed very specifically. And so we’re focused on cost. We decided a year or so ago that after - but the time six-plus-years of strong growth, when we’re adding all kinds of people and capability, that it was time to kind of scrutinize what we’ve done informally address some cost inefficiencies. That was what drove that initiative. It wasn’t looking at the market or predicting where the market cycle was going. We completed that program, but we will remain very, very focused on cost management. And if we think we’re at a point in time anywhere where we - we’re just carrying too much cost or cost of the wrong type or we’ve made investments that we need to pull back on, then we’ll get more aggressive. But the formal program has been completed.
Mitch Germain: Great, appreciate that. And while I have you, just curious about the pipelines that you’re seeing in the UK, obviously, seems like activity levels are somewhat reemerging in that market. I’d love to hear your thoughts, please.
Jim Groch: Yes, we think that our leaders in the UK tell us that they believe that there is a reasonable chance that activity will pick up now. Obviously, there is real uncertainty there over this issue of hard Brexit and will that happen or won’t it and what will the implications of that be. But we have some hope that there will be a pickup between now and the end of the year.
Mitch Germain: Okay. And my last one, it seems like there’s more of these multi-geography outsourcing deals that you guys are doing. I’m curious in terms of - are you seeing a real pickup in the level of RFPs of customers that are really looking at multi-geographies now?
Bob Sulentic: I think, the customers respond to capabilities and if you look back to two-plus years ago before we did Norland, our critical-mass of the self-execution capability was primarily in the U.S. Within Norland, we picked up considerable critical-mass in the UK and then with GWS. We picked a critical mass in capabilities to have most of the world. And I think, we’re seeing a response to that, which is the more capable we are the more clients would like to give us more work to do, and work with one or two or three max providers.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. Just given all the currency movement, any change to your hedging strategy as we look out to 2017?
Bob Sulentic: We’re not going to comment on that today, but I might hit that at Investor Day, coming up.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on the buyback, if I just think about your earnings run rate and cash flow and spread the $250 million across three years, it seems to be in the zip code of, call it, 10% of your cash flow going to the buyback, if you execute it that way. Any color on how you got to that sort of level versus acquisition opportunities or perhaps paying down debt, just how you think about that?
Bob Sulentic: Absent a large transaction, we’ll probably continue to be paying down some debt primarily to build flexibility and capability for us to do large strategic transactions, whenever those opportunities become available. But it’s the specifics around my allocation. It’s something with the allocation of capital, something we talk to our Board about pretty regular basis. We have a lot of communication with our shareholders. And we’re always trying to balance what are the top opportunities for us to return value to our shareholders and remain flexible.
Anthony Paolone: Sure. And then, if you go back to, I think some of the guidance brackets you guys talked about over the course of the year. I think you talked about the promote income being, if I recall in 2016 at least at the level of 2015, I think, if I remember correctly, and just wondering so far in the nine months where that’s tracking or if you can give us some numbers on that.
Jim Groch: Our guidance was - at the beginning of the year, our guidance was that the development business and the investment management business in total would be approximately flat to down slightly last year, and that guidance still seems reasonable.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. That was all inclusive sort of the gains and incentives, and things of that nature?
Bob Sulentic: Yes.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is follow-up from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you. Can you give some color about how you think about target or appropriate leverage going into 2017? You mentioned continuing to pay down debt to create flexibility, but is there a ratio that you are targeting, or a level of liquidity? How do you think about it?
Jim Groch: We are very focused on maintaining quite a bit of flexibility in our balance sheet. But we are also quite comfortable with where leverage ratios are now. So I don’t - there’s not an aggressive program to prioritize debt repayment. But just the natural flow of the cash flow from our business in the investments we’ve outlined, we’re likely to continue as we have intermittently over the years, continue to pay down debt, and then bring it back up a bit when there’s a large opportunity.
Jade Rahmani: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time for closing remarks, I’ll turn the floor back to Mr. Bob Sulentic.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again three months from now, at year-end.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - IR Bob Sulentic - President and CEO Jim Groch - CFO Gil Borok - Deputy CFO and CAO
Analysts: Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Jade Rahmani - KBW Brandon Dobell - William Blair David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mitch Germain - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Steve Iaco, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter and first half of the year. This release is posted on the home page of our website CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. There you can find a presentation and slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive for the webcast will be posted to the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook, and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except for the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our second quarter earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. These results are filed with the SEC and available at SEC.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to slide three. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Now, please turn to slide four as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. CBRE posted another quarter of strong growth on the top and bottom lines, with a 24% increase in adjusted EPS. This growth came amid an uncertain macro environment, and notably, a time when global property sales volumes market wide have pulled back from a robust 2015. The diversity of CBRE’s service offering is especially important in the current market environment. Our performance for the quarter was supported by strong growth in mortgage services, reflecting continued debt capital flows into commercial real estate and in occupier outsourcing, which again grew revenue strongly even before contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Leasing was also up nicely in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, and our Investment Management and Development Services businesses produced solid EBITDA gains for the quarter. Jim will take you through all of this in detail shortly. Before he does, I want to address the UK’s vote to leave the European Union. Please turn to slide five. CBRE, like the rest of the commercial real estate services industry, was affected by the high degree of uncertainty in the UK market leading up to the referendum on June 23. This can be seen in a nearly 40% drop in UK market-wide property sales volumes in Q2 according to CBRE research. However, the effect on CBRE’s UK revenue was materially less pronounced. In local currency, CBRE’s total UK fee revenue increased 12%. Without the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, UK fee revenue in local currency was just 5% below Q2 2015, which had been up 32% over Q2 of the prior year. This performance highlights how significantly our UK business has evolved in recent years. During the first half of 2016, occupier outsourcing and property management, which is sticky recurring revenue, accounted for 69% of UK fee revenue, versus just 19% in the first half of 2013. This shift in our UK revenue mix has been driven by our acquisitions of Norland in late 2013 and Global Workplace Solutions in September, 2015 and positions us well as the UK goes about resetting its relationship with the European Union. Please turn to slide six. CBRE expects continued near-term hesitancy among occupiers about space decisions in the UK, particularly London. We expect a modest increase in property yields reflecting the higher perceived risk of holding UK property. However, this increase may be temporary, especially for top-tier assets, due to the inherent attractiveness of the UK market. In addition, the decline in the value of sterling against the U.S. dollar should provide some incremental support for foreign investment into the UK over time. We also anticipate a delay in some office development activity, which should provide longer term support for property prices as well as rents, particularly in central London, where availability stands at just 3%. We are monitoring Brexit-related developments closely. There is a long road ahead, but the swift resolution of the political leadership in Britain is an encouraging sign. Given our clear leadership position, CBRE is well positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the UK and across Europe. We are firmly focused on continuing to support our European business and clients. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim who will discuss our second-quarter results in detail.
Jim Groch: Thanks, Bob. Please turn to slide seven for an overview of our financial results. Fee revenue rose 20% in local currency to $2.1 billion or 3% organic growth in fee revenue without the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business and other M&A. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totaled $360 million a 19% increase in U.S. dollars from last year’s Q2. Margin on fee revenue was 17%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 24% to $0.52 for the quarter. Q2’s results include $4 million of net benefit to adjusted EBITDA from currency movement, including gains on hedges. This compares to a net unfavorable impact at $14 million in the second quarter of 2015. Q2 2016 adjusted EBITDA of $360 million includes adjustments for $28 million of integration costs relating to the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions and $27 million incurred in connection with cost elimination program that we discussed in the prior two quarters. Please turn to slide eight regarding Q2 results for our three regional service segments, all in local currency. Fee revenue increased 18% in the Americas, 31% in EMEA, and 18% in Asia-Pacific. Without contributions from the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions, fee revenue increased 6% in the Americas, but was essentially flat in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Please turn to slide nine for a review of our business mix. Our business mix continues to evolve towards greater contractual revenues. The company as a whole contractual fee revenue was 44% of total fee revenue, up from 34% in Q2, 2015, and 19% in Q2, 2006. Please turn to slide 10 for a review of our major global lines of business in Q2. All percentages increases are in local currency. Occupier outsourcing continued to exhibit strong growth. Global fee revenue was up 118%, aided by the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions. Without contributions from this acquisition, fee revenue rose 10%. Commercial mortgage services had a very good quarter, with revenue up 14%, led by private lenders, particularly banks, and continued growth with government-sponsored enterprises. Leasing achieved good growth in the Americas which was up 8%, and Asia-Pacific which rose 7%. We continue to benefit from the influx of producers choosing to join CBRE. In the Americas, Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. all turned in healthy performances, while Asia-Pac was led by greater China, India, and New Zealand. Leasing was down 11% in EMEA, as growth in Belgium, Germany, and the Netherlands and Spain partially offset a decline in the UK. Property sales revenue rose 2% in the Americas, while EMEA and Asia-Pacific both declined 16%. This compares with an exceptionally strong Q2, 2015, when year-on-year growth rates were 25% in the America, 62% in EMEA, and 24% in Asia-Pacific. Q2 2016 property sales revenue in the UK declined by approximately one-third. CBRE continued to make gains in property sales, as evidenced by our 150 basis point market share increase in the U.S. during Q2 according to RCA. Fee revenue from property management services, which we call asset services, increased by 7%. Valuation revenue was essentially unchanged. Please turn to slide 11 regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which we reported within the three regional service segments. Fine interest in our outsourcing remains high. This can be seen in the 96 total contracts we signed during Q2, including 37 with new clients. Notably, more than one-third of these new clients were in EMEA and Asia-Pacific, evidence that outsourcing is gaining more traction in overseas markets. Our engagements often span multiple geographies and services. CBRE is well positioned to serve complex multi-market requirements for our clients with the acquired Global Workplace Solutions expertise firmly embedded in our outsourcing business. Please turn to slide 12 regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Adjusted EBITDA for this business line increased to $26 million. The business continues to attract significant capital commitments. We raised $1.8 billion of new equity in Q2 and $7.1 billion in the trailing 12 months. Assets under management totaled $88.6 billion, up $3.9 billion from a year ago in local currency. However, all but $200 million of this increase was offset by foreign currency movement over the past year. Please turn to slide 13 regarding our Development Services segment. Strong performance in this business continued in Q2. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $19 million for the quarter, while pro forma revenue, which includes gains on real estate sales, equity earnings, and non-controlling interest, increased to $46 million. These strong results in the quarter were helped by the timing of asset sales. We note that these development asset sales accounted for the vast majority of our equity earnings for the quarter. Due to the timing of project sales, we expect results for the remainder of the year to be heavily weighted to the fourth quarter, with a significantly lighter third quarter. Development projects in process totaled $7.1 billion, up $1.1 billion from Q2, 2015. The pipeline of $3 billion was down $700 million from a year ago, as projects converted from pipeline to in-process. Please turn to slide 14. Before I turn the call back to Bob, I’d like to briefly highlight our results for the first half of 2016. These results are strong, including growth rates of 24% in fee revenue in local currency, 17% in adjusted EBITDA, and 21% in adjusted earnings per share. This growth is particularly notable coming at a time when average earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to decline in Q2, 2016, for the fifth consecutive quarter. Please turn to slide 15 for Bob’s closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. As you have seen, our business has performed very well in the first half of 2016, even with a decline in market-wide property sales volumes compared to a year ago. It is important to note that market fundamentals in commercial real estate remain in good shape, with the impact of Brexit largely limited to property transactions activity in the UK and we anticipate solid earnings growth for the year. Looking ahead, we are adjusting our outlook for the remainder of the year. This is due principally to the impact of Brexit on UK property transaction volumes and less visibility around the timing of the realization of certain incentives in our Global Investment Management business and Development Services business. These factors have caused us to reduce our earnings guidance by 3% at the top end of our range and by 5% at the bottom end. This results in expected adjusted EPS for the calendar year of $2.15 to $2.30 which represents solid growth of approximately 9% at the midpoint of the range. We see adjusted EPS in the second half of 2016 more weighted to Q4 rather than Q3 compared with our customary progression of earnings throughout the year. As the clear market leader, CBRE is well positioned to further extend our competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our ongoing talent and technology initiatives, collaborative culture, market-leading service offering, and financial strength uniquely position us to satisfy clients’ growing demand for our services. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Brad Burke : Hi, good morning, guys. I wanted to ask about the guidance. The initial guidance you gave us for the year indicated that leasing was going to grow high-single-digits; capital markets, mid to high-single-digits; outsourcing, low-double-digits; and your principal business EBITDA would be flat to slowly down. With the updated guidance that you’re giving us today, can you give us an update on how those expectations have changed as they are reflected in the full-year guidance?
Jim Groch: Hey, Brad. It’s Jim. Sure. We are not changing any of the specific guidance that we gave early in the year. Actually, I think that generally, we still anticipate all those ranges that we gave, that we’ll perform within the ranges provided at the beginning of the year. If you look at the update on our guidance at the midpoint, the range is a little wider, and at the midpoint, we are down 4%. I think as we referenced, a little more than half of that is really tied to Brexit impact on UK transactions. And then some of the widening and the bit that’s left is in there around just some timing risk around the realization of incentives in our Global Investment Management and Development Services, and then just some very minor tweaks to our forecast internally.
Brad Burke : Okay. And staying with the UK, slide five, I appreciate the detail on the UK business. Can you give us a sense of the exposure that you have within your principle businesses? While I assume there’s not much for Development Services, but interested in Investment Management exposure.
Jim Groch: Yes. Very, very, there is no Development Services really, and Investment Management is mostly core portfolio funds in separate accounts. So very, very little exposure there.
Brad Burke : Okay. And the headlines that we’re seeing about the open-end fund businesses in the UK, the daily liquidity retail-oriented products, I realize that you guys are going after a different segment, but still wanted to check if you’re expecting any spillover impact from the pressures that we see on those daily liquidity vehicles?
Jim Groch: We really haven’t seen much on the, outside of the retail, and we’re really not exposed on the retail side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone : Thanks. Good morning. In terms of sales and leasing it, seems like you guys had another quarter of share gains, at least relative to the third-party data. Can you talk about whether you think that’s happening from more wins, or is this headcount, or what do you think is driving that?
Bob Sulentic : Tony, this is Bob. Headcount is certainly part of it. We have talked over the last several quarters about the gains we have made over the last two or three years in recruiting. That has continued into this year, although at a slower pace, partially because some of the pricing we’ve seen out there for recruiting we don’t think makes sense. So our recruiting is down by about one-third this year. The other thing that’s benefiting us is some of the strategic things we’ve done with those businesses. Notably, we have grown our small asset class materially on the sales side and on the advisory and transaction services side of our occupier client offering. We’ve integrated our outsourcing business with our local brokerage business and added a bunch of advisory capabilities that have really allowed us to take on a lot of account business beyond what we were ever able to do before and offer things to our clients that go beyond what we were able to offer before. And that’s coming through in our numbers, and it’s coming through in our numbers for outsourcing business and our local brokerage business or local leasing business, and we’re taking market share as a result.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And can you help us at all with thinking about just the incremental margins for sales and leasing as we look ahead?
Jim Groch: We really haven’t been providing guidance around incremental margins. Part of that is just it depends on the trajectory of the business. So we haven’t been that specific.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Then if I look at your cost elimination program, you guys spent, I think, $27 million on this in the second quarter, and that was from about $8 million or $9 million, I think, in the first quarter. How much do you think you are going to drive in terms of run rate savings from the initiative? Like how much is left here because it seems like it’s been expanded since last quarter?
Jim Groch: We haven’t given specific guidance on where that’s going. I would say we mentioned that we started this program in late last year, and at the time, we noted that we have grown the business massively over the last three years and when you do, you intermittently need to step back and look for pockets where you may have some inefficiency and we thought it was a good time to work on that. But I’d also highlight that all those savings don’t drop to the bottom line because we do reinvest. While we are cutting costs in some areas, we are looking to reinvest in other areas where we think we can get real leverage from our investments.
Anthony Paolone: And if I think about that just to understand the numbers, like the $27 million you spent in the quarter on that stuff, like would that be in the $688 million of OpEx, or is it somewhere else? How do we think about that?
Gil Borok: Tony, it’s Gil. In the P&L with the press release, the GAAP P&L, it mostly would be an OpEx. In normalized EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA purposes, it’s adjusted out. But that is where you would see it mostly in the GAAP P&L.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Got it. And then on outsourcing, if we take GWS out of the mix, it looked like the organic growth may be slowed a bit from 1Q into 2Q. How do you think about that the rest of the year? You have talked in the past about organically that’s still running into the double digits. Is that still something we should expect, or could that slow a bit perhaps because of the EMEA exposure and Brexit and so forth? How do you feel about that?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, Brexit hasn’t really impacted the growth of that business or the stability of that business. And we did achieve 13% organic growth in that business in the first half, very consistent with our expectations for the business which are unchanged in terms of the ongoing organic growth. We are extremely pleased with the way that business has grown year to date. By the way, it was double-digit growth in the second quarter, too, at 10%. There is a little inefficiency quarter-to-quarter. And we’re quite excited about what we think the profile for continued growth of that business is.
Operator: Our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question. 
Jade Rahmani: Regarding the guidance and your comments about waiting more toward 4Q than 3Q relative to historical performance, can you maybe put some color around what the drivers of that are? Is that due to increased uncertainty in 3Q around capital markets volumes that you expect to normalize in the fourth quarter, or is it those incentive fee realizations?
Jim Groch: Yes. There is nothing particular driving it really, just the timing of whether it’s carried interest in the Investment Management business or individual sales within the Development Services business. It can differ from year to year, from quarter to quarter. We are ahead on activity year-to-date versus last year. And as we just look at the timing on these when we see transactions coming in, Q3 looks like it will be light, and Q4 looks like it will be strong, although in comparison to last year, Q4 was exceptionally strong. So we don’t -- that type of activity will likely be down from Q4 of last year still.
Jade Rahmani: Okay.
Jim Groch: But Q3 will be light, and it’s just timing. Some deals we thought were going to hit in Q3 happened in Q2 and looked like some others are actually going to hit in Q4 instead of 3.
Jade Rahmani: In terms of capital markets, what can you say about the level of visibility you currently have for 3Q and even 4Q given the timing and how long it takes transactions to close? Would you say you are assuming similar year-over-year revenue growth, ex-foreign currency impact that you’ve experienced in this quarter?
Bob Sulentic : We expect to end up the year in the ranges that we gave at the beginning of the year. And the one place that we are seeing things meaningfully different is no big shocker. It’s the UK, which is a sizable market with London. But we’ve worked hard to get a handle on what our people around the world are working on, and we have done that again recently and feel pretty good about the ranges that we gave at the beginning of the year. So we are not changing anything in that regard.
Jade Rahmani: On the cash flow and capital management spend, can you quantify the amount of dollars you’ve spent on M&A this year or this quarter and what you expect going forward? And given your view of the cycle and perhaps recent stock performance, if you might contemplate some stock buyback or dividend as an alternative use of capital?
Jim Groch: Well, as far as use of capital, we are always looking carefully at how to apply our capital in the most favorable way possible for our shareholders, but we don’t comment specifically on what we might do there. As far as dollars spent on M&A, those figures will be in the Q when that comes out.
Jade Rahmani: Finally just, on headcount, can you comment on what the perhaps year-over-year organic growth rate was overall or in transaction professionals?
Jim Groch: Yes, Jay. We don’t give specific headcount on our transaction professionals. But what I can say is that we have continued to bring on new producers in the investment sales, mortgage brokerage and leasing parts of our business at a very strong rate, although off the last couple of peak years we have had by about one-third. And we don’t have any reason to believe that there’d be big variability in that pace for the balance of this year. We are watching very closely what’s going on in the market and we’re seeing some what we consider foolish deals in the market, the kind of things that just aren’t sustainable. So we’re staying clear of that activity. But again we’re having good success. It’s impacting our growth in a positive way and we expect that to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Dobell: Thanks. Let me go on back to slide 11 for a second, the occupier outsourcing, a couple of questions there. The 37 new clients, are those just new occupier outsourcing clients or are they new clients for CBRE as a whole?
Bob Sulentic: Well, yes. Let me, I want to make sure I’m answering what you’re asking, Brandon. So are you asking, are these clients that we have never done anything at all for before or just that we have not done outsourcing work for before?
Brandon Dobell: Asking another way would be helpful. Just trying to get a sense of when you talk about new, are these ones you’re getting because you have already done business someplace else in the world or leasing with, et cetera or just purely new guys that have done nothing else with you before.
Bob Sulentic: These are new to the outsourcing business. I think when you ask the broader question, are they new to CBRE, we have done business with almost every major company in the world at some point through our transactional activities over the years. So there’s almost nobody that we would do a new outsourcing account for that we have done nothing for ever before. The count you’re getting there is for new outsourcing accounts.
Brandon Dobell: Got it. Okay. The expansion that you continue to sign at a pretty good clip, any sense of the order of magnitude of those contracts? I’m looking at a secondary perspective, we talking just more space, breadth of services? And is there any market difference between how those expansions may look in the U.S. versus EMEA?
Bob Sulentic: To that last question, I can’t give you an answer off the top of my head. I can tell you that expansions typically, there is a very typical pattern. We usually add services when we expand. So we will start providing one service and we’ll typically add another service or two when we do good work for our clients. And it’s also very typical that we will take on new geography, sometimes just within the United States, or sometimes in other parts of the world. But those are the two things. And that’s one of the beautiful things about this business. If you do good work for these clients and we track the work we do for them very closely, there is almost always an opportunity to take on new services or new geography. And it’s core to the strategy that Bill Concannon articulates for his people every day and drives with his people every day. As he would say it, win them, keep them, grow them. And that grow them is also about taking on new turf or adding new lines of business form.
Brandon Dobell: Got you. Okay. And then final one for me, on the expense structure, given what’s going on, in the UK in particular, but just around Brexit, any acceleration or change in trajectory on how aggressively you guys are going after the expenses that have built up over the years through M&A or just in recognition of what that market looks like for the next handful of quarters, particularly among transaction support people, but also just more broadly?
Jim Groch: No. No change there really. We haven’t made any changes. I mean, look, I think it’s important to emphasize that fundamentals for the markets have generally, globally, outside of circumstances in the UK, remain quite strong. So we started with some cost efficiency work in Q4 of last year. We are making good progress on that. We are reinvesting some of those savings primarily in technology initiatives. I would also highlight, our margin on fee revenue in Q2, which is a medium size quarter, obviously, for the year, nowhere near Q4, just for the three regional business was 16%. The margins are good, and the margin overall is higher when you include the principal businesses. So we feel pretty good about where we are, and no major program being accelerated.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And I’m sorry. I just lied. Got a final one. In the conversations with customers in investment sales, property sales, how much have you heard people talk about, or source of capital talk about shifting away from UK and Europe for a while and focusing on the U.S. given its market liquidity and transparency, those kinds of things? Or is it more we want to be in the UK and Europe. We are just going to take time to let things settle out, and we are not going to shift our focus on where the capital is going?
Bob Sulentic : Well, the UK and Europe are different for me. They are not one thing. So, people are definitely pausing in the UK. There’s a few anecdotes about pausing in Europe, but really not very much. I was over there a couple weeks ago, and in general, we are not seeing that on the continent. Here in the U.S., when you talk to our people in local markets, there’s a bit of wishful thinking that we will get incremental capital here as a result of what’s happening in the UK, but there was already a lot of capital aimed at the U.S. markets, and I would say that in aggregate, that’s what it was before, and the net-net of all of it is, people that were going to invest in the UK are waiting to see. And in the other big markets around the world, we haven’t seen a meaningful impact yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning. Could you give us some details of the pace at which you are approaching GWS clients around potentially cross selling in leasing? Are you targeting those pitches around contract renewal dates? Are you targeting existing GWS clients where you already have a large share of their leasing but not a company-wide contract? Just wondering about the pace there.
Bob Sulentic : David, we first and foremost have made a very, very visible commitment to the clients that came over through that GWS acquisition that we are going to be riveted on transition the work we do for them now. And we have made clear to them that we’re not in there aggressively trying to do more for them in any different way than we have been historically. Now, you know we have a very, very big leasing offering around the world, and we’re talking to most companies in the world most of the time about doing leasing work for them. Nothing about that has changed. But with regard to the to the relationship people on those accounts, they have almost exclusively focused on transitioning the accounts and doing great work for them and measuring that work. That’s going well. We had a lot of work to do in that area. We have gotten most of that integration work done. I will tell you that if you talk to Bill Concannon and his Team, they will tell you now that it’s things are starting to feel very different with those clients. Those clients are becoming much more comfortable with him. We’ve had some very recent significant wins. The confidence that we can marry up all the pieces of that business and go to market as an integrated offering is growing pretty rapidly. So we think those opportunities are very, very good. But through the first three quarters of that acquisition transition, the focus has been on transitioning those accounts and really crushing the work that we’ve already been given from those clients.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. Okay. And then on the, here in the United States the issuance of commercial mortgage-backed securities has been weak so far in 2016. As you talk to your capital markets professionals, is that having a negative impact, or are there enough sources of debt financing that it’s not really impacting the US capital markets volumes?
Jim Groch: The mortgage business is doing quite well. It’s up 14% for the quarter and we’re seeing lots of liquidity. So I think there has been plenty of liquidity to fill that void. It’s not been an issue.
David Ridley-Lane: Great. And last one for me. If FX rates stayed the same as they are today, do you have a rough estimate of what the benefit from FX hedges would be in 2016?
Jim Groch: If the rates stay where they are now, then there should be no impact because we mark-to-market our hedge positions every quarter. So that’s how it would play out.
David Ridley: Okay. So the benefit you saw in the second quarter was as of rates on June 30?
Jim Groch: That’s correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, you guys have been on this pace of, call it, around 12 or so talking acquisitions per year. Any change in your appetite? Or does that still seem to be somewhat aligned with the run rate that we should expect?
Jim Groch: Mitch, that’s a good question. Our M&A pipeline is quite active. But we did start to pull back on infill last year when we saw pricing in the marketplace increasing. So we’re, as always, we’re very active in the market. We are looking for great companies, a great cultural fit, companies that are going to truly add capabilities to what we offer. But we will, pricing matters. It does. And we will pull back from time to time and get back in when we see things be more in line with where we think they should be.
Mitch Germain: Got you. Okay. And then just curious. It seems like we have seen a couple of asset trades and some refinancings in the UK. That may be, Bob, the discussions that you are having with your team, does this seem like the pause is maybe lifting a little in that market and things are moving slowly back to normal or maybe just get a little sense about momentum there?
Bob Sulentic : I talked to Martin Samworth, the CEO of EMEA for our business, two days ago, and I asked him that question. And he said that in fact, there was a distinct clawing back of the momentum that had been lost due to Brexit up until about a week ago when, as he put it, everybody in Europe started going on vacation. And he thinks that legitimately, that there has been a turnaround, but the whole vacation season there is causing that turnaround to slow for a while. But he’s encouraged that when September comes around that we’ll see things, the momentum reemerge. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Burke: Just one follow-up for me with regards to the AUM in the investment Management business, realizing that there have been a lot of FX headwinds to AUM growth, but based and what you are seeing now in terms of capital raising and the capital that you have yet to deploy, how we ought to be thinking about AUM growth over the next year or so?
Jim Groch: I think we’ll continue to be in line with what we have been doing over the last year or two. Unfortunately, that growth continues to be offset generally by changes in FX. The growth has been quite good, but as you highlighted, the FX has tended to offset most of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Jade Rahmani: Thank you for taking the follow-up. When you quantify the percent of revenues from contractual revenue sources, can you give some color on what percentage of leasing transactions, which are not contractual, but would be considered recurring, or historically, what percentage of leases, renewal, and, if you guys win that business?
Jim Groch: Okay. When we refer to contractual revenues, and we had a slide in our deck that showed the change in the business and the degree to which contractual revenues have increased as a percentage of the total, there are no leasing revenues in those numbers. So they are, you will hear us refer to leasing as being a largely recurring over time. But we don’t include any of those revenues in the contractual section of what we refer to as contractual. As far as a percentage of deals where we get renewals, I can’t give you a figure, an exact figure, but it’s extremely high. And if we didn’t get a renewal, on the margin, if we or others aren’t getting the renewals on their assignments, then we are picking up the other competitors’ piece and vice versa. But that tends to be quite rare.
Jade Rahmani: And in terms of EBITDA contribution from contractual revenue sources, is it similar to the percent of revenue, or lower than that given the high margins that capital markets generate historically?
Jim Groch: We haven’t been, I guess the most we’ve said on that is that the contribution is closer than you would think because on a fee revenue basis, our contractual revenues include some of our lower-margin business in that [indiscernible] management area and some of our higher in Investment Management. So it’s not quite equal between revenue and EBITDA, but it’s not as far off as you might think.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up question from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Yes, thanks. So staying on the contractual business and the outsourcing since it’s becoming so big and important for you all, can you take us inside a little bit and tell us, when you have a multi-year contract, you have a contractual revenue stream, but does it guarantee the level of that revenue stream or does that vary and you just know you will be doing things and get paid for it? Like how does it work?
Bob Sulentic: There’s parts of it that are fully guaranteed, Tony and there’s other parts of it that aren’t. So we often will have incentives in these contracts that will allow us to earn incremental dollars if we meet certain performance thresholds. And we also will have some variable amount of work. So for instance, we may take on a contractual relationship with a big corporate client to do project management work of a certain type for them and the more projects they do, the more work we do. That’s very typical of those accounts. So it’s a mixed bag. The way we generally view these big outsourcing accounts when we take them on, they tend, they are getting larger and larger, so it’s not uncommon any more for us to take on a client and grow it to be a multi-hundred-million-dollar revenue source for the Company. We almost view these incremental accounts as starting new little businesses within our Company. When you start them, there is something there and then you do to a good job and you grow them. And with 90%-plus renewal rates and increasing customer satisfaction rates, we tend to keep them and grow them. So you end up with something at the core that is largely guaranteed and you have the opportunity to grow it from there.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then so when you think about the double-digit organic growth in outsourcing, how much of that do you think is winning new contracts and just the expansion and adoption of outsourcing around the world versus, I don’t know, like a same contract revenue concept?
Bob Sulentic: We’ve never publicly produced those numbers. I can tell you both are very meaningful. It’s not one as dramatically larger than the other. Both are very meaningful, both the expansion of existing counts and the addition of new accounts.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. Mr. Sulentic, I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us and we will talk to you again at the end of the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - IR & Corporate Communications Bob Sulentic - President & CEO Jim Groch - CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Mitch Germain - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brandon Dobell - William Blair
Operator: Welcome to the CBRE First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you and welcome to CBRE's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter. This release is posted on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. This conference call is webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. You can also find there a presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, market share, business outlook and financial performance expectations. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our first quarter earnings report furnished on Form 8-K and our most recent annual report on Form 10K. These reports are filed with the SEC and available at SEC.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulation. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Please turn to slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. CBRE started 2016 with very strong performance. We again logged healthy double-digit increases in revenue and adjusted earnings per share, despite significant negative effects from currency hedges in the quarter. Our three largest global business lines, leasing, occupier outsourcing and sales, each generated notable growth. In addition, all three regional services businesses generated double-digit organic fee revenue growth in local currency. This level of growth which excludes all M&A contributions, is especially notable following a year in which there was considerable acquisition activity by all the major players. Leasing had an exceptional quarter. With markets around the world still improving modestly, our high-teens growth rate reflects the market share gains we're making through strategic recruiting and the increased productivity of our professionals. Occupier outsourcing had robust revenue growth, even without contributions from the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition.  Similarly, our property sales business had strong performance, with high-single-digit growth in revenue globally. We continue to make material strategic gains across our business. Clients increasingly want integrated solutions. They value highly strategic advice supported by insight, a powerful platform and superior execution, delivered by the most knowledgeable specialists in every business line in every local market around the world. CBRE is uniquely able to meet these requirements and create significant value for our clients. I'll turn the call over to Jim now, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to slide 5 for an overview of our financial results. Growth for the quarter was strong. Fee revenue grew 28% in local currency or 10% without contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Normalized EBITDA for the quarter totaled $283 million, a 15% increase in U.S. dollars from last year's Q1. Adjusted earnings per share increased 13%, to $0.36 for the quarter. We believe more insight is derived by looking at the performance of the business in Q1 without the significant impact of currency hedges. On this basis, we achieved robust normalized EBITDA growth of 23% and adjusted EPS growth of 25%. The negative non-cash impact of marking currency hedges to market more than offset a slight gain from other currency movements during the quarter. The net impact of these non-cash charges was to reduce EPS and adjusted EPS by approximately $0.04 and to reduce EBITDA and normalized EBITDA by $21 million and $22 million, respectively. Throughout this call I will refer to this as the impact of currency hedges. Q1 2016 normalized EBITDA includes adjustments for $17 million of integration costs relating to the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions and $12 million incurred in connection with the cost elimination program that we discussed last quarter. Please turn to slide 6 regarding Q1 results for our three regional services segments, all in local currency and before the effects of currency hedges. Excluding the benefits of all 2015 acquisitions, all three regions still produced double-digit organic fee revenue growth in local currency. Without contributions from the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions, fee revenue increased 12% in the Americas, 13% in EMEA and 11% in Asia Pacific. Including the acquisition, fee revenue in the Americas rose by 26%, triggered by strong growth in leasing and occupier outsourcing. Fee revenue in EMEA increased 45%, with strength across the region, highlighted by the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom. Fee revenue in Asia Pacific increased 34%. India and Japan were the catalysts behind growth in this region. This quarter, we began to allocate the impact of currency hedging to the segments and have reflected the impact in both Q1 2016 and Q1 2015 to maintain a like-for-like comparison. Without the impact of currency hedges, normalized EBITDA for the three regional businesses improved 19% in aggregate, including 11% in the Americas, 82% in EMEA and 37% in Asia Pacific. The increase in the Americas would have been 15% without lower gains from servicing rights on loan origination with government sponsored enterprises. Please turn to slide 7 for a review of the performance of our major global lines of business in Q1. All percentage increases are in local currency. Our business mix continues to shift towards greater contractual revenues. The company as a whole contractual fee revenue was 46% of total fee revenue, up from 39% in Q1 2015. For context as to how much the business mix has changed over time, in 2006, contractual fee revenue was 21% of total fee revenue. This compares to 46% in Q1. Contractual fee revenue plus leasing which is largely recurring, totaled 74% of fee revenue for the quarter. This was up from 70% in Q1 of the prior year. Global leasing was exceptionally strong during the quarter as revenue surged 18%. The United States set the pace with revenue up 20%. A number of large leases in the quarter contributed to this growth. A broad range of countries also contributed, with double-digit year-over-year growth in Canada, France, India, Italy and Japan. In the United Kingdom, we achieved 16% growth. Occupier outsourcing continues to benefit from strong underlying growth drivers, augmented by the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Excluding contributions from this acquisition, fee revenue improved 17%, with all three regions recording double-digit growth. Global property sales revenue grew 9% with notable growth outside the U.S., where Asia-Pac lead the way with an 18% increase, paced by Japan. EMEA saw revenue rise 11%, driven by strong gains in France, the Netherlands and Spain, as well as 3% growth in the United Kingdom. The Americas posted a solid increase of 7%. In the U.S., CBRE improved market share by 50 basis points in Q1, according to real capital analytics. We completed more than 1800 sales transactions in the U.S. during Q1, ranging from a few million dollars to more than $500 million in value. Commercial mortgage services revenue increased 3%, driven by higher loan origination volumes with banks. Activity with the government sponsored enterprises did not match Q1's exceptionally robust pace, as the agencies plan to more evenly pace their loan originations throughout the year, debt financing remains plentiful and other capital sources have largely replaced the pullback of CMBS originations. Property Management services for institutional property owners which we call asset services, increased fee revenue globally by 4%. Revenue in our global valuation business grew by 7%. Please turn to slide 8 regarding our occupier outsourcing business which is reported within the three regional services segments. We now include renewals and expansions of clients of the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business in our reporting of such contracts on this slide. Note that revenues from transaction management contracts are reflected in our leasing and sales revenue categories. We recorded strong revenue growth and a record number of executed contracts in Q1, even while integrating the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business and continuing to wind down some accounts that Johnson Controls was in the process of exiting as we acquired the business. We're pleased to report that client-facing integration activities were materially completed on schedule at the end of Q1 and today, we go to market with great enthusiasm and a premier integrated full-service global offering. Nearly half of the new long term contracts signed in Q1 were with clients in EMEA and Asia Pacific, where rising demand for outsourcing services is being met by our significantly enhanced capabilities. We're well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities in this business. Please turn to slide 9 regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Assets under management during quarter grew to $89.7 billion, reflecting a $300-million increase in local currency. Revenue and EBITDA declined for the quarter, with minimal carried interest and lower relative fees on investment programs that are showing the strongest growth. Drag from the impact of currency hedges had a negative $4.7 million impact on normalized EBITDA. New equity capital raised continues at a strong pace, totaling $1.8 billion for Q1 2016 and $7.5 billion for the trailing 12 months, investor interest remains strong. Please turn to slide 10 regarding our Development Services segment. This business line's very strong performance in 2015 continued in the first quarter, driven by the timing of large asset sales. Pro forma revenue which includes gains on real estate sales, equity earnings and non-controlling interest, increased to $69 million and normalized EBITDA totaled $32 million for the quarter. Development projects in process totaled $7.1 billion, up $1.6 billion from Q1 2015. The pipeline of $3.1 billion was down $500 million from a year ago, as projects converted from pipeline to in process. Please turn to slide 11. Before I turn the call back over to Bob, I will summarize our Q1 financial performance without the non-cash impact of currency hedges. Fee revenue increased 28% or 10% excluding our major acquisition in 2015. Normalized EBITDA increased 23%. Adjusted EPS increased 25%. Now, please turn to slide 12 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. We're very encouraged by our strong start to 2016. Our people, collaborative culture and integrated suite of global services, coupled with continued enhancements to our operating platform, have created formidable advantages for our company and real differentiation in the marketplace. This was driven home earlier this month when Forbes named CBRE the 15th Best Employer in America and spotlighted the tremendous benefits we're realizing with our alternative workplace strategy, called Workplace 360. For a firm that specializes in advising clients on how best to utilize real estate to attract talent, there's no better endorsement. As we look ahead, it is important to remember that the first quarter is typically our seasonally lightest quarter for revenue and earnings. As always, we caution against using the first quarter as a barometer of full-year performance; however, our business has positive momentum and the macro environment, while more cautious than a year ago, remains generally supportive, with consensus forecasts calling for continued modest economic growth in the U.S. and globally. Against this back drop, we continue to expect double-digit growth again in 2016, with full-year adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.27 to $2.37. This is 13% year-on-year growth at the midpoint of the range. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Paolone: My first question is on investment sales and leasing. Your growth seemed to outstrip a lot of the third-party data and I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more on the attribution of what drove it, like how much was perhaps tuck-ins versus hiring versus just gaining share?
Bob Sulentic: Tony, we didn't have significant impact from acquisitions in our investment sales business in the first quarter. We have had, as we've noted, several years running of really strong hiring. More of that hiring, by the way, has been in our leasing business than in our sales business, but we have hired professionals around the world. I think what you saw was a few things. Number one, we took market share, we believe. It's hard, as you know to get perfect numbers on that but, we believe we took market share. It's also important in looking at our business to understand that there's some things in the public data that don't come through in reporting on our business. For instance, we do significant buyer representation. We do significant land sales and we do significant sales of user buildings that don't show up in the numbers, so our business is a little more far reaching than the publicly-available information would suggest. But we did perform well in the first quarter and I think you're seeing that in the numbers.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And to carry that forward, for the rest of the year, you kept your guidance. Can you talk a little bit -- I think last quarter you talked about what you thought leasing in capital markets and the principal businesses would look like in terms of general growth rates. Have any of those changed?
Bob Sulentic: No, it's really important to note and we stress this every year, this year is no difference. The first quarter is just one quarter and it's the smallest quarter in our sector and for our company. Our expectations for the year remain unchanged. We saw a little choppiness in the first part of the quarter when the capital markets in general were choppy. We saw that actually get better toward the end of the quarter and confidence come back a bit and our view of the year and our expectations for performance remain unchanged.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And on GWS, can you give us a sense as to where you think EBITDA will shake out this year now that you're a couple quarters into things?
Jim Groch: Yes, we're not updating the guidance that we gave on GWS when we made the acquisition, but we'll just say that it continues to run very much in line with our expectations. We've broken out separately the revenue to show that we can provide clarity to the market on the underlying growth rate of the existing business, but we have not separated it out of EBITDA.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then last one for me, on the currency, any help with what that might look like going into Q2, just because it seemed like it had a pretty decent impact in the first quarter and maybe you could help us a little bit with how it's trending?
Jim Groch: Yes, it's really hard to predict. It's just going to be dependent on how currency moves over the quarter.
Anthony Paolone: But if I recall, I think you guys changed the way you hedged maybe a year ago or something. Is that having a more significant impact or creating more or less volatility? Like how is that working?
Jim Groch: We went from hedging in December for our projected EBITDA for the year to hedging on a rolling-four quarter basis. So we'll look out four quarters from now and we'll estimate what we expect EBITDA to be four quarters out and we'll hedge that. So it should be less volatility over time, but it will depend in the end on how the markets work.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question. 
Brad Burke: A follow-up on just market share, can you comment on what you're seeing in the UK specifically, because that's the market obviously we've heard a lot of concern about market weakness due to Brexit?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Brad, there is some concern and it's been broadly written about and commented on due to Brexit. We did have a good first quarter in the UK. Leasing was up 16% and sales were up 3%. Again, we think we took market share there. We think the whole Brexit thing is going to become a bigger concern leading up to the vote in June and if the vote fails, obviously, there will be a pause until people figure it out. But look, that is a healthy, in general, market for real estate. It's a very attractive place for capital. We don't see that changing. We'll see what happens when this Brexit thing sorts out, but our business is doing well there and we expect it to do well for the remainder of the year.
Brad Burke: Okay. And then also a follow-up on the FX impact. The way that you're hedging now, should we think about the negative impact in the first quarter being offset by the flow through of positive FX impacts over the next three to four quarters?
Bob Sulentic: I'm sorry, Brad. Can you say the question one more time?
Brad Burke: Sure. The mark-to-market negative that you realized in the first quarter presumably should match up with the FX benefit that you're getting over the next three to four quarters? Is that a fair way to think about the FX impact?
Jim Groch: Yes. We're comparing against a big gain in Q1 last year, so that exaggerates the year-to-year compare in this quarter, so hopefully there will be less of that in the future quarters.
Brad Burke: And you had comment on the momentum that you were seeing in your businesses. I was hoping that you could expand maybe between sales and leasing and then by geography in terms of what you saw maybe at the trough of the first quarter and how things have potentially improved over the course of the first quarter going into the second quarter?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we saw good growth around the world and we particularly saw good leasing growth here in the U.S. Part of what you saw in the numbers, Brad, is what Jim commented on in our opening remarks and that is that we did some very large leases in some big markets and we think in some of the most important markets we're hiring and other things we've done has allowed us to take market share and we expect a good year for the remainder of the year in the U.S. We also expect to see things remain strong around the world. Leasing could be a little less positive in Asia for the rest of the year as things have slowed down a bit there, but we think we're going to see good growth in Europe and we're confident. As it relates to capital markets, our outlook for the year really hasn't changed. As I said, we saw that choppiness at the beginning of the first quarter. It abated as the quarter went on. There's a lot of capital around the world that wants to go into real estate. There's a little pressure on trophy assets, but we think that the year will play out as we had suggested at our year-end release three months ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Group.
Mitch Germain: So what's your attitude these days toward hiring? Obviously, you've been pretty aggressive from that perspective the last couple of years. Is the likelihood it's going to slow down a bit here?
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, just to be clear, you're talking about hiring brokers I assume?
Mitch Germain: Yes, sales or leasing.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. I would say it definitively did slowdown in the first quarter. Now, we're comparing it against three very, very strong years, in fact, we think probably the three strongest years in the history of our company. Because of all of the acquisitions we've made over the years, we don't have perfect data going back. We were at about half the pace in the first quarter that we've been the last couple of years, still a lot of net hiring. We've tightened down our underwriting standards because of where we're at, the seven years of growth. We've also seen some what we consider to be uneconomic and unsustainable deals made in the market and we just won't play in that game. We're staying very clear of that. And we really think it's important for investors to understand how companies treat these incentives and signing bonuses that a broker is given. In our case, as a public company, we include all these costs in our cost of services and we fully amortize them over the life of a contract, so those are real costs that are incurred and we're very, very careful about how we do that.
Mitch Germain: Back the day, you guys used to talk about the size of the outsourcing business and the penetration. Let's see if we can get an update on where that stands today.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we still talk about that. We still think our share of the market has grown, as has our best competitor in this area, but the market has gotten bigger. It's very hard to get your arms around how big the market is. Healthcare is a much bigger part of the business than it used to be. You've got universities. You've got government entities, maybe a hundred-billion-dollar market. We're constantly trying to assess it.  We think that it's relatively lightly penetrated and it's one of the real growth drivers in our business. You saw that in our first quarter numbers. I think you'll see that in our full-year numbers. And by the way, that's completely in the absence of the addition of the GWS acquisition. Our organic growth was 17% in the first quarter, so it's a good business. We expect it to grow. We expect the size of the market to grow and the opportunity to penetrate enterprises that haven't outsourced before to continue to be very good.
Mitch Germain: Last one for me, I know you mentioned the client-facing integration at GWS, obviously, completed probably ahead of schedule. Where do synergies rest in total? Where do we stand there?
Jim Groch: We have no update to our previous guidance of synergy targets, but we continue to have very high confidence around all aspects of our execution on that acquisition in achieving all of the objectives that we set out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question. 
David Ridley-Lane: I was wondering about the cadence of the cost containment initiatives and how quickly you could see some of the payback from those. So would you expect to have the majority of those done in the first half? And then would you expect to see any size potential payback that you would see in the second half?
Jim Groch: The cadence will be more execution in the first half. This is a specific targeted program. It's outside the range of normal everyday cost containment and cost control that we're doing. But after years of very, very substantial growth, we just felt it was time to put aside some dedicated energy into looking for areas we could cut some costs. It is, in the scale of our company, still quite a small program and we will reinvest some of the savings in things that we think can help drive the organic revenue growth of the business, so it will not all drop to the bottom line.
David Ridley-Lane: And then I think the guidance for EBITDA contribution from the principal businesses was to be flat to down in 2016. It was up in the first quarter. I'm just wondering, did it come in a little bit above plan? Are you feeling a little bit more positive about perhaps EBITDA contribution from the principal businesses being close to flat this year?
Jim Groch: There were no real surprises there. They came in largely on plan, so no change to our guidance there for the year.
David Ridley-Lane: And last one for me, we've also been watching the pricing pressure on trophy office. It also, at least here in the United States, a bit perhaps on the industrial side as well. I'm just wondering, are you seeing that spread out? Is it remaining pretty concentrated? And how does the bid-ask spreads look in your book of business right now? Thanks.
Bob Sulentic: Look, we're seeing less bidders in some case, but for the most part, we're not seeing much of a change in pricing on assets, either industrial or trophy office. But particularly with regard to trophy office, we're not seeing as many bidders in some cases. Again, I'm going to go back to something both Jim and I commented on earlier and that is that a little bit of the nervousness and choppiness that we saw the first couple months of the year, we saw start to abate a bit at the end of the quarter. And in general, we think the news -- things in the capital markets have slowed down and the prospects are looking more now for the rest of the year like they did at the end of last year rather than as we got into the beginning of the first quarter. But we're not seeing much impact on pricing. If we were going to circle some assets and say these are the ones that might be vulnerable, it clearly would be the trophy office assets. But again, I think that it's important to remember, David and this is what I think gets missed a little bit when people look at our company, we certainly have a big practice in that area. We have a very big and very active practice in the industrial area, but we also have a big, far-reaching practice in areas that don't necessarily get a lot of the bright lights. Again, we represent a lot of buyers. We represent a lot of land sellers. We do a lot of work with users, buying and selling properties. So to understand our business and our capital markets business, you have to look far beyond the headlines.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please proceed with your question. 
Brandon Dobell: Maybe some color on the outlook for the GSE business or businesses for the rest of the year. How do you think the mortgage origination MSR impact will look versus how you thought it was going to look or how it looked last year?
Jim Groch: Overall, we're expecting it to be relatively flat versus last year, but a little more consistent quarter to quarter. Last year, there was a lot of activity in the first couple quarters and then it began to taper off, particularly in Q3 as the GSEs started to hit caps. Our conversations with the GSEs is that they're working hard to have that volume be more stable quarter to quarter this year and that's how we see it playing out.
Brandon Dobell: Within GWS, if you look at the renewals and the expansions, the ones that you've already had an opportunity to go in and redo, have they played out like you'd hope they would in terms of pricing dynamics, expansion service lines, breadth of expansions? Just trying to get a better feel for same customer growth when you had an opportunity to really go in and pitch the broader service lines relative to what JCI was able to pitch.
Jim Groch: It's still a little early on the JCI accounts in they've only been a part of our business for a short period of time, but our early experience is quite positive and in line with what we have expected.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And now that you've had it and again, only been a couple of quarters here -- but relative to how you'd had the organizational structure or the leadership structure and reporting lines set up to take advantage of the acquisition, have you changed how you've managed the people, managed the processes much at all since you set it up initially? I'm just trying to get a feel for, did you go in thinking it should be managed one way or set up one way and you elected to change it based on what you've seen clients say?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we've certainly, as we do with all acquisitions -- and by the way, as we do with our whole business, we're regularly looking at what works and what doesn't work and tweaking the organization and trying to make it more efficient. We've done that with the GWS business as we expected we would. We have an organizational structure for that business now that we think is the go-forward structure that we don't expect to change much. We're very, very excited about it. We think it's going to be very efficient. We think it's going to be particularly good for our clients and we're excited.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And as we think about expenses for the balance of the year, maybe the cadence of how the synergies within GWS, the cadence of how some of the cost containment efforts, maybe just a little more color on how the seasonality of the expenses may look 2016 versus 2015?
Jim Groch: I think overall, given the size of our business, the couple of things that you talked about aren't likely to change the quarter-to quarter cadence of the business.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question. 
Anthony Paolone: Can you touch on where incremental EBITDA margins are for some of the key business lines right now?
Jim Groch: Anthony, we're not giving specific incremental margins by line of business. I think you've seen us continue to increase margins by line of business. We noted at the end of last year that the overall margin for the business would come down a little bit. We estimated by around plus or minus 17% margin on fee revenue in full year 2016 as the business mix has changed so materially, but the margins by line of business, generally, are increasing slowly over time with the advantage of the scale on just focused efficiency.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then on the cost saves, can you just remind us -- I can't recall if last quarter if you gave it a total dollar amount that you anticipated achieving. It seems like you guys spent some money this quarter to get to those things. It maybe was like $8 million or $9 million. I'm just wondering how much more is left to spend and what the level of comp saves you expect to get will be from that?
Jim Groch: We've not given guidance on that, Anthony. We're deep into just looking in the nooks and crannies for things that are not adding value. And like I said on an earlier comment to an earlier question, we will reinvest a chunk of those savings in things and particularly around technology and data analytics and other areas that we see giving lift to the business.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Bob Sulentic for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us here today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - IR Bob Sulentic - President and CEO Jim Groch - CFO Gil Borok - Deputy CFO and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Brandon Dobell - William Blair Mitch Germain - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and a brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Iaco. You may now begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you and welcome to CBRE's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter and full year. This release is posted on the homepage of our website, CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. You can also find there a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Now, please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, business outlook, financial performance, market share, earnings and adjusted EPS expectations for 2016. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements we may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at sec.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations together with the explanation of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Groch, our CFO and Gil Borok, our Deputy CFO and Chief Accounting Officer. Please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Steve and good morning everyone. 2015 was another year of exceptional performance for CBRE, and this strong performance continued through the fourth quarter. For both period, we set new company records for revenue and adjusted earnings and drove double-digit growth.  We are the first firm in our sector to exceed $10 billion in revenue and $1.4 million in normalized EBITDA, and we obtained these milestones while making strategic gains across CBRE. Notably, our occupier outsourcing business is materially stronger with the acquisition of the Global Workplace Solutions business. We have an unrivaled ability to self-perform facilities management services around the world.  In capital markets, we made market share gains around the globe. We acquired nine leading companies in 2015, enhancing our capabilities in energy management, retail data analytics, capital markets and consulting. We had our third straight year of outsized recruiting gains as hundreds of new senior brokerage and capital markets professionals net of departures elected to join our team. The average production of people joining our team is three times higher than those who leave.  We opened our 30th new state-of-the-art alternative workplace office, providing our people with a collaborative and innovative work environment. Finally, we ended the year with a balance sheet that is stronger than at any time in recent history, highlighted by investment grade credit ratings. We thank our more than 70,000 employees for an excellent year in 2015 and for their commitment to our clients.  Now Jim will take you through our results in greater detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to slide 5, as you’ve seen in our press release, CBRE’s growth in 2015 was outstanding. Revenue rose 20% to 10.9 billion, fee revenue increased 14% to 7.7 billion, normalized EBITDA rose 21% to 1.4 billion, and adjusted EPS was up 22% to $2.05 a share.  Profitability was strong with an 18.3% normalized EBITDA margin on fee revenue in 2015 of approximately 110 basis points from 2014. This performance was achieved in spite of significant headwinds from currency movements. Our three regional service segments achieved a 27% increase in normalized EBITDA with a margin on fee revenue of 16.5%, up 100 basis points for the year.  Bob mentioned the strength of our balance sheet, despite investing approximately 1.6 billion in nine acquisitions during the year, we ended 2015 with no outstanding borrowings on our 2.6 billion revolving credit facility, 470 million of available cash and short term investments and net debt of just under 1.6 times normalized EBITDA. Please turn to slide 6, for a look at full year revenue growth by line of business. Our businesses continue to exhibit excellent broad based momentum in 2015. Revenue from contractual sources totaled 6 billion; contractual fee revenue was 2.9 billion, up 29% in local currency or 14% without the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Leasing surpassed 2.5 billion of global revenue of 11% in local currency. The capital markets business, property sales and mortgage services exceeded 2.1 billion in revenue and achieved 20% growth in local currency. The multi-year shift towards a more stable, recurring business mix continued in 2015. Contractual fee revenue plus leasing which is largely recurring totaled 70%.  Please turn to slide 7; where we will shift our attention from the full year to a review of our financial performance in Q4. Revenue and adjusted earnings growth for the quarter was very strong. Fee revenue improved 23% in local currency and 10% without the contribution from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. This growth was achieved on top of an exceptionally strong Q4 2014, when revenue increased 28% versus Q4 2013. Normalized EBITDA for the quarter totaled 518 million, a 26% increase from last year’s Q4, or 31% increase in local currency. Our profit margin also improved significantly. At 20.3%, our normalized EBITDA margin on fee revenue increased 130 basis points over prior year Q4. Adjusted earnings per share increased 19% to $0.81 for the quarter.  Q4 2015 normalized EBITDA reflects the following adjustments. 26 million of carried interest expense, which we will recognize in future period, when we record, associated revenue. This aligns the timing of expense and revenue recognition. 24 million of integration cost related to the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions, and 40 million incurred to eliminate cost to enhance margins going forward.  Please turn to slide 8, where we will review Q4 results for our three regional services segments all in local currency. Fee revenue increased 17% in the Americas as every business line exhibited growth. In the EMEA fee revenue improved 36% as we saw healthy gains across the region particularly in Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.  In Asia Pacific, fee revenue rose 27% with Australia, Greater China and India setting the pace for growth. Absent the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, fee revenue rose 9% in the Americas, 12% in EMEA and 11% in Asia Pacific. Normalized EBITDA increased 9% for the Americas, 45% for EMEA and 24% for Asia Pacific. Q4 normalized EBITDA margin on fee revenue for the three regions combined was 16.3%.  Please turn to slide 9 for a review of the performance of our major global lines of business in Q4. All percentage increases are in local currency. For the company as a whole, contractual fee revenue plus leasing, which is largely recurring totaled 73% of fee revenue for the quarter. Occupier outsourcing fee revenue more than doubled with the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions.  Excluding contributions from this acquisition, occupier outsourcing continued to exhibit strong double-digit growth with a 19% increase in fee revenue. Asset services has a strong quarter, fee revenues increased 12% with notable growth in EMEA and the Americas. Investment management also had a strong quarter, revenue rose 22% driven by carried interest on property dispositions, reflecting strong returns generated for fund investors. Our valuations business grew revenue 9%.  Leasing revenue rose 8% globally. This was muted by 4% growth in the United States, which reflects a solid performance on top of an exceptionally strong 28% year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter of 2014. Global growth and leasing was paced by a 22% increase in Europe, notably France and the United Kingdom as well as strong contributions from Canada and Mexico.  Our Capital markets business remained highly active globally, although growth rate slowed from earlier in the year. Global property sales rose 7% after accounting for the decline in market volumes in the United Kingdom. The global growth rate in Q4 excluding the United Kingdom was 13%. Investor interest in the United Kingdom remained strong with Cap rate stable and rental rates increasing in Q4.  But we are seeing capital migrate to Continental Europe, as local economies there strengthened and property yields are higher. In the United States, our sales revenues grew 10% as we once again gained significant market share according to RCA.  Commercial mortgage services revenue increased 6%, as expected gains from mortgage servicing rights with the US government sponsored enterprises were flat as the agencies reached the regulatory caps on their lending. However loan originations were higher with banks, conduits and other debt capital sources. Our global loan servicing portfolio totaled a 135 billion at year end.  Please turn to slide 10, regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional services segment. Even without the benefit of the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, 2015 was a record year in terms of occupier outsourcing contracts.  We brought onboard more new clients and importantly expanded our services scope for more existing clients than ever before. In addition we continue to make meaningful inroads in Europe and Asia, as well as in key verticals like healthcare, datacenters and life sciences. Feedback from our clients has exceeded our expectations and we are on course to materially complete client facing integration activities over the next 60 days.  Please turn to slide 11, regarding our global investment management segment. Revenue rose 22% in local currency and normalized EBITDA nearly doubled, fueled by 30 million of carried interest tied to significant returns for our clients on property dispositions. The strong performance of our investment programs relative to industry benchmarks continues to help us attract capital. New equity commitments totaled 7 billion in 2015.  In Q4, assets under management grew 3 billion to 89 billion after a 1.1 billion drag from currency movement. For the year, AUM was up 1.9 billion in local currency but down 1.6 billion when converted in to US dollars.  Please turn to slide 12, regarding our development services segment. As anticipated development services had a very strong quarter, several large asset sales resulted in EBITDA of nearly 75 million for Q4. Development projects in process totaled 6.7 billion at year-end 2015, up 1.3 billion from 2014. The pipeline inventory totaled 3.6 billion down 0.4 billion as projects converted to in-process.  Please turn to slide 13. I will conclude my remarks by reiterating three points that highlight the financial strength of the business. Normalized EBITDA was up 21% for the year and 26% for the quarter. We achieved a margin on fee revenue of 18.3% for the year and our available liquidity exceeds $3 billion.  Now please turn to slide 14, as I turn the call back to Bob for closing remarks. 
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Jim. From all you’ve heard today, it should be clear that CBRE has a sustainable competitive advantage. Our leading global brand and strong culture help us to attract and keep tremendous talent and highly desirable clients. Investments in our platform especially in technology and data analytics are helping our people to create more value for these clients.  Our revenue base is more stable and stickier than ever before. For 2016, we expect occupier outsourcing to continue its track record at strong performance. We anticipate low double-digit revenue growth this year before the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business.  Leasing revenue should increase at a high-single digit rate, as we continue to gain market share. Our capital markets businesses which consist of property sales and mortgage services are most influenced by the financial markets and volumes can be hard to predict quarter-to-quarter. However, we believe that the strong fundamentals and the value that real estate offers relative to other asset classes will continue to draw global capital to real estate in 2016.  We estimate our capital markets revenue will grow the rate in the mid-to-high single digits. Normalized EBITDA from our combined principal businesses, global investment management and development services is anticipated to be flat to slightly down in 2016, reflecting a very strong 2015. The shift to a more stable recurring business mix will continue as our financial results include a full year contribution from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Even with this shift in business mix in 2016, we expect our industry leading margin on fee revenue to approximately 17%.  While we are mindful of concerns about China’s slowing growth and the effect of lower oil prices, fundamentals in our sector remain on solid footing. We are positioned for another strong year in 2016, but are maintaining flexibility in case the economy weakens. Our outlook is based on economist consensus view that the global economy will maintain its modest rate of growth in 2016. We anticipate double-digit growth again this year, supported by continued gains in market share and expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.27 to $2.37 for 2016. This equates to a growth rate of 13% at the midpoint of our guidance.  With that operator, we’ll open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question today comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: My first question is just to try to understand in 2015 can you tell us what the EBITDA was for things like promotes and gains and incentive fees and so forth, because it’s a little tough to tie kind of where that shows up in revenue or equity and income and then the adjustments to match expenses that. So do you have just an EBITDA number for those items in ’15? 
Gil Borok: Hi Anthony its Gil. We’re not going disclose an EBITDA number, but I can tell you that in terms of the gains that being they were mostly attributable to development that were exposed to equity earnings and the carried interest flows through revenue.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay, so then if I could see what those are and for 2016 then in your guidance, am I reading this right, that you have that same level of those items in ’16 or no. 
Jim Groch: Anthony this is Jim Groch. As we said that we expect for the year that it will be flat to down slightly combined for those two businesses which would include any promote income. And then also in the investment management slide, you can see we breakout promote revenue for that business, so that you can see that separately.  And the Anthony I would also just highlight for you that, if you’re trying to get to kind of the underlying performance of the three regional services businesses, the performance in Q4 and for the year for the three regional services businesses was very strong. So EBITDA in the three regional service businesses which would not include development or investment management was up 19% in local currency for the quarter, 14% in USD. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And then how do we think of the impact of currency in your 2016 guidance right now. Like how do you guys think about that [dead] end?
Jim Groch: We can’t forecast obviously gains and losses for hedging positions because the currencies will determine that for us as we see movement throughout the year. So there’s a good bit headwind already baked in to our forecast. As you know the dollar strengthened throughout the year and we don’t have any hedging gains in our guidance. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And then Bob you mentioned maintaining flexibility if the economy weakens, so just wondering if you can elaborate what that means? Is that built in to your guidance or does that mean that you’re prepared to cost? So just trying to understand what type of process is there?
Bob Sulentic: Well part of that comment was related to the broader range than we normally provide. We normally as you know Anthony provide a nickel range, and we’ve provided a dime range this year for earnings. And then as it relates to the ongoing operations of our business, we make choices about growth based, an investment based on how we see the year unfold, as you would expect us to do. So that’s really what we’re talking about there. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And then as of now and then just think about your outlook, you mentioned using your guide posters as economist views, just curiously if anything has changed since your business review day in November in terms of how you’re seeing clients behave or seeing demand either regionally or by business segments, if that’s decelerated, stayed about the same or just how you’re feeling about that outside of perhaps maybe what the economists are calling for. 
Bob Sulentic: No, outside of what the economists are talking about, what we are seeing with our clients is what you see in the guidance we gave by line of business. It’s an active market place for what we do. We are a month in to the year and it’s the slowest month of the year, so you can’t draw any conclusions. We’ve reflected what we believe kind of the collective view of our people and our people on the streets so to speak and our research people and our economist think and that’s all wound up in the guidance we gave by line of business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions. 
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping may be spent some more time just talking about the durability of your business as it stands currently in the event of an economic downturn considering what we’re all seeing in public equity markets and headlines over the last few months. May be you can give us some metrics to think about on how your business would perform if we were to have a recession and how that compares with what we saw during the last recession. 
Jim Groch: Well as you know the business is a dramatically different business than existed back in say 2006 or ’07 before the last recession. Capital markets which is the piece with more variability is more economically sensitive as a much smaller part of the yield for all business, the contractual revenues in particular, asset management and facility management generally are either stable or in the case of asset services counter cyclical make up a much, much larger percentage of the business and that’s growing and will continue to grow as the acquisition shows up in our full year numbers.  So I think the business is just a different business than existed at that time. And the other comment I would make is our balance sheet is dramatically different balance sheet than existed at that time. We have enormous liquidity; we have very, very small amounts of maturities coming out for the next several years.  So we are nicely poised to take advantage of opportunities. There are parts of our business that will be impacted if we go in to a recession, but overall I think we’ll see tremendous opportunities to take advantage of as well. 
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: And may be talking about the opportunities since M&A has been such a focus, can you talk about the flexibility you’re looking to maintain does that imply potential slowdown in incremental M&A activity and also when you look at M&A targets, are you seeing any of the weakness that we’re seeing in the public equity markets begin to be reflected and the private M&A multiples that you would be looking at.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah Brad, this is Bob. When we talk about the opportunities, we are going to see in a downturn and how we are positioned relative to the last cycle, as Jim said not only is our balance sheet dramatically more compelling. We’ve made a lot of investments in our business that make this a better place for people to come to, infill acquisitions want to be here more, brokers want to be here more because of the way we can support them through the capabilities we have, and as a result when you’re thinking of downturn, not only will we have the financial dry powder to invest, we’ll have a platform that will be more attractive to different types of targets, people and businesses, and that proposition we think is really exciting for our company. 
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay and just a touch on incremental M&A at this point would fulfill any acquisitions, would we expect you to continue to pace that we’ve seen over the course of 2015. 
Bob Sulentic: I think we’re just going to have to see how that plays out. We continue to be very disciplined, we do still have a nice strong volume of infill M&A, as strong as we’ve seen in the past. But we are selective around [fit] and we’re very careful around pricing.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: And somewhat related to that, are you able to say with the balance sheet at 1.6 times EBITDA now, what the guidance range that you have given today would imply for year-end 2016 leverage levels. 
Bob Sulentic: We’re not going to give a specific number on that, but you know the amount of cash flow that we’re generating. So unless we do a large transaction in the year, it’s likely that we’ll end the year at a lower leverage rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America - Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your questions. 
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So there’s been some surveys about tightening underwriting standards on commercial real estate loans, and some new risk retention regulations coming in fact later this year that may reduce CMBS issuance. I’m just wondering, are you seeing sort of similar trends in your commercial debt markets and what would you expect the impact to be on the capital markets business in 2016 from that.
Jim Groch: I’d start by saying the impact from anything that we are aware of is baked in to our guidance. And I’d also comment that we believe real estate offers compelling value today relative to other asset classes and capital flows in to real estate from enormously varied range of investment types and vehicles. And just the strength of the fundamentals in the sector and the value that’s embedded in that asset class and what we’ve seen in the market and performance in Q4 leaves us feeling fairly optimistic about the strength of the sector. 
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Sure. And then I’m a little bit surprised on the commentary that the two principle businesses could be flat in terms of EBITDA contribution in ’16. Are there specific funds that have come into maturity or in development projects that are nearing sales that give you pretty good visibility and confidence in that projection. 
Bob Sulentic: David we do have good visibility in to those businesses and the reason we’re projecting flat to slightly down is because we had a particularly good fourth quarter this year. And so we could be surprised as we were by the time we get to next year, but we have in both of those businesses, we have things going on that make us think we’ll do similarly to what we did this year which would be good performance. 
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And last one from me, the publicly traded REIT index have moved down, wondering if you’ve seen a widening out in the private market for bid ask spreads in the capital markets business most recently here in January. 
Jim Groch: What I would say on that, the best day probably is just the cap rates where deals are closing and cap rates have either been flat or improved a bit i.e. cap rates if your seller cap rates have come down. So we’re not seeing that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: May be a little color on how closely tied the leasing business is becoming to the Occupier Outsourcing and asset services, maybe from a couple point of view, one, how much of leasing revenues in ’15 have some connection to either tight or loose from the Occupier and asset contracts. How should we think about that number progressing in ’16? And from a contribution point of view, given your comments on how leasing growth here looks in to ’16, and how much variability around that growth rate could come from what happens with the Occupier Outsourcing and asset services connection with leasing. 
Jim Groch: Hi Brandon this is Jim. I think our strength in the Occupier Outsourcing business supports our ability to gain market share in the Occupier leasing side of the business. And that’s really the impact. As we expand contractual relationships with clients on a multi-product outsourcing basis, that business becomes stickier, actually contractual in many cases and you see our market share improving and it’s just one of the factors that supports our market share gains in the leasing business.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Any sense of how headcount growth looked ’15 versus ’14 in leasing in particular but also across capital markets?
Jim Groch: Brandon we won’t be giving specific numbers, but we had a third straight of very, very strong gains associated with recruiting in both the capital market side as we call the brokerage side or leasing side to the tune of hundreds of brokers net. The other thing that’s really important there is, that the average production and we do track this quite closely. The average production of the people we’re bring on is three times the average production of the brokerage that are exiting, and sometimes you’ll read in the market place or hear a story about a CBRE broker that landed somewhere else. We have close tabs on those ins and outs, and not only is the headcount up pretty materially, but the average production per producer coming in is very strong. 
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: And then either for Jim or Gil, you guys talked about the cost containment expenses, I think it was a $40 million number in the quarter. What is actually expected to keep going, is that related to GWS or is it something separate. Just want to get a sense of what that is and how we should think about it this year. 
Jim Groch: Sure. Late in the second half of last year, we started looking around in our business as we’d almost doubled the size of the company in four years. And as we get more granular looking at the margins in the company and in businesses around the world, we started to focus more on businesses that have margins that we felt should be higher than they were.  And that’s been our focus and that’s what those charges are. So while we grew headcount quite a bit in the business, we did have material number of folks that we let go to make businesses more efficient, where we just felt the businesses were underperforming. And probably we’ll be continuing to look for those opportunities throughout the year. 
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Was that or will it be concentrated in a particular geography or service line?
Jim Groch: No, we are looking everywhere. As you know we get pretty granular down at the markets and submarkets around the world by lines of business. So it’s a global initiative to be particularly focused on businesses that just may not have received as much attention in this perhaps they should have received at a time where we’ve just been growing the business so much. 
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: And final one from me, your expectations for synergies or growth from GWS compared to the prior expectations that you guys have put out around the time of the acquisitions, how you think about that, either contribution or impacting ’16 versus your prior thoughts. 
Jim Groch: No change to our prior guidance. I think we’re very much on track with the guidance we’ve given.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Bob you talked about the addition of several hundred net producers. I guess I am just curious, I couldn’t understand from your commentary in terms of your sentiments towards recruiting going in to 2016. Is it just as strong or has it come down a bit here. 
Bob Sulentic: Here’s how we think about that. Every year we have targets Mitch and we have a very active program with our leaders around the world. And when I say leaders around the world, not just at the high level, but all the way in to the local markets to recruit.  We will have that again this year, the last three years we’ve exceeded our going in expectations. We will pursue an aggressive path this year, and as the year unfolds we’ll determine what we actually do.  One of the things I will say is, that there’s been some foolish deals made in all three regions of the world in recruiting. We will not participate in that activity, we’ll be very careful on an individual by individual basis to make sure anybody we bring on, we bring on a basis that works obviously for them, but also for our company and we’ll see how the market place for recruiting unfolds during the year. But going in we expect to have an aggressive program again this year. 
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: And then just what’s your thoughts regarding capital markets, your guidance kind of mid to high-single digit. Is there a way to think about how you’re looking at that on a regional basis?
Jim Groch: I think the only comment we make on a regional basis is that we expect Asia Pacific region to be softer, although let’s say in the rage of plus or minus flat, relative to the Americas and Europe where we expect it to be stronger.  The other comment I would make is just Asia is obviously a pretty small part of our business in the capital market side.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Understood. How’s the integration going at point? I know you updated us at the investor day, but just curious, as we sit here in the start of February?
Bob Sulentic: The big thing I’d point to there Mitch is our people and our clients. It’s going quite well with our clients and the single most probably satisfying part of this whole combination is that our people and the legacy GWS people are really quite excited about what the combined business has to offer. So it’s going well with our clients, it’s going well with our people and Jim already commented on the financial side of things as expected. 
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: How does the cross-sell of services, I mean what’s the timing on when you could start to unlock some of those ancillary revenues?
Bob Sulentic: Our position on that hasn’t changed. It hasn’t been even six months yet and so our total focus is on transitioning those accounts, transitioning the people related to the accounts and doing a great job for the clients. And if we do that, we’re going to have lots of cross-sell opportunities because those are big, big names obviously in the corporate world and they have a lot of real estate needs and we think there will be opportunity out there, but we’re not handicapping what that will be. We’re simply focused on doing a great job for them, under the assumption that that will be rewarded when it happens. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Just a few follow-ups. Can you put any parameters around investment sales and how much of that revenue comes from say smaller building sales, whatever that breakpoint may be in your view versus say the more core major assets and the more institutional realm? Just trying to understand where the revenue comes from there. 
Jim Groch: Anthony we don’t break that out, we do have substantial businesses both ends of the spectrum and in the middle, and by the way, both ends and the middle are all growing. But we do not break that out. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And so I guess going down the path in my mind thinking about CMBS spreads widening and the liquidity there getting more difficult, do you see that putting pressure on perhaps the lower end of that spectrum at all or is that not something you guys believe is going to play out. 
Jim Groch: We don’t see that having a big impact, they’re just enough varied sources of capital and enough interest in the sector that we don’t think that will have a big impact. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And then in Europe, it seems like there’s been this divergence between what’s happen on the sales side and the leasing side. How do you think that plays out in the next few quarters?
Jim Groch: It’s a little hard to say because it’s also varying perhaps from market to market. So, the UK on the sales side has been incredibly strong, for a number years volume was down significantly in the quarter and the cap rates were lower i.e. improved if you’re a seller in the quarter and rental rates rose in Q4 in the UK from Q3.  So the fundamentals of the market are really strong, and I think capital tends to get ahead of the fundamentals. So the investors are smart and they’re looking ahead and I think we’re now finally seeing the fundamentals begin to improve in a material way on the leasing side. But that in and of itself is positive for the capital side as well, so I think it’s playing out in a way that feels rational. Couldn’t comment more than that.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: And then with regards to the more one-time in nature items like the business initiatives and the deal related costs. I know those are tough to predict, but you had a lot of them in the quarter. Does that come down in the next few quarters or do you expect an elevated level of those types of adjustments because of some of the reviews of the businesses that you mentioned earlier.
Jim Groch: We’re not predicting any specific numbers on that front. I will tell you that we’re very careful about numbers that we normalize, so we’re always cutting, we’re always attentive cost structure and we’re always trimming a little here or there and we don’t normalize for that activity. We don’t even normalize for one-time cost on most of our infill acquisitions.  So we try to be prudent around how we think about and deal with one-time cost and even now as we’re going through with some more material cost reduction program, where it does make sense to normalize out some of these costs so people have a real understanding of the underlying business.  Even in that process, we’re being very careful. We really let someone go because of underperformance to not count that cost or any cost that might be attributed to that, because those aren’t more permanent reductions. So I think you can feel comfortable as an investor that we’re attentive to trying to be thoughtful about that. And if you see more one-time cost, it will be because we found opportunities to increase margins and businesses and there’s some real costs associated with it. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay, and as you guys go through this review and look at the cost structure, you know in the last downturn I think I don’t remember exactly what the number was, but I think it went in to the hundreds of millions of dollars that you guys pulled out of the system. Do you think that there is things of that magnitude that are going to emerge or do you feel like you’re going in to ’16 with just much leaner business than perhaps in hindsight you had going in to the last downturn. 
Bob Sulentic: Anthony this is nothing remotely like that. The cost we cut in the fourth quarter in the program we’re working with, is as Jim said, it’s not the routine ongoing shedding of cost here and there in the business. It was a meaningful cost cutting effort, but it is not in the same league with what we did in ’07-’08, I guess in ’08 and’09. Nothing like that, the business is generally lean. Look we’ve grown for several years and as Jim said, we’ve doubled the business over the last four years and we’ve been focused on offense and we found there were some opportunities so we got after it in a meaningful way. But it’s not what you remember from before. 
Jim Groch: Yeah, and Anthony just to put that in to perspective the cost cutting, the charge there its less than a half of 1% of our cost structure. So the business is much, much larger and the cost cuts are much, much smaller. I think we are still in a growth mode. We’re just looking more granularly at individual businesses that are underperforming relative to expectations. So our expectations - and that we’re just trying to be thoughtful business managers as we do that. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. Mr. Sulentic, would you like to make any closing remarks?
Bob Sulentic: Thanks to everybody for being with us, and we’ll talk you again at the end of the first quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - Senior Managing Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Bob Sulentic - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer, Global Director, Corporate Development Gil Borok - Executive Vice President, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Tony Paolone - JPMorgan Brandon Dobell - William Blair Mitch Germain - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Iaco, Investor Relations for CBRE. Thank you, Mr. Iaco. You may now begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you. Welcome to CBRE's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter. This release is posted on the homepage of our website, CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast through the Investor Relations section of our website. You can also find there a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Before we get started, we would like to remind all of you that we will host our Annual Business Outlook Day in New York on December 3rd. This is an opportunity to provide the investment community with an in depth understanding of our business lines and our strategy. We look forward to see many of you there. Now, please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and adjusted earnings per share expectation, including expected contributions and cost synergies from the newly acquired global workplace solutions business and its integration. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may make today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed in 2015 and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at sec.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe to be the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations together with the explanation of these measures can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Groch, our CFO and Gil Borok, our Deputy CFO and Chief Accounting Officer. During our remarks expect or where otherwise noted or reference to percentage increase or decrease are in local currency as calculated by comparing current period results at prior period exchange rates versus prior period results. Now, please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The third quarter of 2015 was an eventful period for CBRE. As you saw on our press release, we posted excellent results with strong top-line and bottom-line growth around the world, highlighted by a 28% increase in adjusted earnings per share. We also moved decisively to fortify our market leading occupier outsourcing business with the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions on September 1st. This is our largest acquisition in nearly a decade and one of the most compelling ever completed in our sector. The combination creates a platform unlike anything that has previously existed in our industry with high complementary product offerings and common cultures around innovation and client services. It broadens our value proposition, creates true global scale, deepen our relationships with prominent global corporations and enriches our talent pool. Our last three large strategy acquisitions are recurring revenue businesses that operate under contracts that are typically five years or longer. These acquisitions have helped to transform CBRE into a more resilient business. We now have it dramatically more powerful integrated service offering while maintaining our core focus on commercial real estate services. We also continued to make gains through investments in recruiting, training, technology, branding and research. All positioned to help us deliver great outcomes for clients and to drive growth. We saw the pay off from these investments across CBRE in the third quarter. Notably, our services business comprised of the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions, again, posted significant revenue and normalized EBIT growth with solid margin expansion. Our Investment Management business also performed well. Now, Jim will provide you with more specific insight into our performance.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. I will begin with an update on our overall performance and the expected contributions from our recent acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions. Please turn to Slide 5. In Q3, our business continued to exhibit excellent broad-based momentum. Revenue and earnings growth for the quarter was very strong. In local currency, gross revenue increased 26%, while fee revenue rose 21%. Without the one month contribution from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, gross and fee revenue were both, up 16% in local currency. Normalized EBITDA totaled $345 million, an 18% improvement from last year's Q3 or a 24% improvement in local currency. Profitability was strong with a 17.8% normalized EBITDA margin on fee revenue, up approximately 60 basis points from Q3 2014. Adjusted earnings per share increased 28% to $0.51 for the quarter. Please turn to Slide 6 for an update on the expected financial contributions from the newly acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. This acquisition greatly enhanced our ability to serve leading corporations around the world. We funded about one-third of the purchase price with cash and temporary revolver borrowings and two-thirds with attractively priced five-year and seven-year bank debt and 10-year bonds. Both Moody's and Standard & Poor's affirmed our investment grade credit rating. The integration of Global Workplace for existing occupier outsourcing business is off to a great start. Morale is very high, our organization structure percent senior leadership, line of business leaders and geographic leadership is in place. Feedback from clients, their consultants and our shareholders has been overwhelmingly positive as the rational for the acquisition and value proposition is clear. We have identified additional cost synergies and now expect run rate annual synergies of approximately $50 million, up from our initial estimate of $35 million in March 2015. We anticipate achieving approximately $30 million of the synergy in 2016, with the remaining run rate savings largely realized by year end 2017. When we announced the acquisition in March, we indicated expected material accretion to our adjusted 2016 EPS with a mid single digit percentage increase. We are now raising our estimate to high single digit percentage increase accretion in 2016.  We closed the acquisition in the early part of our expected timeframe and raised financing with minimal interest expense in advance of closing. In light of this, we now expect the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business to contribute $0.03 to $0.04 to adjusted earnings per share for the last four months of 2015. Calendar year Q4 has typically been a seasonally slower period for the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business due to its fiscal year previously ending September 30th As a result accretion from the last four months of 2015 is not indicative of the higher expected run rate contribution in 2016. Please turn to Slide 7 for a review of the performance of our major global lines of business in Q3. As a reminder, I am referencing percentage increases in local currency unless noted otherwise. For the company as whole, contractual fee revenue plus leasing, which is largely recurring totaled 68% of total fee revenue. Occupier outsourcing showed strong growth in all three regions, excluding transaction revenue generated by this business which is accounted for in leasing and sales revenue, occupier outsourcing achieved a 53% increase in fee revenue. Excluding the contribution from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, fee revenue rose 14%. Asset services growth was moderate with fee revenue up 4%. Investment Management performed well, fee revenue increased 19% fueled by higher carried interest tied to property dispositions. Valuation again grew nicely, with global fee revenue up 14%. We benefited from higher volumes of appraisal and consulting work which stem in part from acquisitions we made in 2014. Property leasing revenue again rose by double digits with 12% growth globally led by Europe and Asia-Pacific. The growth rate in U.S. slowed modestly, but remained strong and 9%. We are seeing less availability in Class A office space in a few gateway markets with new development accelerating, but generally still lagging demand. This makes then the time it takes to complete certain larger lease transactions. However, we continue to reap the benefits of very strong recruiting activity, higher productivity from our existing brokerage teams and modest rent growth. Our capital markets business continued to perform exceptionally well and had gains in market share and strong capital flows into real estate. Property sales revenue rose 19% with region producing markedly higher activity. In the U.S., we logged impressive market share gains as confirmed by our RCA. At a time when the overall market activity was flat for the quarter. We continued to see activity broadening in the secondary markets in the U.S. and EMEA. In Asia-Pacific, Australia and Hong Kong accounted for lion share of the increase. Mortgage services also remained robust with revenue up 33%. Even though as expected, loan volume with the U.S. government-sponsored enterprises leveled off due to the regulatory caps. Banks life companies and other debt capital sources stepped up their lending. Please turn to Slide 8, overview Q3 results for our three regional services segments all in local currency. Fee revenue increased 18% in the Americas. In EMEA, fee revenue increased 29%. We saw healthy gains across the region, including France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. In Asia-Pacific, fee revenue rose 22%, with growth led by Australia, Greater China and India. Fee revenue growth without the contribution from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business was 14% in the Americas, 19% EMEA and 17% in Asia-Pacific. Normalized EBITDA increased 18% in the Americas, 70% in EMEA and 54% in Asia-Pacific. Please turn to Slide 9, regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which is reported within the three regional services segment. This business line, which we previously called global corporate services adopted the Global Workplace Solution name on September 1st. This move reflects Global Workplace Solutions' high brand values in the facility management sector and increasingly diverse workspaces in which we are serving clients including hospitals, data centers, labs and manufacturing plants. Outsourcing continues to gain wider appeal and existing customers are taking advantage of our deeper and broader platform. In Q3, we set a new quarterly record for the number of expansions of existing contractual relationships. We also sign nine contracts with new or existing healthcare clients, reflecting the compelling and growing opportunity for CBRE in this sector. These numbers do not include contracts from the newly acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, which we will begin to reflect in our contract reporting in 2016. Please turn to Slide 10, regarding our Global Investment Management segment. This business performed well with $19 million of carried interest tied to significant property disposition activity. Capital raising totaled $1.8 billion in Q3 and $7 billion over the trailing four quarters. We continue to attract significant equity commitments based on the solid performance of our investment programs within 75% of our AUM has outperformed its long-term industry benchmark. At the end of Q3 assets under management of $86 billion were up $1.6 billion over prior year Q3 in local currency, but down $2.6 billion when converted into U.S. dollars. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding our Development Services segment. Pro forma revenue, which includes equity earnings and gains on real estate sales and EBITDA, both declined reflecting fewer large property dispositions than in last year's highly active Q3 period. However, activity is very strong and we expect most of this year's earnings to be achieved in Q4 from several large transactions. We now anticipate that our combined Investment Management and Development Services businesses or 2015 will moderately exceed 2014 performance. Development projects in process totaled $6.7 billion, up $1.3 billion since the end of 2014. The pipeline totaled $4 billion flat with year-end 2014 as projects have been converted from pipeline to in process. Now please turn to Slide 12 as I turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. As we enter Q4, 2015 is clearly emerging as another exceptional year for CBRE. The actions we have taken to upgrade our talent base, enhance our service offering, materially strengthen our operating platform, particularly around data and technology and fortify our financial position are yielding strong results for our clients and for our shareholders. We are mindful of the challenges to the global economy. However, in light of outperformance through the third quarter and our strategic and financial momentum, we are raising our full-year 2015 guidance for adjusted EPS by $0.10 to the $2.00 to $2.05 range. This new guidance implies 20% year-on-year growth in adjusted earnings per share at the mid-point of the range. With that, operator, we will go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question is from Brad Burke of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke: Good evening, guys. Congratulations on the quarter. I want to start with property sales. The growth was obviously strong in the U.S., certainly versus what a lot of us were expecting when you look at the RCA data and you had called out that you had taken share in the quarter, but I was hoping you could break down how much of the growth that you saw in Q3 was share gain versus maybe the market holding up a little bit better than what that third-party data would indicate, to the extent that you are gaining share, if you could touch on some of things that would be driving that?
Jim Groch: Hey, Brad. It is Jim Groch. We think RCA's data is pretty good, so we attribute the vast majority of our performance to the share gain.
Brad Burke: That is 17% growth in the quarter versus you had said RCA being zero, so the entirety of that is share gain?
Jim Groch: Yes. I think so. Now, as we say every quarter depending on which way these things go regardless of which way they go quarter-to-quarter swings in this data can move quite a bit from one quarter to another.
Brad Burke: Is that an increase in headcount or recruiting or better productivity or a combination of the two?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Brad. This is Bob. It is both. We've had a lot of recruiting success. That has been a big initiative for us for the last three years. You know we have talked about the fact that we have had a couple years ago was one of the best years in the history if not the best year in the history of our company. We repeated it last year. This year is on a similar pace and we are starting to see the benefit of that recruiting. We are seeing better production from some of our people. We are teaming in some ways and doing some things. We have built an in-house investment banking capability to support our investment sales professionals. That has been helpful in a number of cases. As a result all of this came together to produce what you saw this quarter. I think it is notable though what Jim said, these things do fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. This was a particular good quarter for us. Okay. That is helpful. With the capital markets business, I know it has been something that will spend nervous on - I was hoping that you could give us some thoughts about how that business is shaping up looking forward and also whether you are starting to see any sort of pullback in the credit markets?
Jim Groch: Brad, this is Jim. At the beginning of the year as you know we gave guidance that we thought the growth rate in this business would go back to high single digits. We think obviously the market we and market have outperformed that projection, but we still believe that business will slowdown in that is coming and we may have just been a little bit early on that call. We think it will slow down there at more sustainable level, but that continues to be our belief. The rate of increase in liquidity in the market has come down, but as you know there is still quite a bit of liquidity in the market.
Brad Burke: Okay. I guess, last one, just sticking with capital markets with the commercial mortgage business I think last quarter you had said there was a $50 million headwind to EBITDA. You were expecting Q3, Q4 due to the GSE lending caps and certainly it does not seem to have impacted the third quarter, so I was wondering whether that was still the case and if you are able to beat that what would be driving it.
Jim Groch: That ended up being about flat. For Q3, we are still projecting that Q4 will be down from prior year. We are now thinking, plus or minus $10 million, but it is a little hard to the project those numbers precisely. Other lenders have picked up pace, more capitals come in market from other sources as they have pulled back.
Brad Burke: All right. Thank you guys.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thanks Brad.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Tony Paolone of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tony Paolone: Thanks and good afternoon, everybody. First on GWS, I just want to reconcile if I think about the $237 million of revenue you got in September and annualized that I think it is a $2.8 million and it seems inside if our recall correctly the run rate revenues coming out of the deal, was there seasonality or can you just give a sense as to what the annualized number should be as we look at GWS in the first year?
Tony Paolone: Yeah. We will give a little more color when we normally do guidance and 90 days, but two comments. One is, the numbers I think may be referencing were from 2014, JCI had been shedding a couple of unprofitable contracts and then of course revenue and expenses were impacted by foreign-exchange since 2014.
Tony Paolone: Okay, so there will be some diminution in that just from a run rate point of view that should not be the number we look at.
Jim Groch: Yes. Not EBITDA, but revenue, yes.
Tony Paolone: All right, in the accretion guide that you gave with the transaction is that just to understand the connections. Is that kind of still the EBITDA that you originally expected I think plus the cost savings and then minus I guess interest expense on the bond deal you did then some DNA? Is that how you are getting to that accretion, just trying to understand the components of that number.
Jim Groch: Yes. Pretty much, I think you have outlined the right factors.
Tony Paolone: What was it that I guess surprised you or turned out to be a bit more positive to move from mid-single digit to high single digit accretion?
Jim Groch: There is two factors, one being increased synergy and the second just increased confidence.
Tony Paolone: Okay. In this synergy, I think you had mentioned $30 million, but I thought that was the same as what it was originally. Extra $20 million was something for 2017?
Jim Groch: No. When we first announced the deal on March, we referenced the $35 million run synergy and noted that we expected most of that to be back end weighted to the second year or not most of it, but referred to be more backend weighted, so that we would realize that over two years. That $35 million run rate synergy has now increased to $50 million and we are saying we believe we will achieve $30 million of that $50 million in the next calendar year in 2016. By the end of '17, we should largely achieve the full $50 million run rate synergy.
Tony Paolone: The total amount of synergy has increased and the pace at which we expect to achieve this synergy has increased.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Got it. Thanks for clarifying that. Then I have a question in development services and I guess as well as in investment management, given you know how robust capital markets are, do you think you will accelerate asset sales and drive promote incentive fees and that sort of stuff in the next few quarters? We noticed that it seem like your carried interest was little higher this quarter and just curious as to what your plans are with again the development pipeline being pretty large and moving its way through and then any other assets sales that might drive promotes?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony. You mentioned both, the development business and the Investment Management business. It has been the case for some time now and continues to be the case that we are aggressively harvesting assets in our Investment Management business, because that is what our clients want us to do. We are able to fetch good prices and recycle the capital for them in many cases and they are generating very good relative returns, so w will continue down that path. In the Development business, we built up a very healthy in-process portfolio of opportunities. They are very well underwritten, very good and we think that that business will contribute really nicely to the Company fourth quarter this year and next year and we are not doing anything to new accelerate it. Development projects have their own lifecycle and you have to get them improved design, built and leased up and then you can sell them, so we are not doing anything to accelerate that process, but that process is playing out. As you know, our portfolio of projects has grown nicely over the last couple years, so we expect to see some good returns as a result.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Can you share what the fourth quarter expected incentive fees or carried interested amount is going to be?
Jim Groch: Tony, what we mentioned, just before we opened up for questions is that we expect the combination of the two businesses to be up moderately over last year.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Then just last question, if I think about your various business lines and then also your various geographies and then overlay that with some of that the more macroeconomic volatility we have seen over the last few months, where you guys see pressure if anywhere on that matrix?
Jim Groch: Right now Tony, we are not seeing a lot of pressure. I would tell you where we are seen the strongest growth is in Europe. You saw the results this quarter, we expect that continue, but we saw good growth in places where people did not necessarily expected. In Greater China, we had nice growth. In Australia, we did, so we have not felt a lot of meaningful pressure at this point and the backlogs of business we have suggest that year should finish out nicely for us.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Thanks. Nice quarter.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brandon Dobell of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. I know you keep hammering the capital markets line for a second here. Do you feel there is any or was any acceleration in deals and just with an eye of maybe uncertainty towards the end of the year or people just kind of changing their approach based on how the interest rate noises is kind of playing through capital markets? Are people change their trajectory or was it just - it felt like deals that closed were closing when they were supposed to close?
Jim Groch: Brandon, this is Jim. We did not see any change in the dynamics of people try to accelerate deal closings. I would say that - you asked about coming forward next quarter. I mean, Q4 of the last two years has been really strong, so it is a little bit of a tough compare, but outside of that I think that the business activity is still strong.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Within the U.S. looking at the larger markets versus secondary markets, I know there are still some pretty big gaps in cap rates and things like that between those markets, but do you look at those if you want to divide the market into those two categories, where do you feel you have got more momentum or where do you feel the momentum is sustainable over a longer duration for your brokers?
Jim Groch: While there is still honestly an awful a lot of activity across the market globally both, in this core CBD markets and in the secondary markets, so we have seen strengthening in the secondary markets both, throughout the U.S. and the EMEA.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Then in GWS, maybe some color on how the cadence of the either contract renewals or your opportunity to kind of get under the covers of some of this contracts. How we should think about that impacting some of the potential knock on revenues around other services whether it would be add on to the existing contracts for facility or property, leasing maybe if some capital markets activity, but I guess I had focused on a more on the leasing and consulting around the existing contracts. Is it going to take four, five, six years to get through all these things or do you have opportunities to go back or to go with those customers kind of midstream and change what those deals might look like?
Bob Sulentic: Well, Brandon we always have the opportunity because of the full-service nature of what we do to talk to those and they are mostly large corporate still increasingly we are doing work for hospital systems and government enterprises, but we always have the opportunity to talk to them on a full-service basis, but we have made an absolute commitment to ourselves and to our clients that for the time being our focus for them with this acquisition which again as we talked about in our prepared remarks is the biggest we have done in a decade and really unlike anything to spend on our sector. The focus is on great results for our clients. We believe that the other things we do are not going to be a secret to them and that over time - provide make great services to them with work we do now. We will be able to integrate back and forth between the client base that we had and the client base that GWS brought to us with the very complementary services we have had, but that is not what we have talked about in our underwriting or - Jim has talked a number of times over the last couple of quarters about what we expect out of this deal. What we are talking about is, not that. That will be there if we do a good job. Our focus is on doing a good job. We think there will be upside, but we are not factoring in a lot of revenue synergy into that business right now. We are factoring in our normal growth and excellent execution and we think the revenue synergy will come as a result of that.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. The acquisition change, how we should think about the headcount growth trajectory for '16 i.e. do you need to add service professionals in the core service lines kind of around the GWS deal to really take advantage of the breadth of the portfolio or should we expect kind of the numbers of headcount you guys add in '16 it looks like it did in '15 to the growth rate it is a little bit slower?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We won't need to add a lot of professionals. We added a lot of professionals as you know and we are really kind of at a record pace the last couple of years.
Brandon Dobell: Yes.
Bob Sulentic: …in our transactional businesses and we work for 80%, 90% of a large companies around the world on the transaction site already. We are positioned to do more for those clients. We are position to do work on a contractual basis and we are seeing more of that, but we are not going to have to meaningfully ramp up our headcount to get that done.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain: All right. Thank you. Jim, we are trying to a better idea with regards to the guidance. It looks like better $0.03 to $0.04 of it was GWS, mortgage some carried interested is that the way they kind of think about the different variables that led you guys to take such a constructive view on the outlook?
Jim Groch: I would say those are factors, but really the businesses have been performing pretty strongly across all three regions and all lines of business. We do a bottoms up detailed review every quarter and it was that review that took us to this increase.
Mitch Germain: Great. If I look at the balance sheet a little over two times debt to EBITDA today, where do you see that factoring out? As 2016 progress, you see that dropping down to more normalized levels?
Jim Groch: When we announced the deal on March, we said we thought we would be 1.7 times leverage, 1.7 times EBITDA by year-end. I think we are right on track for that. Even that is a relatively conservative view, so our bank covenants will show a lower leverage ratio, because we can pro forma in the run rate EBITDA that that we have acquired et cetera, but on the most conservative view, we are just over two now and we will be under 2 by year-end.
Mitch Germain: Great. Then just two more quick question from me, one, in terms of retention GWS, it sounds like you said you guys have the business leaders in place and the management in place. Do you see any loss in terms of some of the key personnel that you guys were expecting to take on?
Bob Sulentic: Well, the most important people have signing employment agreements four, five years and are showing quite significant enthusiasm for the business and the combinations, so I do not think so. There will be some overlap, so there will be some people that leave, but I think we are in a very strong shape there as far as retention.
Mitch Germain: Great. Now that this deals has been completed, are you guys going to be now focusing back on some of the smaller tuck-in and strategic acquisitions?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. I think you will start to see pickup probably as early as our next quarterly call.
Mitch Germain: Great. Thank you. Great quarter.
Jim Groch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Ridley-Lane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. One concern we have heard from investors, the sources of the cross-border capital and either commodity driven economies or greater Asia economies are likely to slow going forward. What have you seen either quantitatively or anecdotally about cross-border capital flows?
Bob Sulentic: We have not seen that, David. What we have seen is that cross-border capital flows have remained strong. We have interviewed, we kind of pulled our clients in various ways. We think half of the clients that we did business with a year ago were moving capital across borders. Half of them intend to move more capital this year than I did year ago, so you saw the numbers not only for us, but for the whole market for the quarter and a year, so we have not seen a pullback in that at this point. It just has not been something we have seen. In Europe, in particular, we have seen a meaningful increasing cross-border flows into Europe.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. On the capital markets pipeline, so disruption we have seen in sort of the debt markets and around CMBS in particular has that been enough to put some deals out of the pipeline or has most of the things that you have been working on still very much go ahead for the fourth quarter?
Bob Sulentic: Yes. From what we have seen, there is sufficient capital from other sources to step in. As I mentioned earlier, we have been anticipating that the rate of growth in sales will come down to a more sustainable level and we still believe that that is likely to be the case, but we are not seeing deals die basically because of a lack of capital [ph].
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. Then kind of curious on the leasing volumes, did you see any impact from the market volatility or were corporations pretty ahead of confidence to go ahead and execute leases even with some of the broader market volatility in the quarter?
Bob Sulentic: We saw strong growth in leasing around the world, slightly slower growth in the U.S. this quarter than we have seen, but still very strong at 9%, so we have not seen the dynamic. We are expecting to see some of that in China, but we as of now have not seen that pullback and we are expecting to see a nice finish to the year. We are watching China like everybody else.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. Thank you very much.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain: I am sorry guys. Just one more from me, how should I look at the recurring that is the fee revenue of the Company on a pro forma level when we assume like a full year impact of the GWS deal?
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, we…
Mitch Germain: …to the whole…
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We have not given any guidance on that. When we come back next quarter, we will take a look at that. Maybe we can give some more color.
Mitch Germain: Thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Management for any closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone. We look forward to talking to you when we do our year-end release in three months.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - IR Bob Sulentic - President & CEO Jim Groch - CFO & Global Director, Corporate Development
Analysts: Tony Paolone - JPMorgan Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Mitch Germain - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brandon Dobell - William Blair
Operator: Welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Steve Iaco, with investor relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you and welcome to CBRE's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the quarter. This release is posted on the homepage of our website, CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. A presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks, can also be found there. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted on the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook, adjusted earnings per share expectations, expectations regarding our Government Sponsored Enterprise lending activities, the timing of incentive fee realizations and our ability to close and integrate the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, including the timing of that closing. These statements should be considered estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our second quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at SEC.gov. During this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we may provide reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations, together with explanations of these measures, can be found within the appendix of this presentation or in our earnings release. Please turn to slide 3. Participating on the call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. During our remarks, all references to the percentage increase or decrease in revenue are in local currency except where otherwise noted. Now please turn to slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. CBRE's excellent start to 2015 extended into the second quarter. Our business exhibited broad strength around the world and we continue to execute our strategy and our people create real competitive advantages for our clients. We were pleased to once again produced double-digit growth rates on the top and bottom lines.  Our growth was especially impressive, coming at a time when foreign currency exchange rates worked against us significantly. In local currency, our increases of 19% in revenue and 22% in normalized EBITDA are among our best on record, adjusted earnings per share, while up strongly at 17%, would have increased by more than 30% but for the currency effects. Our regional services businesses, the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, drove our strong performance during the quarter. We continue to invest prudently in recruiting, M&A, platform enhancements and strategic initiatives to ensure that we're always providing best-in-class service for our clients and driving profitable growth for our business. The benefits of these efforts were very clear in the second quarter. Each of our three regions turned in exceptional results, with high teens or better revenue growth in local currency, positive operating leverage and strong margins. While achieving robust growth and remaining riveted on client service, we continued our progress toward completing the acquisition of the Global Workplace Solutions business from Johnson Controls. We remain on course to complete this transaction later this quarter or early next quarter and are very enthusiastic about the opportunities it will afford us to deepen our relationships with many the world's largest corporations. A final highlight of the quarter was CBRE's performance in The Barron's 500 ranking, published in May. Barron's uses detailed analytics to evaluate the financial performance of the 500 largest U.S.-based corporations. We're extremely pleased to be number two on this prestigious ranking this year, up from number seven last year. This is a great testament to the hard work our people are doing every day to create value for our clients and our shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Jim, who will describe our second quarter performance in greater detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to slide 5. As Bob indicated, our Q2 results reflect sustained underlying momentum in our business. We're in a very good financial position with market-leading scale, strong margins, robust cash flow and a flexible investment-grade balance sheet. Reflecting this, Standard & Poor's recently raised our investment grade rating to BBB from BBB minus. Revenue and earnings achieved received strong double-digit growth, even after adverse foreign currency movement. Gross revenue and fee revenue both rose 12% or 19% in local currency. Normalized EBITDA increased 16% or 22% in local currency, to $304 million. We achieved a 17.1% normalized EBITDA margin on fee revenue, up 60 basis points from Q2 2014. Adjusted earnings per share improved 17% to $0.42 for the quarter, after a $0.05 negative impact from adverse foreign currency movement. Adjusted earnings per share would have improved 31% without the effects of foreign currency. Please turn to slide 6 for a review of the performance of our major global lines of business in Q2. As a reminder, all percentage increases are in local currency unless noted otherwise. We achieved outstanding growth in our capital markets business. Property sales revenue surged 32%, with growth in the vast majority of countries worldwide. Mortgage services revenue growth exceeded 40% for the second quarter in a row. Mortgage servicing rights on loan activity associated with the U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises or GSEs, continue to grow rapidly, with EBITDA up $14 million over last year's Q2. As we indicated last quarter, GSE activity is expected to moderate in the second half of the year due to regulatory caps. Global Corporate Services, our occupier outsourcing business, was particularly strong overseas, as clients increasingly require globally integrated solutions. Excluding the transaction revenues generated by this business which are accounted for in leasing and sales revenues, Global Corporate Services achieved a 15% increase in fee revenue. Asset Services also showed robust growth around the world, with fee revenue up 24%. Property leasing revenue jumped 15%, as our focus on market share gains continued to pay dividends. The valuation business line had a very strong quarter, with revenue up 35%. Every region exhibited double-digit growth even before accounting for acquisitions completed in the second half of last year. Revenue fell in Global Investment Management, in part due to minimal carried interest and incentive fees in this year's Q2. Overall, contractual fee revenue plus leasing which is largely recurring, totaled 68% of total fee revenue. Property sales accounted for 23% of total fee revenue. Please turn to slide number 7 where we will review Q2 results for our three regional business services segments, starting with the Americas. The Americas again displayed strength across the board as overall fee revenue increased 19% to $1.06 billion. Every business line in the region produced double-digit revenue growth for the fourth quarter in a row. Once again, capital markets turned in a very strong performance, property sales rose 25% with major contributions from the U.S. and Mexico, while mortgage services improved 44%. We increased our market share in the U.S. investment sales and held the number one position at mid-year according to RCA. Leasing revenue grew at a double-digit clip for the eighth consecutive quarter. This reflects both improved productivity from our current brokers, as well as contributions from new producers who are migrating to CBRE at an impressive rate. Revenue for the quarter was up 11%. Combined fee revenue from Global Corporate Services and Asset Services improved 11%. Please turn to slide 8 regarding EMEA. EMEA's performance rebounded significantly following a sluggish start to 2015. Fee revenue growth was robust across every service line and increased 33% overall to $409 million. Property sales revenue surged 62%. United Kingdom showed exceptionally strong growth, with France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Sweden also making notable gains. France recovered from a relatively low base in Q2 last year and remains a challenging macro environment. For the region, our growth markedly exceeded the estimated 19% volume growth recorded for the market as a whole. Growth in leasing was exceptional. Big gains in Germany, the United Kingdom and other countries resulted in a 33% increase in leasing revenue. Year-to-date, leasing is up 14%. Combined fee revenue from Global Corporate Services and Asset Services also achieved very strong growth, improving 25%. The United Kingdom accounted for the lion's share of this growth, with notable contributions from France, Germany and Spain. Please turn to slide 9 regarding Asia Pacific. This region achieved 17% growth in fee revenue to $200 million. Property sales revenue increased 24%, led by strong growth in Australia and greater China. This was a notable improvement from a relatively soft Q1. Leasing revenue also rose solidly, increasing by 12%. Australia, India and Singapore all posted healthy gains. Combined fee revenue from Global Corporate Services and Asset Services rose 19%. China and India were key growth drivers, as outsourcing continues to gain a firmer foothold in these emerging economies. Please turn to slide number 10, regarding our occupier outsourcing business. Financial results for this business line which we call Global Corporate Services are reported within the three regional services segments. Global Corporate Services grew 15%, continuing its long-term record of solid secular growth as we focus on extending our leadership position with deeper and broader services for our clients. The pay-off can be seen in a growing roster of clients and the expansion of existing relationships. In Q2, we signed 83 total outsourcing contracts, one of our most productive quarters and nearly 40% entailed expanding services or geographies for existing customers. Mission critical facilities have provided fertile ground for growth since we added the Norland capabilities 18 months ago. To illustrate, we were awarded data center management contracts with two Fortune 50 companies and a global financial information company during the quarter. Adding Global Workplace Solutions, 16,000 people in more than 50 countries later this year, will further broaden our reach and deepen our expertise. Please learn to slide 11, regarding our Global Investment Management segment. Revenue and normalized EBITDA in Global Investment Management declined in Q2 versus the prior year. This was driven disproportionately by minimal carried interest and incentive payments, as well as the impact of the REIT market in the quarter. The MSCI U.S. REIT Index declined 10% during Q2 2015, as compared to a 7% increase in the index during the prior year's second quarter. As a result, we did not achieve anticipated incentive fees in our listed security business and were impacted by the mark to market of our related co-investments. Overall, combined incentive fees and carried interest are expected to be more weighted to the second half of this year. We anticipate being on track with our investment management and Development Services combined guidance for the full year. Capital raising continued at a brisk pace. We raised $2.2 billion in the second quarter and $7.7 billion over trailing four quarters. The pipeline remains strong as we continue to produce solid returns for investors. Assets under management of $88.4 billion were up $2.1 billion over prior-year Q2 in local currency, but down $4.4 billion when converted into U.S. dollars. Please sir turn to slide 12 regarding our Development Services segment. You will recall we expected property sales and earnings in this business to be weighted to the second half of the year. Development projects in process totaled $6 billion, up $500 million over Q1 2015 and the pipeline totaled $3.7 billion, up over $100 million over Q1 2015. Please turn to slide 13, as I turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. At the midpoint of 2015, CBRE is on course for another year of very strong financial performance. We're intensely focused on executing our strategy to sustain long-term secular growth and further extend our position as the industry leader. During the first half of 2015, we completed three infill acquisitions that enhanced our service offering and we continued to lay the groundwork for the smooth integration of Global Workplace Solutions later this year. This business is perfectly aligned with our strategy of helping large global clients to meet their objectives under long-term contractual relationships. We also continued to selectively upgrade and expand our talent base. Brokerage recruiting is running at a brisk pace again this year. We're capitalizing on the growing recognition that CBRE affords the industry's top professionals the opportunity to better serve their clients and build their careers. Finally, as Jim reviewed earlier, we're in a very strong position financially. As we start the second half, we're positive on our outlook for the remainder of 2015 and believe our full-year performance is likely to be toward the upper end of our guidance range of $1.90 to $1.95 adjusted earnings per share. Our business has positive underlying momentum and we're seeing great benefit from the steps we have taken to enhance our service delivery for clients and fortify our market position. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Tony Paolone, JPMorgan. Our first question comes from the line of Tony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Tony Paolone: Can you give us maybe some guide posts on EMEA, particularly sales and leasing for the back half of the year, in terms of are those -- do you see those as been easier or more difficult comps because when we look at the performance in the second quarter, it was pretty strong, but it also seems to be part of the business where you might be most subject to currency as well, so just trying to understand what that picture looks like in the next couple of quarters?
Bob Sulentic: We did have a good quarter in EMEA after a tough quarter, as you know and that part of the world is particularly impacted by FX. The business has picked up momentum and we believe that we will have a strong second half there. Obviously, we're not providing separate guidance on what might happen in any one of our geographic regions, but we do feel good about the momentum in the business. And it goes beyond the UK. We're seeing good momentum in several of the other countries there, as Jim noted in his comments, so we should see a good second half there.
Tony Paolone: Okay. And then second, in the Americas your leasing was up 10%. It's a good number but I am just curious what your thoughts are in terms of how you see that commission plot cyclically and what you think the potential might be over the balance of the cycle, say, because it seems like that is one of the business lines in regions where it just hasn't seemed like it is run to full potential yet this cycle.
Jim Groch: Tony, this is Jim. We're up now eight quarters, double-digit, on leasing in the Americas, so it is still relatively early in the recovery stage but it continues to move strongly. It was up 11% in local currency and we're up probably about 15% year-to-date, so it is pretty consistent with our guidance for the year so far on the leasing.
Tony Paolone: Do you feel like that business is as far along, say, as investment sales or if you feel like there's still a lot more to be gained on the leasing side?
Jim Groch: No, leasing is still relatively early stages. If you think back, we've only recovered the jobs we lost at the last recession in April of last year and it is the pick-up in jobs that has been at a modest pace but steady that's helped slowly improved rental rates and that has provided some fuel behind the business, but it feels relatively early still.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Last question with regards to the JCI transaction, any update on financing yet? When you think you might -- if I recall correctly and I might be wrong, but you were going to fund a part of it with debts and just wondering when you start to put that all together?
Jim Groch: When we announced the deal, we mentioned that we anticipated funding some with cash, probably somewhere in the range of about one-third and the rest with debt. We can't provide more insight than that right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Burke: A bit of a follow-up to Tony's questions, but more macro, the negative headlines that we're seeing coming out of Greece or China haven't had much of an impact on your results, but for the impact of FX and I'm just wondering if we should start to sense -- see any moderation or slowdown outside of the U.S. across any of your business lines because of macro concerns or at this point are the CRE market just shrugging it off?
Bob Sulentic: Brad, I was over in Europe last week with our EMEA leadership team and they are not feeling threatened by the macro circumstances you are describing. Obviously, they are watching them and they watch them more closely than we do from over here and they have insight from interface with local business people and so forth, but they are not feeling threatened by that and in general, feeling good momentum, as I said to Tony, good momentum, not only in the UK but in businesses around Europe. So you never know where surprises might come from, but for the moment everything we're seeing is being taken on board and that economy, broadly speaking, is now growing and activity in our sector is picking up leasing, as well as capital markets which has already picked up, so we're feeling pretty good about it right now.
Brad Burke: That would be the same for Asia Pacific as well?
Bob Sulentic: The situation is a little different in Asia Pacific than it is in EMEA. Everything is relative, so our folks in Asia Pacific, while that part of the world is still growing faster than the rest of the world, relative to historic standards that they've set, it's not as exciting, so I would say that they are feeling solid, but there is not the same enthusiasm about the relative movement in the market as there is in EMEA. Of course, the leasing in general is moving solid, not spectacular in Asia Pacific capital markets, a lot of capital wants to go there. There is a challenge around lack of product in some markets so there is not a feeling of being threatened by the macro circumstances there, but on a relative basis, EMEA probably has a little more momentum now than Asia Pacific.
Brad Burke: Jim, you said you realized a $14 million improvement in EBITDA from GSE lending in the quarter, but you're still expecting there to be a deceleration in the back half of the year, so I was hoping you could help us think about the magnitude of the slowdown that you might expect and if you could give us any rough guidelines on how to think about the potential EBITDA impact year-over-year?
Jim Groch: It is a little hard to predict the volume but we do think we will be down in the second half versus the prior year, probably in the range of $10 million to $20 million, but that is our best view as of now.
Brad Burke: Okay. And on investment management EBITDA, I realize that a lot of the decline that we're seeing is driven by some of the choppier items, but it's still the lowest quarter that we've seen in a while, so I was hoping that you could help us think about what we're looking at in 2Q and how that compares to how we should think about a normalized run rate for that business?
Jim Groch: Brad, Q2 was definitely hit by number of things. I would say, the performance of the REIT market was a big one. It was down over 10%, the market, the index was down over 10% in Q2 and that's compared to being up 7% in Q2 on the prior year. That compare hits us in a few different places. It resulted in us not achieving some incentives that we had anticipated. It reduced some of the fees off the base business and then that 17% swing resulted in us marking to market our co-investments which was not immaterial. We have about $60 million or so of co-investments in that business. So the combination of those three, I would say, was somewhat of an anomalistic impact. FX also the business. It is pretty heavily weighted to Europe. Those are the primary factors that hit it for the quarter. And as I said in the opening, we do believe that our guidance for the year which we gave on a combined basis for the development business and investment management business, still appears to be on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Germain: Just curious on the guidance, is that including the impact of the GWS acquisition?
Jim Groch: It is but we're not expecting that to have a material swing on the numbers for the period of time that we will have the business.
Mitch Germain: So the one quarter is not going to make much of a difference. How should we think about it for next year then?
Jim Groch: We won't be giving guidance on that for next year until we're ready to give guidance for the year just in our normal course activity.
Mitch Germain: And then just with regards to GWS, how many new relationships does that company bring into the fold?
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, it brings in 100 relationships, many of which we have already, 100-plus relationships, but many of those we don't have on a contractual basis. So as you know, because of the skill of our business, we do business in one way or another with most companies around the world today, but GWS had large contractual relationships with a substantial number of corporations that we had one-off relationships with, so very, very different relationships going forward and a very important part of this deal.
Mitch Germain: Just in terms of that comment, Bob, how do you consider the potential to cross-sell if many of those customers are already existing customers? Just trying to figure out not just what GWS brings into the fold, but what it could bring in, in your ability to cross-sell your services?
Bob Sulentic: There are two kinds of cross-sell that will come from that combination. One is what GWS can do for the clients we have that we're not doing today and then the other is what we can do for the clients they have that they're not doing today, so there is big opportunity in both directions. The first order of business, of course, is for us to get the businesses combined and do great work with what we're already doing and that is where our focus is right now. But we do think there is both kinds of revenue synergy opportunities. There is technical services that GWS should be able to provide for us in many places of the world, many clients. Then obviously, they didn't have a material transaction business and we think there is opportunity, if we do great work for those clients over time, to do quite a bit of transaction work for them. So we look at that in both directions, but the starting point is great job at what we're already doing for those clients.
Mitch Germain: Okay. Just in terms of appetite for acquisitions, you mentioned three on the year. Is it slowing down just because you have got this big one in the queue or is it still as active a pipeline as you guys have seen before?
Jim Groch: I would say the pipeline is just as active. As we've commented over the last year or so, we've become increasingly particular about the deals and the deal structures that we're looking at. Walking away from deals, we think the pricing is out of whack, but the pipeline is still quite solid. We signed GWS in the first half and closed three infill acquisitions, slightly slower pace than normally without a large transaction, but we feel pretty good about the pipeline and we will continue to do infill, probably at a pretty similar rate to what we have done when we're not in the midst of a large closing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: You had a goal of getting around 50 basis points of operating margin expansion in the regional service segments, North America, EMEA, Asia Pac. Year-to-date, you're up about 150 basis points. Do you see an upward bias on that target?
Jim Groch: We're ahead of our plan on that basis and we look at it, if we back out of the regional businesses, the year-over-year gains from servicing rights and the impact of FX, we're up about 100 basis points which we feel great about. We will have a little tougher compare as we get into the second half, particularly on the servicing side, but we feel good about where we're at and we're a little bit ahead of our pace for the year.
David Ridley-Lane: And then on the proprietary businesses, it seems like maybe a little bit more second-half weighted, particularly in Development Services, just in terms of EBITDA in the second half of 2015 versus 2014. Could you see those two businesses, the Investment Management Development Services have a year-over-year increase in EBITDA?
Jim Groch: Our guidance was that the two of them would be roughly flat to the prior year combined and we still believe we're on target to that guidance.
David Ridley-Lane: And then a little bit of a macro question. In the capital markets business, how would you put the average holding periods or how frequently buildings are changing hands today versus long-term averages? Are we back to the normal turnover level globally in capital markets?
Bob Sulentic: David, we don't have that. That is a great question and it would be nice to have that statistic at our fingertips but we don't and so we can't answer it up specifically. I will tell you what we're seeing. The prices are good so a lot of people are trading and there is a lot of capital out there so a lot of people are trading. That is part of why prices are good. But there is also -- once people acquire assets, there is a desire to keep them and work them and so on and so forth. So you have dynamics on both sides of that question, some pushing for a quicker turnover, some pushing for longer hold. Where the math works out, we just don't have -- we haven't researched that and don't have an answer ready for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair.
Brandon Dobell: Jim, just to clarify, on the GSE business, that $10 million to $20 million, is that a second half or second-half headwind that you are talking about? Just want to make sure I understand how you are positioning that number?
Jim Groch: Yes, it is a second-half headwind, as far as in comparison to the figures for that from second half prior-year.
Brandon Dobell: And then, Bob, you mentioned the pace of recruiting or hiring remains at a pretty high level. Maybe put some context around that for us? Is that higher than you expected? Has it surprised you because of inbound interest or maybe just your success rate of getting people you thought you might get? Then how do we think about what that should tell us for the pace of headcount additions in the back half of the year?
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, it is consistent with the last couple of years. We've commented that the last couple of years have been long-term records for us, so we're encouraged by it. We're not really surprised by it because we work very hard at it and we have done some things with the business that make it a more attractive place for brokers to come and I would say meaningfully so. We expect to, given the work we're doing and given the business we've built and the ability of brokers to come over here and produce more than they can produce in other places and do things for their clients that it is harder for them to do in other places, we expect to see that momentum continue and it is an important part of our strategy.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And maybe to that point, if you look at the wins, maybe in the first half of this year or this quarter in the Corporate Services part of the bailiwick, how do those wins look from a breadth and depth of the services and the geographies that they include versus what they look like last year? Or maybe for -- compare a couple of clients in the same industry, a recent win versus a win a couple of years ago, what do those things look like? How much expansion are you getting, new deals versus old?
Bob Sulentic: I will give you a comment on it and then I'm going to ask Jim to also, because you asked multiple questions there. But first of all, the pace of wins is picking up and when you have more wins, you have more different kinds of wins. We're seeing more wins outside the U.S. than we have seen historically. We're seeing more wins in what I would call the technical area which makes the GWS acquisition even more appealing for us. We're seeing, on the transaction services side of the business, we're seeing wins where they are demanding that we do things that we have not been able to do historically. Again, our GCS team and our brokerage team have worked together to put some capabilities in place to serve that requirement, so all of that is positive. And by the way, we really are seeing a lot of -- as Jim commented, in the numbers, a high percentage of the wins we're having are add-on services or expansions of existing contracts. So the business is just getting bigger, in part and all the things you see in a bigger business -- more diverse types of services and contracts, more global, all of that stuff is happening for us. But Jim, do you want to add anything to that?
Jim Groch: Bob, the only thing I would add to that is just that as the depth and breadth of our capability set has continued to expand, the same thing has happened with the size -- the depth and breadth of the assignment. So as we have become more capable to do more things for our clients, we're seeing those opportunities open up, that clients are smart and well-informed as to our capability sets and that has helped to drive larger more complicated accounts with more services and critical facilities, was one that you mentioned. That has picked up simply because we've picked up capabilities in that area and continue to improve.
Brandon Dobell: One final one in that same direction, given some of the capabilities that you are adding, how successful are you with, let's call it, mid- contract discussions? Not at a specific renewal point in a contract but going back to some of the legacy customers that you couldn't serve with those newly added services when you first signed the contract, how successful are you at [indiscernible] or expanding those contracts when there really wasn't a specific renewal point that you have to walk in and talk about?
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, that is a circumstance that we're precluded from essentially selling at this point. The two companies, until they are combined, have to market separately. Obviously, we have a point of view on what will happen and when you go back to Jim's comments and mine on the trends we're seeing in these contracts, we believe that'll be pretty powerful combination when it is added together but we're not able to enjoy that yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Burke: A quick follow-up on Mitch's question on the guidance, the $1.90 to $1.95 that you had given previously presumably didn't include the impact of the JCI business and now, per your answer to his question, it sounds like it does. Jim, you had said that, that was an immaterial impact, but I was hoping you could give us a little bit more just to make that comparison of Q2 guidance versus Q1 guidance apples-to-apples, whether you can elaborate on the magnitude that we ought to be thinking about or maybe the timing of closing that you're expecting, that is currently in the guidance that you are giving now?
Jim Groch: I don't think it is going to have much impact. We will probably be carrying some extra interest expense, as we're likely to have some financing expense that will be -- even some weeks of interest expense, when you're only holding a business for, call it, a few months, can have an impact. So we're assuming modest if any -- call it $0.01, maybe, impact from GWS, but that is a very rough estimate at this point. It could be impacted by the timing of the closing.
Brad Burke: As a general statement, though, we would expect the expenses for the acquisition to ramp on more quickly than the associated EBITDA with the acquisition, just due to the timing of the financing, so that wouldn't be how we would think about a run rate accretion in 2016?
Jim Groch: That is correct.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Tony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tony Paolone: I had a follow-up on Norland and the more technical aspect of that business which you cited a couple times seems to be strong. What exactly or can you put a little more detail around exactly what you do with data centers and things of that nature? So for instance, when we hear about Amazon and their cloud business just growing so rapidly, is it something that you guys would be involved in or is it more to do with companies' back office, if you will, data center needs? Just trying to understand exactly what gets done there?
Bob Sulentic: I would say both. If you look at a heavy-duty data center, we would do everything within that data center up to putting the computers in the racks and from that point forward. In some cases, we will not only manage the facility, the mechanical systems, fire safety, battery power back-up, et cetera, but in some cases, even build out the racking systems and then that is where our service would stop. I don't know if -- is that helpful with regard to your question?
Tony Paolone: Yes. Is that because of the nature of that being more technical and the capability -- do you get a better margin on that? And also do you see that growing faster than, say, the non-technical side of things?
Bob Sulentic: I can't comment on the margin specifically, but I would say it's definitely one of the areas within that business where we have seen strong growth. And we had significant capabilities already in that area before the acquisition of Norland. Norland had a -- probably almost one-third of their business that was totally focused on these types of critical facilities. GWS has considerable focus and expertise, as well, in a variety of critical facilities -- not only data centers, but also laboratories and other critical facilities, so that our base of capabilities has continued to improve and the market has been pretty open for us there.
Operator: Mr. Sulentic, we have no more further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you everyone for joining us and we look forward to talking to you next time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco – Senior Managing Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Bob Sulentic – President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch – Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development Gil Borok – Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs Brandon Dobell – William Blair David Ridley Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to CBRE Group’s first quarter 2015 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to introduce your host, Steve Iaco, Investor Relations for CBRE. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Steve Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE’s first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the first quarter of 2015. This release is available on the homepage of our website, www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available there is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast will be posted to the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook, our adjusted earnings per share expectations, our normalized tax rate expectations, expectations regarding our currency hedging and government-sponsored enterprise lending activities, and our ability to close and integrate the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, including the timing of that closing. These statements should be considered to be estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements, please refer to our first-quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at www.sec.gov. During the course of this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most comparable GAAP measures.  These reconciliations can be found within the Appendix of this presentation or in our earnings release. Please turn to page 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. During our remarks, all references to percentage increase or decrease in revenue are in local currency, except for consolidated results or where otherwise noted.  Now please turn to slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. The opening months of 2015 have been an exciting time for CBRE on a number of fronts. As you saw in our press release, the strong momentum in our business continued in the first quarter, with double-digit growth on the top and bottom lines. The strong increase in adjusted earnings per share is especially notable during a quarter when analysts are expecting average earnings for S&P companies to be down over last year. In these results, we are seeing the impact of our strategy to drive growth by enhancing our service offering for clients, strengthening the platform that enables our professionals to deliver market-leading solutions, augmenting our talent pool through strategic recruiting and targeted M&A, and continuing our focus on balance sheet strength, which supports investments in our people and platform while providing financial flexibility.  Strong broker recruiting has continued into the first quarter of 2015, as talented professionals recognize the many advantages CBRE affords them, both in meeting the full spectrum of client needs and in building their careers. The first quarter performance of the leasing and sales businesses, particularly in the Americas, reflects our recruiting success over the past two years, and continued increased production by our existing transaction professionals, as our largest business segment, the Americas, is benefiting significantly from our strategy and was a primary growth catalyst during the quarter.  The region posted its third consecutive quarter of at least 20% revenue growth, along with strong, normalized EBITDA growth and healthy margin expansion. Asia-Pacific also performed well, with double-digit revenue growth, before the effects of currency translation. Growth slowed in Europe, Middle East and Africa, and turned negative in US dollar terms, as we faced a challenging comparison against last year’s robust first quarter. We have completed two in-fill acquisitions this year that bolster our service offering. The first was United Commercial Realty, a highly regarded firm that serves retailers and retail property investors across the US. The second, which we closed two weeks after the end of the first quarter, was Environmental Systems, Inc., an energy management specialist that complements the array of services offered by our global corporate services business.  Finally, and very importantly, as you all are aware, we announced an agreement in late March to acquire the Global Workplace Solutions business from Johnson Controls. This is a significant strategic move for CBRE. It will vastly expand our ability to self-perform facilities management services on a worldwide basis, particularly for more technically oriented facilities, and it will deepen our relationships with some of the world’s largest corporations. In the days following the news, we have had an enthusiastic reaction from the employees of both companies, from our shareholders, and most significantly, from our clients. The regulatory approval process is underway, and we look forward to completing the transaction later this year, and welcoming John Murphy and the GWS employees from more than 50 countries from around the world. We are also excited about our strategic partnership with Johnson Controls, which will enhance our ability to bring innovation and value to our clients.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim, who will describe our first quarter performance in more detail.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to slide 5. As Bob indicated, CBRE is off to a strong start in 2015. Normalized EBITDA of $247 million reflected a 24% increase in the first quarter of 2015, and a 17% margin on fee revenue, up 200 basis points from Q1 2014. Adjusted earnings per share improved 28% for the quarter. Both revenue and fee revenue rose 10%, or 15% in local currency. These results followed a strong first quarter in 2014. The results include approximately $13 million pre-tax, or $0.02 after tax, of net gains from foreign currency movement, after the impact of currency hedging activities for the year. Together, our three regional service segments, the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, achieved significant operating leverage for the quarter, even after excluding currency hedging gains. This was driven by the Americas, which benefited from strong growth across all business lines. We also saw a resurgence of origination activity, and gains from related servicing rights associated with US Government-sponsored entities, which produced EBITDA growth of slightly more than $20 million over prior year Q1.  Normalized depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately $8 million, driven by increased platform investments and higher mortgage servicing rights, while net interest expense decreased about $2.5 million from Q1 2014. Our normalized tax rate was 36.5% for the quarter, higher than the 35% we expect for the full year of 2015. Our net debt declined by $275 million, or half a turn, to 1.2 times trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA at end of Q1 2015, as compared to Q1 2014. Reflecting our increasingly strong financial position, Moody’s raise its rating on our senior secured and senior unsecured debt to investment grade in March. This followed Standard and Poor’s upgrade of our corporate user rating to investment grade late last year. Please turn to slide 6 for a review of our performance in each of our global lines of business in Q1. Our capital markets businesses were particularly strong performers. Property sales revenue increased 21%, with the US up strongly, and single-digit growth in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Meanwhile, mortgage services recorded its best growth in three years, spurred by the jump in GCS activity. Leasing reported 13% revenue growth globally, the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit increases.  This growth was paced by continued strong market share gains in the U.S. Global corporate services continued to grow at a double-digit clip. Excluding related transaction revenues, which are accounted for in leasing and sales, GCS achieved a 13% increase in revenue and 12% in fee revenue, with double-digit growth in all three regions. Assets services saw solid growth, with revenue up 12% and fee revenue up 8%. The global valuations business saw revenue up 20%. Growth in the US was supported by acquisitions, which have enhanced and expanded the services we can offer clients. Global investment management revenue rose by 5%, driven by higher carried interest compared with last year’s Q1. Contractual fee revenue comprised 39% of total fee revenue for Q1, while contractual fee revenue plus leasing, which is largely recurring, totaled 70%. Property sales accounted for 21% of total fee revenue. Please turn to slide 7, where I will review Q1 results for our three regional service segments, starting with the Americas. Overall revenue for the Americas rose by 21%. This region’s revenue has now grown by double digits for 10 consecutive quarters. Every major business line posted double-digit growth for the quarter. Capital markets set a brisk pace, with property sales revenue up 32% and mortgage services up 43%. We are pleased to have again achieved the highest market share in the US investment sales, according to RCA, with a 200 basis point improvement over prior year Q1. Leasing again logged vigorous growth, with revenue up 19%, while market conditions continued to steadily improve. We are seeing tangible benefits from our broker recruiting and in-fill M&A, along with increased productivity from our existing producers. Fee revenue from global corporate services and asset services combined increased 12%.  Please turn to slide 8, regarding EMEA. EMEA revenue rose 6%. This region faced a particularly tough compare with last year’s exceptionally strong Q1, when revenue increased 27%, excluding contributions from Norland. Nevertheless, we saw a growth in global corporate services and asset services. Combined fee revenue increased 9%, with double-digit growth in facilities management, reflecting the growing appetite for real estate outsourcing within the region. Property sales revenue rose 6% on top of a 54% surge in last year’s Q1. Growth was driven by Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Property leasing revenue declined 6%. A number of smaller countries on the continent saw improved activity. This was more than offset by decreases relative to Q1 of last year in France and the United Kingdom. Please turn to slide 9 regarding Asia-Pacific. We saw strong growth in the region, with overall revenue rising 15% for the quarter. Like EMEA, global corporate services and asset services set the pace for growth in the region. Fee revenue improved 12%, as outsourcing continues to make inroads in the region. Greater China and India showed particularly strong growth in Q1. Leasing revenue rose solidly, increasing by 8%. Most of this growth occurring in Australia and New Zealand. Property sales rose 3%, on top of 38% growth in the prior year Q1, with significant gains in Australia. The investment climate across Asia-Pacific is mixed, amid a shortage of available product in some markets, slowing economies, and domestic capital that is increasingly migrating to the US and Europe in search of yield. Please turn to slide 10 regarding our occupier outsourcing business, which we call global corporate services. Resulting from this global business line are reported within the three regional services segments. Global corporate services has increased revenue at a double-digit compounded annual growth rate over the last decade. Its growth is being sustained by CBRE’s unique ability to deliver globally integrated solutions.  Closely linking our outsourcing services with our market-leading brokerage professionals, who completed $285 billion of sales and leasing transactions in 2014, gives us distinct advantages in creating value for our clients both locally and globally. We experienced continued strong growth in Q1 2015, signing 58 total contracts, and bringing on more new customers than in any previous quarter. International markets remained fertile ground for growth, with 19 contracts signed in Asia-Pacific and EMEA. Earlier in the call, Bob mentioned the ESI acquisition. ESI is a leading systems integrator and provider of energy management services. It remotely monitors and analyzes energy usage in real time for more than 180 million square feet of facilities. This is a strategic addition to our global services corporate offering. Since announcing the acquisition, we have significant incremental interest from our clients regarding energy and sustainability services. We anticipate ESI will bring added value to our new clients coming over from global workplace solutions when it closes, which we expect to be later this year. Please turn to slide 11, regarding our global investment management segment. Revenue was up 5%, and normalized EBITDA rose 16% in local currency, driven by carried interest. Local currency assets under management was unchanged compared with year-end 2014, and up more than $5 billion from the first quarter of 2014. However, the weakening of the euro and British pound sterling caused AUM to decrease to $87.1 billion from year-end 2014, when converted to U.S. dollars. Capital rising totaled $1.3 billion for the quarter and $8.7 billion for the trailing four quarters, with strong pipeline for the remainder of the year. Please turn to slide 12, regarding our development services segment. You recall we completed outsized asset sales in last year’s Q1. With fewer sales in this year’s Q1, pro forma revenue and EBITDA declined from a year ago. We expect sales activity to also be lighter in Q2 and weighted toward the back half of the year. Our pipeline stood at $3.6 billion at the end of Q1 2015, a decrease of approximately $400 million from year-end 2014. Projects in process totaled $5.5 billion, up $100 million from year-end 2014. As of Q1 2015, our equity co-investments in the development business totaled $121.5 million, and our guarantees on outstanding debt balances stood at just $11.9 million. Please turn to page 13, as I turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. CBRE accomplished a great deal in the first few months of 2015. First, we announced our largest acquisition in eight years, which when completed will materially advance our strategy for serving occupiers. Second, we continue to make investments in our people and platform to enhance our competitive position. And third, we again generated outstanding financial results for our shareholders. Our 52,000 professionals are extremely hard-working and intensely focused on harnessing the full breadth of CBRE’s resources and expertise to create great outcomes for our clients. We thank you them for their contributions to our success. Needless to say, we’re pleased with our start to 2015. However, it’s important to bear in mind that the first quarter comprises a relatively small portion of our annual revenue and earnings, and as we have often said, it may not be an effective barometer of full year performance. What’s more, our currency hedges are marked-to-market each quarter, and at current rates the hedging gains we realized in the first quarter will be offset by currency translation losses in future quarters. Similarly, we can expect GSE lending activity, which moved robustly in the quarter, to taper off later this year as regulatory caps come into play, and other lenders step up their activity. In light of this, we are maintaining our expectations for adjusted earnings per share of $1.90 to $1.95 for 2015, an increase of 15% over 2014, at the midpoint of our estimate. There is good underlying momentum in our business, and the advantages we enjoy as the global market leader are becoming more pronounced as we continue to invest in our people, our platform and our service offering. Increasingly, investors and occupiers are gravitating to CBRE, due to our ability to deliver high-quality, globally integrated solutions that leverage the industry’s top talent to create real competitive advantages for our clients around the world. Operator, we’ll now open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is on your OpEx, if I look at that as a percentage of revenue, it was 25.9%, and last year in the first quarter it was about 28.4%, so down about 250 bps year-over-year, and I was wondering if you could comment if there was anything in there taking that down, or if that’s kind of the magnitude of where it should run over the balance of the year?
Gil Borok: Hi. It’s Gil. Good morning. If you recall, with the acquisition of Norland we had a shift of part of those services to OpEx, and that’s part of the reason why we’re running at a 25% [revenue], and – what used to be closer to 30%. And we also had the foreign currency gains that showed up in OpEx, so that’s where it shows up in our P&L, and that helped reduce it as a percentage of revenue. So it’s not a run rate, but we’ll run lower than we have historically.
Anthony Paolone: But Norland closed late in 2013, I thought, so would that have not fully been in the first quarter of 2014 numbers, or how does that work?
Gil Borok: You are correct. I was just giving you a context of why we’re running closer to 25% than sort of the 30% we had historically, but it was in the numbers in Q1, you’re correct.
Anthony Paolone: So the currency gain to adjust for that, I guess you mentioned in the release about $0.02, I guess, pre-tax, with $10 million or something in that zip code?
Gil Borok: $13 million, pre-tax, yes.
Anthony Paolone: $13 million?
Gil Borok: Yes.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks. Then second question, on the leasing side, if you look at your Americas leasing growth, it was very strong, and same with JLL’s yesterday. Yet the commission pot, if you will, seemed to be modestly down in terms of the marketplace. So I was just wondering, is that all share gain, and is that level of share gain sustainable, because it just seems pretty substantial?
Jim Groch: Hi, Anthony, this is Jim Groch. A couple of things I would say to that. One is that the – I think the research on leasing is uneven, but I would say it’s more likely that we have really seen in – the market is up slightly versus the same quarter last year. And then I do think the share gains are sustainable, as you continue to see the industry consolidate.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then the last question on the facilities business. How does – what part of that cost structure is naturally hedged in local currency versus perhaps being in the US? I ask because I think it’s your lowest margin business, you do have a lot of it coming from outside of the US, so I’m just wondering what the real impact on margins, currency, may have on the business, or it’s naturally hedged by way of where the costs emanate?
Jim Groch: Yes, you’re correct, Anthony. The vast majority of it is naturally hedged, so you see the impact primarily on revenue. And then we hedge the majority of our anticipated EBITDA, and as a result, we don’t have a lot of exposure there.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, that’s all I got. Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thank you. Operator Our next question today is coming from Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brad Burke: Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the quarter. I was hoping I could get an update on how you are thinking about in-fill M&A going forward from here? I would have thought that with the GWS acquisition, that would have put you on the sidelines to some extent, but it seems like you are still being active. So I wanted to understand how you are thinking about further M&A investment, and how we ought to think about how far you are willing to push leverage in order to make those acquisitions?
Jim Groch: Hi, Brad. This is Jim. We’ll continue to work on infill acquisitions and, as you have seen us do, you know, it may slow down slightly but that’s just, if it doesn’t it’s just a result of activity level with, you know, the large deal that will be integrating, but we continue to pursue and execute M&A. As far as the impact on our leverage we gave guidance that we expected our leverage ratio to end the year at 1.7 or so, obviously that’s an estimate, but that includes some anticipated in-fill.
Brad Burke: Okay. That’s helpful. And then on EMEA, I know talked about this, but – and I realize FX was a big driver of the decline in revenue, but presumably this was also a big impact for the fourth quarter, and you were – would have put up pretty solid growth with fourth quarter year-over-year. So I’m trying to understand how much of the decline is attributed to more difficult comps versus Q1 2014, how much is a bigger FX headwind versus last quarter, and really trying to get at whether or not you are seeing any actual deceleration in this business, once you take into account those considerations?
Bob Sulentic: Brad, this is Bob. FX took our revenue growth down significantly in the EMEA this quarter, but we were dealing with a very, very strong compare relative to last year, so that was a big part of what you saw. The other thing to keep in mind is, the first quarter is a relatively small part of the year, so in any region, and particularly in Europe and Asia, which are smaller than the US, you can have a few things move from one quarter or the next, or be pulled into one quarter from to the previous quarter, and it changes your trajectory and numbers pretty materially. So I think those are really the three things I would look at: FX, small quarter, and really very, very difficult compare from last year.
Brad Burke: Okay, that’s helpful. The last one for me, a follow-up to Tony’s question on margins, the improvement that you saw, particularly in the Americas, obviously a lot of that is due to mark-to-market and the hedging you highlighted. You also a big pickup in the GSE activity. If you were to normalize for FX and the GSE impact, could you give us a sense of how much of the margin improvement you saw versus Q1 last year, how much of that is to those two factors versus a sustainable run rate improvement in margins?
Jim Groch: We still had operating leverage, even without both – even without the benefit of the gains from servicing and the hedging. So we gave guidance at the end of Q4 that we had picked operating leverage of about 50 basis points in our three regional businesses in 2014, and that we were anticipating continued operating leverage for the year in 2015, probably in the similar range.
Brad Burke: Okay. I thought the guidance was that you were expecting a deceleration from the 50 basis points of operating leverage that you had last year or – is there more upside versus when you had given it to us last time or is that the same?
Jim Groch: I think we said it might be down slightly from the 50 basis points at the end of last year, so we’re not really changing that guidance.
Brad Burke: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Brandon Dobell from William Blair. Please proceed.
Brandon Dobell: Within the investment management business, maybe a little color on what kind of capital and where it’s coming from that you guys raised this quarter, and then is there any notable fee or pricing pressure on the capital you are raising versus the previous quarter or previous year?
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, we have a pretty good picture in terms of capital raising around the world right now, certainly raising capital here in the US and in Europe. In terms of fee pressure, what you are seeing is some shift in Europe from funds to separate accounts, separate accounts have lower fees, so that’s been in our business. But there is a good amount of capital around the world coming into the business. We’ve raised capital in Asia, we’ve raised capital in Europe, and we’ve raised capital here. We expect to have a very strong year, in the last 12 months, obviously, $9 billion, and we expect this year to play out similarly, and we expect to see it coming from around the world.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Digging into the EMEA for a second, particularly the UK, how does it feel momentum-wise for the transaction businesses in the UK? Maybe you could remind us if there is anything from last year within either EMEA transactions or really UK transactions, that would set up a strange comparison through the balance of this year, excluding foreign currency? Just focus more on the fundamental business and how you feel the pipelines look the rest of the year?
Bob Sulentic: As you saw in EMEA, sales were up over last year, leasing was down, and again the compare last year, I think revenue without Norland was up in the region in total 27% last year, so – and then the capital markets was up substantially more than that. I wouldn’t point to any specific deals moving in one direction or another, but just the compare is really the key issue there. Overall, all the markets are still quite strong, if you look – in particular if you look back as to kind of what they have been doing over the last two years of Q1.
Brandon Dobell: If you were to compare either the structure of the corporate services contracts you are signing or how they have changed over the past couple of years in the US versus EMEA, is there any notable difference in terms of how corporates, or even I guess occupiers, are acting, relative to tying together, or your success at tying together the various services lines in those two geographies?
Bob Sulentic: Occupiers are really looking for us to self-perform technical services, and that was a big part of the motivation for estimating the GWS acquisition, and they are looking for us to be more and more connected around the globe, so deep in all parts of the globe, that was another motivation for us to do that. So that’s the trend. We have seen it for years. It’s continuing in that direct, and so we have to have an offering that’s consistent with that, and our GWS acquisition does that in a big way.
Brandon Dobell: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Ridley Lane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley Lane: How much of the strength in capital markets would you say was 2014 deals going into 2015,? Or said differently, are the volume trends you saw this quarter more reflective of 2014’s trend or the pipeline that you see ahead of you in 2015?
Bob Sulentic: David, I don’t think what we saw in the first quarter this year was spill-over from deals that didn’t get closed last year. First of all, it’s really important to remember it’s just one quarter, and it’s the smallest quarter of the year, so any kind of movement can seem large relative to the first quarter. We expect to see decent growth this year over last year here in the US and in Europe, lesser growth in Asia-Pacific, more capital moving around the world. What we saw in the first quarter is the percentage of the capital that went into deals here in the US from outside the US was about 50% higher than it was on a run-rate basis last year, so you see more of that global movement. You see a really healthy demand for real estate because of the improving fundamentals, but I don’t think that we can read too much into the first quarter that would cause us to think the year is going to play out differently than we thought 90 days ago, and I don’t think what we saw in the first quarter was anything tied to end of year last year, one way or the other.
David Ridley Lane: Got it. Within Americas capital markets, you know, over the last 12 months, have you seen the trend towards tier 2, tier 3 cities, are they having faster growth than the major markets? And as you have talked to investors and gauged their appetite, are investors increasingly looking for – outside the tier 1 cities? Thanks.
Jim Groch: They are definitely looking outside the tier 1 cities for yield, obviously, and for just plain old product. There’s a limitation on product in places like San Francisco and New York, so they are moving into the second-tier cities, they are finding product, they’re finding product, they’re getting higher yields, and we expect that to continue. That plays very well into our business model, because we are deep in capital markets in those second-tier cities.
David Ridley Lane: Just a quick numbers question, if you have it, the revenue run rate for environmental services?
Jim Groch: We’ve not published that.
David Ridley Lane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. I just wanted to clarify, Jim, I think you had mentioned a number of $285 million related to – I think it was sales in 2014 from perhaps facilities management type of clients? I just want to understand what that was, I didn’t catch the whole thing?
Jim Groch: Sorry, just noted that our business overall, our transaction business overall completed $285 billion of transactions in 2014, and I was just making the comment that the real strength of that outsourcing business is to have both the transaction and the non-transaction services, to be able to bring to bear for our clients regardless of where they may be around the world.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, so that was a total number, that wasn’t just related to clients from facilities?
Jim Groch: No.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brad Burke: Just a modeling question on FX. Gil, I think you said there was a $13 million mark-to-market hedging benefit, so I guess you would call that maybe $0.04 of EPS benefit and I guess the $0.02 that you indicated in your press release is net of the headwinds that you saw? So if I’m interpreting that right, about a $0.02 headwind on FX before the benefit from hedging, and I was hoping that you could give us some sense of how we ought to be thinking about that FX headwind on a go-forward basis?
Gil Borok: Yes, so Brad, the $13 million is a net number, it’s the hedging gains less transaction losses, and that’s a pre-tax number. So when you tax-effect it, that’s the $0.02 net favorability.
Brad Burke: Okay. Are you able to give me a gross number on the hedging benefit versus the translation losses?
Gil Borok: No. We’re not going to disclose that.
Brad Burke: Okay. That’s fine. Then another modeling one. The GSE business, you mentioned the regulatory caps, is there any reason to think that the GSE business would be up in total year-over-year in 2015, and do you have any thoughts on why they were so fast out of the gate this year?
Jim Groch: Brad, this is Jim. We do expect our business to be up year-over-year, and they’ve been – the GSEs have been very competitive and they have put out a lot of money, and we do expect it to be up year-over-year. At the current pace, they are likely to hit their caps the four-year end, which could slow things down toward the end of year unless the caps are increased. But either way, we’re expecting it to be up.
Brad Burke: Okay, so they did not hit the caps in 2014, and you think they hit the caps before the end of 2015?
Jim Groch: I believe they roughly put out what they had the capacity to do in 2014, but at the pace they are going now, they’re off to such a fast start that they could hit the caps earlier in the year.
Brad Burke: Okay, so the total year-over-year increase is attributed to non-GSE commercial mortgage, or a view on an increase in the caps?
Jim Groch: Even without the increase in the caps, we think their lending will be up over last year.
Brad Burke: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Brandon Dobell from William Blair.
Brandon Dobell: In the deck, you referenced 180 million square feet that you’ve got energy management services now with ESI, or maybe it’s a bigger number as you combine it with other energy management services offerings you have. How do we think about, let’s call it the addressable market for those energy management services, and any sense of how that business model looks relative to the rest of property and facilities management, in terms of recurring revenue, operating margins, those kind of things?
Jim Groch: It’s Jim. We think it’s a great business model and that there’s enormous opportunity out there. It’s still a relatively small business for us as compared to the overall size of the business, but it’s an important service for our clients. It’s a very strong business model, and the growth profile is quite good.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Then last one from me. As you think about Canada, from both an FX perspective, but just leasing and sales transaction volumes, how do we think about that as a headwind or not, the balance of the year in the Americas?
Bob Sulentic: First of all, Brandon, it’s a quite small part of our business relative to the whole of the Americas, so it won’t have a material impact. We wouldn’t want to predict what is going to happen with currency there. We have a very good business in Canada, we expect it to grow this year nicely, but we don’t expect movements in currency to impact our numbers, and we don’t expect on the margin what goes on in Canada to have a really big impact on the trajectory of our Americas business overall.
Brandon Dobell: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us and we’ll talk to you in three months.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Iaco, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Iaco, you may begin. 
Steven Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q4 2014 financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow.
 Please turn to the slide labeled Forward-looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. 
 For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements that you may hear today, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our most recent annual report on Form 10-K as amended, and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at www.sec.gov.
 During the course of this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These reconciliations can be found within the Appendix of this presentation or in our earnings report. 
 Please turn to Slide 3. Participating on our call today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Director of Corporate Development; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer.
 During our remarks, all references to percentage increase or decrease in revenue are in local currency, except for consolidated results or where otherwise noted. 
 Now please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob. 
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. 2014 was another year of strong growth and strategic gains for CBRE. The hard work we've done to grow our client base, improve and expand our service offering and invest in our people and operating platform paid off in a record year.
 Global revenue reached a record $9 billion, rising 26% for the year. Normalized EBITDA set a new high at $1.2 billion. And adjusted EPS of $1.68 improved 17%. This strong growth was achieved over 2013, a year in which EBITDA in our Investment Management business exceeded $200 million, with significant carried interest. In addition to record financial performance, we had other noteworthy achievements. These include material improvement in our operating platform, notably technology, research and specialized consulting services, allowing us to better serve our clients, and in turn, create opportunity for our people and growth for our shareholders. 
 While investing in our operating platform, we achieved significant operating leverage in our regional services businesses before the contribution from Norland. We successfully integrated Norland, a significant acquisition which closed a few days before the start of the year, and then grew its revenue by approximately 20% to $869 million. Our clients benefited from the considerable expertise of the Norland professionals. We also integrated 11 infill acquisitions, bringing more of the industry's highest-quality resources to our clients. Finally, we took advantage of the liquidity and low rates available in the debt markets to further optimize balance sheet strength and flexibility. This performance is a direct result of our people's steadfast commitment to executing our strategy and creating distinct advantage for our clients. We thank them for their excellent performance in 2014.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Jim who will walk through our financial results in greater detail. 
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to Slide 5. As Bob indicated, 2014 was an excellent year for CBRE. This is especially the case given that we earned $75 million less EBITDA relating to carried interest in 2014 than in 2013. If you exclude carried interest from both years, normalized EBITDA increased by 24% and adjusted EPS by 31% for the full year.
 Our 3 regional service segments achieved significant revenue growth and operating leverage in 2014. Together, these regions produced growth, without the contribution from Norland, of 21% in normalized EBITDA and 17% in revenue. Combined, margin improved 50 basis points for the year, again, without the contribution from Norland. CBRE global investors and development services exceeded our guidance of flat performance for the year x carried interest. Together, EBITDA, without carried interest, was up about 7% or approximately $12 million for the year.
 Bob mentioned our efforts to optimize the long-term strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. Towards this end, we continue to shift shorter-term fixed or floating rate debt to 10-year fixed rate bonds and to expand and refresh our revolver. In December, we issued an additional $125 million of 10.5-year bonds. Last month, we closed on an expanded $2.6 billion 5-year revolving credit facility and $500 million tranche A term loan facility. Proceeds from the financings, along with cash-on-hand, were used to pay off the balances of our shorter-maturity term loans and the outstanding revolver balance of approximately $5 million. Just prior to year-end, Standard & Poor's raised CBRE's corporate rating to investment grade. At year-end 2014, our net debt to normalized EBITDA ratio was 1.0. 
 Please turn to Slide 6, which outlines our revenue growth by line of business for the full year. I'll make 2 observations on this slide. First, the 2 largest parts of our business achieved very strong top line growth, with leasing up 16% to approach $2.4 billion in revenue, and Global Corporate Services and Asset Services, up 51% or 16% without the addition of Norland to exceed $3.7 billion in revenue. Note that the leasing and capital markets revenues associated with corporate and asset services are accounted for under the Leasing and Capital Markets headings on the slide. Second is the profile of our business mix. Contractual revenue equals 51% of total revenue for the year. Contractual revenue and leasing revenue, which is largely recurring, totaled 77%. Property sales accounted for 17% of total revenue. 
 Now please turn to Slide 7 for a discussion of our results for the fourth quarter. Performance in Q4 was strong. To understand the comparison to Q4 2013, it is important to remember that we realized $58 million of EBITDA from carried interest in last year's Q4. Excluding carried interest from both quarters, normalized EBITDA rose 20% from the prior year quarter and adjusted EPS increased 18%. Currency fluctuations reduced adjusted EPS by 2% to $0.68. Normalized amortization and depreciation expense in Q4 2014 increased approximately $11 million versus Q4 '13. Our normalized tax rate was 32% for the quarter, resulting in a 35% rate for the full year. 
 Please turn to Slide 8, where we present our Q4 revenue performance by line of business. Global Property Leasing revenue rose by more than 20% as we continue to gain market share. Our occupier outsourcing business, which we call Global Corporate Services, continued to perform very well. Revenue, including related transaction revenues, increased 60% or 19% without the contribution from Norland. We signed a record number of outsourcing contracts with new customers during the quarter. Property sales revenues rose 17%. Strong revenue gains in property sales were notable in the U.S., France, Japan and Spain, with each exceeding 20% growth in the quarter. Commercial mortgage services was up 35% globally. Revenue growth was also strong in our global valuations business, up 21%. In the Americas, we saw a pickup in traditional appraisal activity, supplemented by acquisitions that complement our existing service offering. Our Development Services business continued to perform exceptionally well, while as expected, revenue declined in Global Investment Management. Capital raising activities in Investment Management were robust, reflecting strong performance for our clients.
 Now I'll turn to the Q4 results for our regional business segments, starting with our largest segment, the Americas, on Slide 9. Overall revenue for the Americas rose 20%, the ninth quarter in a row of double-digit revenue growth. This growth rate is particularly notable for a $5 billion business segment. Leasing turned in its best growth in 4 years, with revenue surging 25%. This robust growth is a product of the investments we've made in recent years to support our brokers as they serve our clients and to enhance our brokerage ranks through to recruiting and targeted infill M&A. We also benefited from steadily improving macro conditions. Property sales rose solidly driven by the U.S. where revenues rose by 20%. Commercial mortgage services revenues rose 26%. Combined, Global Corporate Services and Asset Services revenue increased 17%. 
 Please turn to Slide 10, regarding EMEA. EMEA revenue grew vigorously across our entire suite of services. Overall revenue jumped 78% or 23% excluding Norland. Norland contributed $240 million of revenue for the quarter. Property sales revenue increased 23%. The U.K. continued to be a bellwether for the region and we achieved significant growth in several other countries, including France, Ireland, Poland and Spain. Given our broad capabilities across the region, we have been well positioned as capital has moved increasingly across Europe. Leasing rebounded strongly following a subdued performance in Q3. Revenue from this line of business climbed 22%. Growth was particularly impressive in the U.K., up 25%, where we achieved higher market share in Central London. We also saw notable growth in Germany and the Netherlands. Combined, Global Corporate Services and Asset Services revenue increased 11% before the contributions from Norland. 
 Please turn to Slide 11 regarding Asia-Pacific. Revenue in this region improved 14% for the quarter. The fastest-growing area of our business was Global Corporate Services and Asset Services, with combined revenue up 19%. Most of this growth occurred in Australia and India. Our leasing business line also produced a very good growth this quarter, with revenue up 15%. Australia and Japan set the pace for the region. Property sales revenue rose 13% during the quarter, again, driven by Australia and Japan. This growth compares with an especially strong Q4 of 2013 when year-over-year revenue surged 46% over Q4 2012. 
 Please turn to Slide 12 regarding occupier outsourcing, which we call Global Corporate Services. This global line of business is reported within the 3 regional service businesses. Our Global Corporate Services business sustained its long-term track record of strong growth as the depth, capability and maturity of CBRE's integrated service offering continues to attract new clients. Reflecting this, Q4 was one of our best quarters ever, with 63 total contracts signed. Globally, we brought on 107 new contractual accounts last year, by far, our most in a single year. We expect our globally integrated outsourcing platform and increasing synergies with our leasing business to continue to drive long-term growth.
 Please turn to Slide 13 regarding our Global Investment Management segment. As we had expected, this business saw lower results compared to a standout 2013. As already noted, EBITDA associated with carried interest was $46 million less than last year's Q4, and $75 million less than the full year 2013. Looking at the quarter, we saw solid growth in investment portfolio as AUM increased by $3.8 billion in local currency, offset by $1.8 billion of exchange rate impact $90.6 billion. For the full year 2014, AUM increased by $5.8 billion in local currency, offset by $4.3 billion of exchange rate impact. As we noted at the beginning of last year, 2014 was a transition year as we sold $10 billion of assets and exited a couple of businesses in 2013 and absorbed lower fees in Continental Europe in 2014. We expect growth in normalized EBITDA and AUM in 2015 as we continue to deploy the $8.6 billion of capital that we raised in 2014. 
 Please turn to Slide 14 regarding our Development Services segment. Our Development Services business, again, generated significant growth. For the quarter, revenue plus equity earnings and net gains on real estate dispositions increased 50% to $74.9 million versus Q4 2013. EBITDA for the quarter rose 70% to $37 million. Our pipeline increased to $4 billion, up $1.1 billion from the third quarter of 2014. Most of this increase is due to fee development work in the healthcare sector. Projects in process totaled $5.4 billion, up $300 million from the third quarter of 2014. Our equity co-invest in the development business totaled $119 million at the end of 2014, while our guarantees on outstanding debt balances stood at $10 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks. 
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. Please advance to Slide 15. By any measure, 2014 was an excellent year for CBRE. We believe 2015 will be another year of strong growth. Market fundamentals continue to gradually improve. The investments we've made in our people and operating platform have materially strengthened our global business lines and positioned us for further market share gains. Among our global business lines, we expect leasing revenue to increase at a low double-digit rate as we continue to benefit from our growth initiatives and better macro market conditions, particularly in the U.S. Our Global Corporate Services business remains poised for mid-teens revenue growth. We continue to benefit from our improved platform and increased collaboration between our leasing and corporate services professionals. Our capital markets business, which includes property sales and mortgage services, is expected to grow at a high single-digit pace. The influx of capital into Commercial Real Estate remained strong, but market volume growth can reasonably be expected to moderate from the robust levels of the past few years. However, capital markets volume can fluctuate materially from quarter-to-quarter. 
 Looking at our business overall, we expect our 3 regional services businesses, combined, to achieve further operating leverage and margin improvement, likely moderating from last year's increases. Our combined principal businesses should perform roughly in line with 2014 with Investment Management up and Development down coming from a strong year of gains in 2014. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be up approximately $25 million this year, primarily relating to investments in our operating platform and strategic M&A. Interest expense will likely be flat to down slightly. Our normalized tax rate for 2015 is expected to approximate last year's level of 35% for the full year.
 Last year, we commented on our historical percentage distribution of normalized EBITDA by quarter. Our quarterly normalized EBITDA profile for the last 4 years has been an average of 16% in the first quarter, 23% in the second and third quarters and 38% in the fourth quarter. This information is being provided to demonstrate historical context for CBRE's quarterly normalized EBITDA distribution. Please note, this is not meant to be quarterly guidance for 2015 and the percentage may vary somewhat in any given quarter. In light of our outlook for the business, we expect to achieve earnings per share as adjusted in the range of $1.90 to $1.95 for 2015 for a growth rate of 15% at the midpoint of this range. We approach 2015 with great enthusiasm for our business. Our people are working together to execute our strategy, drive growth, produce distinct advantages for our clients and create value for our shareholders. 
 With that, operator, we'll now take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: My first question, on -- in the fourth quarter, your gross margins, they moved up a little. But typically, in prior years, we've seen that go up a bit more. And just wondering what's going on there because it seemed like the OpEx margins were about the same. And so I'm just wondering if this is -- if there's going to be less movement in that going forward, or if there's something in the quarter that drove that down. 
Jim Groch: Thanks, Anthony, this is Jim Groch. The 2 impacts primarily were Norland, which is significant revenue coming in at a lower margin and EMEA margin was impacted in Q4. 
Anthony Paolone: Because the -- I just think about it going up, I think it was 160 bps from 3Q, just sequentially, and it was maybe up only 50 bps from where you were in 2Q. So putting even Norland aside from what happened in 2013, it just seemed like the quarters were a lot closer to each other in '14. Is that something to expect in '15? 
Jim Groch: No, I don't think so. In EMEA, in particular, we had several nonrecurring type expenses that we did not normalize, but they did have an impact on the EMEA in Q4. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then in terms of leasing revenue growth, how would you parse out what's the market and what's been your share, and how do you think about those 2 things as we look ahead? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, this is Bob. We got lift from both. We're confident we took market share in leasing and that's been going on for a couple of years, partly because of some changes we made to our platform that allows our Global Corporate Services business and our leasing teams to work more effectively together, partly because we've done an awful lot of recruiting over the last 2 years. We mentioned last year that we had a -- had, had a record year, and this year we had comparable recruiting around the world. So the combination of those things allowed us to grow our leasing business at a rate that was significantly ahead of the market. But the market also provided significant lift. We expect to see a similar dynamic in 2015. We hope and expect to take market share and we expect to see the leasing markets around the world be increasingly strong. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then, can you talk about just, you've got a better rating from the rating agencies and you're a bigger company now. Can you talk about just what to do with free cash flow going forward? And you mentioned you only have about a turn of debt at this point. Just wondering what happens to 2015 free cash flow. 
Jim Groch: Anthony, this is Jim. We have taken contingent -- we've done contingent work on our balance sheet to strengthen the balance sheet and provide more flexibility. As you've noted, the leverage ratio is low. We're always evaluating uses of cash, including dividends and stock buybacks and all other options. If you look at the last 5 years, we've invested the vast majority of our free cash flow in acquisitions, primarily and also in significant investments to our platform. And I think these investments have materially enhanced EPS. We'll continue to evaluate the options, but at the moment, that continues to be our focus. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then just last question for me. Any commentary on the competitive landscape for people, in both incremental people as well as retention, given that we're further into the cycle and there are some other competitors out there, obviously, who want to get big, too? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes, it's a competitive marketplace for people, Anthony. That's our product and that's the product of our competitors. And so we compete for the people. I would say, it's continued to pick up slowly over the last 2 or 3 years, and we expect that competition to remain hot in the coming year or 2. In general, most of what you see is rational, but occasionally, we see some activity that's not totally rational. And as is the case with acquisition opportunities that don't make sense from a pricing perspective, we try to stay clear of those situations. 
Operator: The next question is from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. 
Mitch Germain: Just, I'm curious in terms of how the guidance contemplates new business from outsourcing. Is that somewhat included in the mid-teen growth? Or is the mid-teen growth more or less a same-store number? 
Jim Groch: Yes. No, Mitch, we expect to do mid-teens growth in the GCS or occupier outsourcing business next year, and that's through growing existing accounts and adding new accounts, which both are strong drivers to growth for us year in, year out that business. 
Mitch Germain: And I guess it goes by assignment, and it's kind of blanket statement to ask you a question here, but I mean, do all of them go free cash flow positive from the start, or is there a bit of a ramp-up? 
Jim Groch: This is Jim, Mitch. There is a ramp-up and there are often costs up front. We -- you haven't heard us talk about that for a few years just because the business is large enough that those ramp-up costs are steady and recurring and they're just baked into the business and it'd be very unusual for us to have an account that would be large enough to have a material impact that would be worth noting. 
Mitch Germain: Great. And with regards to the hiring, I know, certainly, talent upgrades has been a big part of the story. Do you expect to do similar levels in 2015? 
Robert Sulentic: We expect to be active, Mitch. Whether we'll be able to stay at the levels we've been at the last 2 years, we'll have to watch and see what happens. We already got from Anthony the question about the competitive marketplace for talent. And again, I'll equate it to M&A. We've done a lot of M&A over the last couple of years. We've also passed on more M&A over the last couple of years than we typically do because we've seen some irrational things. We have strong ambitions for recruiting and we know where we want to recruit. But we'll only do that if we think the pricing, so to speak, makes sense. So it's too early to say if it'll be at the same pace as the last 2 years. But the last 2 years have been very, very significant for us. As you know, we've spent a good deal of money on it and it's impacted our numbers, but we think it's an investment that's going to have a quite a pay-off for us in the long run. 
Mitch Germain: Great. Last one for me. With regards to the capital raising in the Investment Management business, is there any sort of theme in terms of the types of -- maybe by region or core versus value-add? Are you seeing anything that has a bit of a greater appetite from these investors? 
Jim Groch: Mitch, this is Jim. I would say it's pretty broad based. We've seen significant capital raise in the separate accounts business globally in each -- and we've seen it in each region. Our global multi-manager business raised $1.6 billion. Our U.S. value-add funds raised $1.2 billion. Our Pan European Core Fund raised $1 billion. So it's been pretty broad based. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Burke (sic) [ Brad Burke ] of Goldman Sachs. 
Bradley Burke: First question is on the new revolving credit facility. It's $2.6 billion, a lot more liquidity than you've typically carried. And since it isn't costless to keep revolving credit capacity, I wanted to understand why you decided to add such a big facility. And how should we think about you using that facility going forward? 
Jim Groch: Brian, this is Jim. It is a large revolver. I would say, as you know, you want to execute your balance sheet financing when the capital markets are strong. And that's what we've done. We've just taken advantage of the strength and the depth of the debt markets. It's not cost free, but it is pretty cost efficient. And we -- you may see that revolver not be substantially drawn, but it's nice to have the capacity available when an opportunity comes up. 
Bradley Burke: Okay. And I guess maybe somewhat related to that. You had talked to Anthony about uses of cash. And can you give us a sense of how the split between M&A and investments in your platform and infrastructure, how that would potentially be shifting in 2015 versus 2014? 
Jim Groch: It's difficult, Brad, to predict the dollars that go out in M&A. As you know, that can be quite limp -- lumpy. But CapEx was probably about $150 million last year, which were investments largely in the platform outside of that. I don't -- and I expect that to go up a little bit, but not a lot. 
Bradley Burke: Okay. And then, with the guidance that you have, I want to know what that presumes in terms of an impact from FX. And also, I don't know if you could quantify the impact from FX in the fourth quarter. 
Jim Groch: Sure. Why don't I start with the impact in the fourth quarter. The impact in the fourth quarter was a negative, roughly, $7.6 million, offset by $800 million from hedging. That had about a 2% impact on EPS in the fourth quarter. Overall, for the year, our hedging actually ended up with a net positive result of about $1 million, but we did see the fall off in the fourth quarter. As far as '15, in December, we hedged about 90% of our expected 2015 EBITDA in the largest foreign currencies, pound, euro, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar and the yen. Rates -- the rates that we hedged at in December were already, obviously, different than the average rates for the year. So we think the EBITDA impact of '15 versus '14 average FX rates will be about 2% or 3%; revenue impact of maybe 3%. 
Bradley Burke: And most of that impact would be just from seeing that it will be recognized entirely in the first quarter? 
Jim Groch: That impact is -- we're really looking at the rates that we hedged at versus the average rates for the year. So as far as -- when hedging -- what the hedge impact will be if currencies move, it'll depend how they move over time as to when we recognize the impact of the hedging during the year. 
Bradley Burke: Got you. Okay. And then just last one, on capital market activity. Again, another follow-up. You've mentioned that you continue to expect to take share. But looking at the guidance for capital markets, it's only up high single digits, and that just wouldn't imply a lot of growth in the market after you do take some share and increase headcount. So should we look at that and say that it implies, you would expect flat to low capital markets growth, broadly speaking, in 2015? 
Jim Groch: We're taking a cautious, I think, position around further growth in Capital Markets for the year across the world. So I think, certainly, single digits is our projection for capital markets. Obviously, that's the line of business that's the -- we're the least able to predict, and you'll have the greatest volatility quarter-to-quarter, but... 
Bradley Burke: Is that based on something you're seeing in the pipeline, or is that more caution because it's a difficult business segment to forecast? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. It's based on 2 things. It's based on what our economists believe and it's based on our anecdotal view from discussions with our capital markets people around the world. 
Operator: The next question is from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch. 
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. On the one-time charges in EMEA, would margins have been up excluding those charges? I'm just trying to get a sense of the size. 
Jim Groch: Yes, David, margins wouldn't have been up excluding those charges, but margins would have been materially better. 
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then on the headcount growth for transaction professionals in 2014, was that kind of in a low double-digit range or high single digit? 
Jim Groch: We had a net increase in headcount of over 400 individuals, globally. 
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And I was a little bit surprised when you said the Development Services contribution might be down in 2015, just given the pipeline is up. It's up big. So maybe, is it just the timing of recognizing some of your co-investment gains? 
Robert Sulentic: Well, David, that business, the kind of typical gestation period on a development deal can be anywhere from 1.5 years or so for an industrial deal to much longer, 2, 3, 4 years on an office deal. And what you saw was harvesting of a lot of product in 2014 and a very, very strong year and a very good year for adding new deals into the pipeline. But those deals won't harvest in 2015. They'll harvest in '16 and beyond. So what happened in 2014 set us up nicely for downstream, but it won't have a major impact this year in 2015. 
David Ridley-Lane: Okay, got it. And then I know there was a lot of integration work with Norland during 2014. Did you get a lot of cross-sell benefit in 2014? Or do you expect more of that to come here in 2015? 
Robert Sulentic: We've got some nice cross-sell benefit. I just came back from Europe. I talked to our leaders there. And the view of what happened in a marketing and sales sense there was that we were able to close deals with CBRE clients that we would have never been able to close previously because we didn't have that self-perform building engineering capability, which, as you know, was the rationale for that deal. But interestingly, Norland also felt that some of the clients that they couldn't get to previously, they were able to get to with our full service capability. Now we've combined that whole thing in the second half of the year and put it under Ian Entwisle, who is running Norland. And so that will become more invisible going forward, but to our people, that was pretty visible on both sides this year. 
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And I hate to ask a macro question, but have you seen any early impacts from the drop in oil prices, I guess, Canada, Texas, Middle East, any sense that trends can be slowing? 
Jim Groch: I'll take that. The -- we are seeing -- I would say, you're seeing negative impacts in just little tiny spots where it's noticeable, but overall, we think the impact is -- the net impact is positive to the business. 
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then a final one for me. Just how much of your cash is in the U.S. versus overseas? And does the strength in the U.S. dollar make international acquisitions a little bit more appealing for you right now? 
Jim Groch: About half our cash is outside of the U.S., and the stronger dollar is helpful when looking at the transactions overseas. But obviously, it's as important as to where you think the exchange rates will be over time as to where they are at the moment. 
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Dobell of William Blair. 
Brandon Dobell: Bob, toward the tail end of your remark, you talked about operating leverage in '15 likely moderating from the leverage or margin improvement you saw on '14. And maybe if you could give some color, in the services business, not the principal businesses, but in those services business, what's the main reason for operating leverage getting a little tougher to come by this year versus last? 
Robert Sulentic: Well, we start with the incremental leverage that was baked into the numbers this year, and then we have to add to it on top of that. So that's the situation, Brandon. We expect margins to be better in that business -- in those businesses, those 3 regional businesses next year than they were this year. We don't think at this point that the margins will grow by as much as they grew by this year. 
Brandon Dobell: How much of, I mean, a headwind, for lack of better term, is the growth in Corporate Services, I would imagine getting some decent leverage on some of fixed costs, but I know it's a tougher business than the transaction ones are. But is there an opportunity to change that profile just given how much cross-sell you can generate between GCS and the transaction businesses? 
Robert Sulentic: Well, for sure, when you cross-sell into the transactional businesses, that ends up with a better margin in the project management, facilities management businesses. That's just inherent in those businesses. But we gave you the numbers that we expected for those various businesses, and we -- and sitting here today, we think leasing is going to be a low-teens grower, or we think capital markets is going to be high single-digit grower, but we think outsourcing is going to be a mid-teens grower, which it has been for years and years now and it has an inherently lower margin, so that's part of what we're expecting. 
Brandon Dobell: Okay. Maybe to a certain extent, a macro question. Within the mortgage brokerage business, and certainly here in the U.S. where you've got a pretty big business, but also, it sounds like there's some opportunities overseas as well for mortgage brokerage. Are you guys seeing any signs in terms of credit terms, loan to values, things like that, that make you nervous in terms of credit availability or just how much money is chasing deals? 
Robert Sulentic: There's certainly a lot of capital available for deals, and that's part of what's been fueling deal volume. I wouldn't say it's making us nervous. And if you think about what's going on in the marketplace, rental rates are finally recovering, right? We're just seeing the real lift in the leasing business in the last few quarters that we've all been waiting for, for a long time. Net increase in job growth versus pre-recession 2007 has only been taking place for a year, so we're in pretty early stages there. And cap rate spreads are over 10-year treasuries or BBB bonds, whatever you look at, are still -- they're plenty, reasonable. So we're not worried at this stage about the leverage in the markets. 
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And then final one for me. Looking at the GCS expansions this -- or in 2014, maybe some color on what kind of expansions were most common. Was it just geographic region or geographic region expansion, was it service line expansions? And maybe how big of an impact did Norland have on, I guess, the expansions and maybe even renewal that you did see in '14? 
Jim Groch: Yes, well, first of all, I'll start with EMEA because you mentioned Norland. Obviously, Norland grew slightly better than we thought it was going to grow when we acquired it. So that was part of it. We also had more growth in our legacy GCS business in Europe than we've had historically, and we believe that was due in part to Norland. And also in part to the fact that it's become a more accepted practice to outsource corporate real estate in Europe. In the U.S., we saw a strong growth. One of the really good areas we saw for growth in 2014 was account-based transactional business. And as I mentioned, we think the market is becoming more accommodative there. In fact, we think the market is driving us in that direction and not just becoming more accommodative. And secondly, we've worked very hard to integrate our brokerage teams with our -- our leasing brokerage teams with our GCS transaction management teams, and we think that was helpful. 
Operator: The next question is from Todd Lukasik of Morningstar. 
Todd Lukasik: Just the first quick one on carried interest revenue. Do you guys have a normalized annual run rate or expectation for that? 
Jim Groch: Todd, this is Jim. I'd say that, that can move around a bit from year-to-year. 2013 was an exaggerated amount of carried interest because pre-'14, we just ran expenses, comp expense for carried interest per gap, which meant that the comp expense hit -- the expense hit in different years sometimes from the revenue. So in 2013, that was an exaggerated impact because almost all of the revenue, actually even a little more, was all EBITDA. Since the beginning of 2014, we've changed that policy where we adjust the match and timing of the comp expense with the carried interest revenue. So that's cut down the volatility quite a bit and I think it creates a more clear picture of the reality of the business. But next year, we expect -- this year was reasonably modest. And '15, we think will be similar, the amount of carried interest in this year, which was actually quite modest. But there are a number of funds that are doing well and we think this will be a good a bit of carried interest in the future. 
Todd Lukasik: Okay. And then next question, on interest rate, I assume, on the sales transaction side of the business, changes in interest rates can impact the decision that your clients are making when they buy or sell. Are they more sensitive to movement in the interest rates at the short end or at the long end of the yield curve? 
Jim Groch: Well, I would say, first, the impact that we tend to feel is usually short-lived around the change in swing in interest rates, where sometimes people move to the sidelines a bit to just get a sense as to whether there is an impact and what the impact is. I would say, as long as we're in a market like we're in today where there's decent visibility to an expectation of continuing improvement in the fundamentals and the cap rate spreads are still quite reasonable, other than the short-term impact, we don't typically see movement in the interest rates having a big impact with the kind of fundamentals that are behind the business today. 
Todd Lukasik: Okay. And then you mentioned Norland, that looks like it's off to really good start here. Just curious about whether there was anything else that you guys did in particular that aided the growth of that business as part of CBRE as opposed to growth that they may have achieved as a standalone. And I know you just mentioned kind of the halo effect of having the CBRE brand and all the other services that you can offer the clients that they're pitching. But I was wondering if that was the main point or if there are any other things that's factored into that 20% growth that you referenced? 
Jim Groch: Well, we think the CBRE brand is helpful, but it really wasn't the brand that created the impact. It was the fact that we rounded out our service offering in Europe and could now go to these potential clients and talk about a full integrated service offering, where we were having a difficult time doing that before, which is why we -- a big part of the reason why we pursued the Norland acquisition. So that was really what was the magic there, so to speak. The brand, we certainly believe the brand is helpful and they believe the brand is helpful. And we're re-branding their business, CBRE, as you would expect. But it's that full service offering that is the difference maker. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for being with us, and we look forward to talking with you again in 90 days. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Iaco - Senior Managing Director of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations - US Robert E. Sulentic - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Acquisition Committee and Member of Executive Committee James R. Groch - Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development Gil Borok - Chief Accounting Officer and Deputy Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bradley K. Burke - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CBRE Group Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Iaco, you may begin.
Steven Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2014 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE's future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered to be estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any forward-looking statements that you may hear today, please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our most recent annual report on Form 10-K as amended, and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at www.sec.gov. During the course of this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we will have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Those reconciliations can be found within the appendix of this presentation or in our earnings report. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. CBRE posted excellent results for the third quarter with more than 30% growth over prior year quarter on the top and bottom lines. Revenue gains were broad-based with double-digit increases across virtually all global business lines and in every region of the world. This kind of robust performance underscores the power of our globally integrated service offering, which allows us to create exceptional outcomes for our clients and drive long-term growth. In the Americas, our largest business segment, we posted our strongest revenue growth in more than 3 years. Every major business line showed growth in the mid-teens percentages or better, underpinned by robust leasing and capital markets activity and continued strength in occupier outsourcing. Growth also improved in Asia-Pacific. The 23% revenue increase in local currency was the best for this region since the third quarter of 2010 and was driven by stellar results in Australia and Japan. Revenue doubled in EMEA. While our acquisition of Norland last year contributed significantly to this performance, it is important to note that organic revenue growth was very strong at 19% in local currency. We continue to benefit from our increasingly integrated suite of client services across EMEA, as well as better market activity in much of the region. Strategic M&A remains a core element of our strategy. We completed 5 infill acquisitions during the third quarter, 3 in the Americas and 1 each in Asia-Pacific and EMEA, and we maintain an active pipeline of attractive alternatives. Please turn to Slide 5 which details revenue growth by line of business. Capital markets consisting of property sales in commercial mortgage servicing had a standout quarter. Q3 saw a particularly sharp increase in the U.S. Momentum in this business continues to be fueled by robust capital flows. Occupier outsourcing, which we call Global Corporate Services, or GCS, had another outstanding quarter. Organic revenue rose 18% globally over the prior year period as more large occupiers recognized the depth and breadth of integrated solutions that CBRE provides. With the added contributions from Norland, revenue from this business rose 61%. Leasing revenue rose at a double-digit clip for the fifth straight quarter. The U.S. remains the primary growth catalyst. Demand for space in the U.S. is improving in step with better economic conditions, and we are seeing significant payback from our investments in people and platform to produce -- to boost market share and enhance client outcomes. Development Services benefited from improving fundamentals, which continued to support our merchant build and fee development model. We realized gains through the sale of several development projects during the quarter, which led to significant revenue and earnings growth. Revenue declined in Global Investment Management. This decrease was expected, as we generated $30 million of carried interest in last year's third quarter, which was not repeated this year. Excluding carried interest in both periods, revenue rose 7%. More significantly, capital raising activity continued at a brisk pace. Our performance this year has been outstanding. The heart of CBRE's success is our 44,000 professionals around the world who collaborate to advance the specific business strategies of our clients. We thank them for their commitment to excellence. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, who will provide more color on our results.
James R. Groch: Thank you, Bob. As Bob stated, CBRE continued to turn in excellent financial performance, with a 32% increase in adjusted earnings per share year-to-date, and a 33% increase for the third quarter. This is especially strong operating performance given the significant carried interest in our prior year Q3. Year-to-date, we achieved positive operating leverage in all 3 regional segments with normalized EBITDA growth of 32% versus revenue growth of 29%. This result is even after the contribution of high-growth but lower-margin revenue from Norland. The overall shift in our business mix toward more stable, recurring revenue continued to be evident during the quarter. Contractual revenue rose to 51% of total revenue, up from 48% in Q3 2013. Contractual revenue and leasing, together, totaled 76%. Property sales accounted for 18% of total revenue. Please turn to Slide 6 to review our results for the quarter. In Q3, we produced robust revenue growth of 31%. Excluding contributions from our acquisition of Norland, revenue improved 19%. Normalized EBITDA rose 30% from the prior year quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter increased 33% to $0.40. On a GAAP basis, EPS rose 14% to $0.32. GAAP EPS was reduced by $0.04 for expenses relating to early debt repayment and additional $0.04 for noncash amortization related to previous acquisitions. During the quarter, we issued $300 million of 10.5-year bonds at an interest rate of 5.25%. Earlier this week, we used the proceeds, along with cash on hand and borrowings on our revolver, to pay off $350 million of higher coupon 6.625% notes that were due to mature in 2020. These actions will lower annual interest expense by approximately $5 million and extend the maturity on $300 million of senior unsecured debt by 4.5 years at an attractive fixed interest rate. Normalized amortization and depreciation expense in Q3 '14 increased $10.4 million versus Q3 prior year. Our normalized tax rate was 38% in Q3 2014. We now expect the normalized tax rate to be approximately 36% for the full year. Now I will turn to our regional business segments, starting with the Americas on Slide 7. All referenced percentage increases in the region highlights will be in local currency, and all references to percentage growth will be versus the same period in the prior year. Q3 revenue growth for the Americas accelerated, hitting 20% with EBITDA up 42%. We've now logged double-digit revenue growth for 8 consecutive quarters in the Americas. Property sales rebounded strongly, with region-wide revenue increasing 27%, including a 31% surge in the U.S. CBRE took significant market share during the quarter, as U.S. market volumes in the quarter increased 19%, according to RCA. Consistent with our remarks during the Q2 earnings conference call, we caution against reading too much into quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in this business line. Leasing had another exceptional quarter. Revenue rose 18%, with the U.S. again achieving outsized gains in market share. Market conditions continue to improve steadily with office absorption reaching its highest level since 2007 and rents rising about 5% year-on-year. We are reaping the benefit of the focused investments we made over the last couple of years to attract and develop top broker talent and to enhance our operating platform to support our brokerage professionals. In Global Corporate Services, we continued to sustain a high growth rate. Growth was driven by demand from large occupiers for integrated services and by investments we have made to support the delivery of these services. Combined GCS and Asset Services revenue in the Americas increased 17%. Please turn to Slide 8 regarding EMEA. EMEA had another quarter of excellent growth. Revenue was up 95%, or 19% excluding Norland, with solid growth across most business lines. Norland revenue for the quarter totaled $216 million. EBITDA for the quarter improved 98%. Outsourcing within EMEA is benefiting from increased adoption. Combined, GCS and Asset Services revenue rose 24% without contribution from Norland. In Q2, we integrated Norland, and in Q3, our combined EMEA outsourcing business did not miss a beat as the team continued to land new clients with a more powerful integrated offering. Property sales activity continued to perform well with revenue up 30%. Strong capital flows into the U.K. were a growth catalyst. However, we are also seeing increased activity in other countries as capital migrates towards additional markets in search of yield. Growth was especially robust in Spain during Q3. Leasing revenue rose 3%, mainly driven by the U.K. despite a significant decline in France. Excluding France, leasing revenue in EMEA increased 14%. Please turn to Slide 9 regarding Asia-Pacific. Growth in this region was strong across the board. Overall revenues for the quarter rose 23%, while EBITDA increased 75%. Property sales revenue improved 56% fueled by very strong growth in Australia and Japan. Combined revenue from GCS and Asset Services rose 20%. Strong growth continued in Greater China and Japan, as well as in more established markets such as Australia and India. Leasing markets remain subdued across Asia as multinational companies are cautious about committing to new space. Nevertheless, revenue rose 8%, fueled by very strong growth in Australia. Please turn to Slide 10 regarding occupier outsourcing, which we call Global Corporate Services, or GCS. GCS continues to onboard new clients at an impressive clip, with 26 new contracts signed during Q3, one of our strongest quarters ever, and 70 signed year-to-date. The government sector was our most active vertical market, with 6 new clients. In our health care vertical, we signed 3 major hospital systems. We continued to build momentum outside of the Americas, signing 5 new clients in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. In addition, last week, we signed an expansion of our relationship with Standard Chartered Bank, and we'll be providing transaction management, portfolio services and consulting for its 15 million square feet portfolio in 72 countries around the world. CBRE pioneered this business almost 25 years ago. As we have continued to deepen and broaden our capabilities at an accelerated pace, our corporate clients are asking us to do more. The value proposition that we can deliver to them is compelling. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding Global Investment Management. As anticipated, financial results in the Investment Management business declined. No meaningful carried interest was realized in Q3 of 2014 as compared to nearly $30 million of carried interest revenue in the last year's third quarter. Excluding carried interest, revenue was up 7% driven by significantly higher acquisition fees. AUM totaled $88.6 billion. The decrease from Q2 2014 is mostly attributable to foreign -- to weaker foreign currencies, particularly the euro. In addition, the decline in REIT prices late in the quarter reduced securities AUM held in client portfolios. Our strong record of investment performance on behalf of our clients continues to attract significant new capital. We raised $2.2 billion of new equity during Q3, bringing our total for the last 12 months to $9.1 billion. Please turn to Slide 12 regarding Development Services. We realized strong growth in Development Services during Q3. Revenue plus equity earnings and net gains on real estate dispositions more than doubled to $51.8 million versus Q3 2013. EBITDA for this segment increased fourfold to $24 million. We are benefiting from our focus on developing high-quality assets in markets and sectors with significant investor demand. Closings moved between Q3 and Q4 in both directions, with a net increase of approximately $10 million in EBITDA in Q3, pulled forward from what we had expected to occur in Q4. Reflecting improved fundamentals, our pipeline rose by $1 billion over the last quarter to $2.9 billion, and projects in process totaled $5.1 billion, up $300 million from the second quarter of 2014. Our equity co-investments in the development business totaled $110.1 million at the end of Q3 2014, while our total recourse debt for this business stood at only $13.8 million. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Please turn to Slide 13. We enter the final months of 2014 with strong momentum across our business lines around the world. Underlying fundamentals continue to improve, and market sentiment remains positive. We continue to execute our strategy by investing in our people and platform to create value for our clients and to extend our competitive advantage in the marketplace. With 2 months left in 2014, our full year performance is coming into sharper focus. Therefore, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year to a range of $1.65 to $1.70. We do this while being mindful of the slowing economic growth outside the United States and the challenging earnings comparison we face in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, we generated approximately $58 million of EBITDA from carried interest in Q4 last year. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of your guidance, can you talk about how much of the change was driven by just core performance versus, say, incremental, either carried interest or promotes or whatnot?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, this is Bob. The -- what we did was we looked at the performance in the third quarter, and we adjusted based on that. We already had a relatively optimistic view of what would happen in the fourth quarter. And so to answer your question directly, the incremental guidance that we gave was due to the performance of our core service business.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So if I look at the equity and income from unconsolidated subs, you have $43 million. How much of that was kind of the carry that, I guess, like in your slide deck you're showing as part of Investment Management. I'm just trying to reconcile, like, how much carry in total or gains in total were in the quarter.
Gil Borok: Yes, Anthony, it's Gil. It's about half.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And that -- but again, just to make sure I understand Bob's comments and how they tie, that was contemplated in the prior guidance already.
Gil Borok: That's correct.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. A question on Investment Management because it seems like you guys have pretty consistently been raising capital, but the AUM's been flattish. And I understand you have assets that you sell and so it nets out. Just wondering as you look forward, do you get over the hump in terms of asset sales and start to see sort of the capital raising net out to kind of grow AUM? Or how does that shape up?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, first of all, Anthony, in the third quarter, what you saw hit the AUM was overwhelmingly FX in Europe. So that was the lion's share of it. We've had a good year for capital raising, $9 billion in the last 12 months. We believe that we're going to have success in deploying that capital. So we expect over the next year that we'll see gains in AUM. Now again, with something like FX, we have no control over that at all. So that could impact it, but we -- net of that, we expect to see AUM go up. And as you know, we have sold a lot of assets, $10 billion in the last year plus.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And I guess that's what I'm trying to size up, like, if you think about the $9 billion that you raised, if you put it to work over the next, I don't know, year or so, I guess, how much of that do you think we'll see, putting aside the FX, like, how much do you think we'll see kind of net out in AUM?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, we're not predicting the amount of AUM that it will grow specifically, but we're expecting AUM to go up.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in investment sales, it was really a strong quarter. I'm just curious if you could put some color around either the types of product that drove the growth, like, was it small buildings, big buildings? Because I think it's tough for us sometimes when we look at the data out there points us in one direction but doesn't always tie to kind of how you guys do. So I'm just curious if you could put some color around it.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it was -- there was sales from product types and product ties across the board, but we did have a very good quarter in terms of selling large assets, office buildings in New York, a big multifamily portfolio. So it was a strong quarter. And we -- if you remember, we talked about that little bit in the second quarter. You just can't read too much into any one quarter in this business. We didn't see a lot of that big asset harvest in the second quarter. We had a particularly good third quarter in that regard, and that's what you saw.
Operator: The next question is from Brad Burke of Goldman Sachs.
Bradley K. Burke - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about your comment on slowing economic growth outside the U.S. Can you elaborate on whether you're starting to see any of that show up in a meaningful way in your businesses?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, when we comment on that, Brad, we're talking about what everybody's seeing in EMEA, some slowdown in some of the economies there, Germany notably. We are not seeing that in our businesses. We have a strong, large business in EMEA, and it's performing quite well, obviously, growing well. We're -- like everybody else, we're watching to see what happens, but as of right now, we have a lot of confidence in how that business will perform for the rest of the year. Obviously, when you talk about Asia-Pacific, you see a little bit of that pressure on the economy in China and, as a result, Australia with the slowdown in natural resources. But again, it hasn't come through into our business. It's something we're watching, but we remain confident on how those businesses will perform for the balance of the year.
Bradley K. Burke - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. Wanted to ask about uses of cash, because, presumably, you could have repaid the debt that you took out this quarter, just with cash flow from operations. So one, does this assume that you're comfortable right now with where your leverage is at? And then two, could you give us an update on how you're thinking about uses of cash over the next 2 to 3 quarters?
James R. Groch: Brad, this is Jim Groch. Brad, I would say no real change on our point of view currently around the use of cash, which is that, largely over time for the last few years, we've been using cash to fund M&A activity, and we are comfortable. Directly to your point, we are comfortable. As you know, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is at 1.5, and we are comfortable with that.
Bradley K. Burke - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And could you comment on how you're seeing the acquisition pipeline as it stands?
James R. Groch: It remains quite strong.
Bradley K. Burke - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the last one for me with Development Services. Obviously, a strong quarter and the pipeline saw a pretty big increase versus the second quarter. How should I think about the timing of translating your development in process in your development pipeline to eventually showing up in your EBITDA?
James R. Groch: Brad, it's hard to give you a specific rule of thumb on that, to be honest, just because the nature of the projects vary considerably. We qualify a project in the pipeline as having -- it's met a few conditions, and it's greater than 50% probability of becoming an in-process deal. And so we show the pipeline and the in-process separately, and then over time, you'll see things effectively move from pipeline into in-process. But it can -- I would say, on average, would be anywhere at a low end of 12 to 18 months to 3 or 4 years.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Dobell of William Blair.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Guys, have you heard from your capital markets or mortgage brokerage guys any sense from customers or potential customers that they're trying to get things done in anticipation of some sort of move higher in rates at some point in the spring or summer of next year? Is that mindset impacting the velocity of transactions either for investment sales or for debt origination?
Robert E. Sulentic: In general, we're not seeing that, Brandon. I think the consensus view is that if rates go up a bit, it's going to be indicative of improving economies. Fundamentals are getting better, as you know. Vacancies are declining. Occupancies are increasing, obviously, if vacancies are declining. Lease rates are going up. So I don't think there's a lot of concern, and I think the anticipation of some increase is kind of baked into people's underwriting at this point.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Then taking a step back and kind of market growth rate-wise, as you look out the next handful of quarters for investment sales and leasing, should similar growth rates in the past couple of quarters for the markets, do you think those are sustainable? Or is the macro risk going to put a significant amount of pressure especially on leasing growth rates relative to what you've seen the end markets grow at the past 3, 4 quarters?
Robert E. Sulentic: I'll comment on leasing. Jim, you might want to do the capital market side or the investment sales. We've, throughout the course of this year, performed on the leasing side better than we expected and better than market. Part of what you see there is we've had -- last year, we had a particularly good year in recruiting. We've had another good year in recruiting this year. We've switched out some less active producers for more active producers, and we've done some things to support our brokers that we hadn't done historically. So our leasing performance has been a little bit out ahead of the market. We think we can sustain a market-exceeding performance. We don't have any reason to believe that leasing is going to get dramatically better in the market than it is now. Now if the economy really picked up in Europe, it would get better because, as you know, leasing isn't doing much there. It's pretty flattish. But we don't see any reason to believe leasing is going to pick up a lot in general.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And as you guys think about headcount additions, lateral hires, are you finding that people have elevated expectations for what it's going to take to pry them out of a peer or a competitor, or are you having to step up to keep your good people with more money than you thought you would at this point in the cycle?
Robert E. Sulentic: The recruiting? Brokerage is in fact getting more competitive, as it always does at this point in the cycle, and we're noticing that. We've had really good success this year. A big part of the ability to recruit brokers is the platform that we bring them into, the customer base you have, the tools you have to support them with, et cetera. So that's -- and we've escalated our investment in brokerage support over the last couple of years, and it's helping us. But there's no doubt that the recruiting environment is getting more competitive, a little more expensive.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then final one for me. As you guys look at the, let's call it the synergies around Norland, but, I guess, more appropriately, getting them into existing contracts that you've had for a while with customers. How long should we expect it to take you guys to get Norland or the Norland services ported over to existing relationships where you're having to subcontract those services, those competencies to somebody else besides Norland? Are we talking a year, 2 years, 3 years?
James R. Groch: Brandon, the -- I would say a couple of things. One, as we noted on the call just a few minutes ago, the integration with Norland with our Corporate Services business in EMEA, which just happened this past quarter, went really well. That whole business is rolled within the Norland group now, and there are a variety of opportunities. But first and foremost, I would say, the existing business that we have has continued to grow. Norland grows at a very nice clip, so it's very active. There's a lot of pursuits, and you've seen our revenues in that business grow at a considerable clip, and continue to do so. Likewise, Norland's own business, that client base, continues to grow at a considerable clip. And so there's quite a bit to mine there in existing areas of focus and now kind of having a deeper offering to go after the larger clients together. In addition to that, there's some of the opportunities that you mentioned, but -- and they're already happening. But frankly, the bigger opportunities are the ones that I just [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from David Ridley-Lane of Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So there was a pretty sizable step-up in the commercial mortgage brokerage business. I think you had talked last quarter about that being modestly down for the year, and I wanted to see if you had an update on your expectations for that service line for 2014?
Gil Borok: We still think it's going to be flattish to last year on a full year basis.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is there any kind of color you can give on the spike here in the third quarter?
Gil Borok: Yes. So on the third quarter, there was -- there are 2 lender types that we work with, right? Traditional lender banks, the like, and then the government-sponsored entities, and in the government-sponsored entity side, we will get servicing right gains, where we get to recognize those. They don't exist on the traditional side. And it's a matter of mix. So the mix shifted a little bit more to the GSE lenders this quarter than what we had, a)expected, and b)seen in Q2.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then I know it's also a small service line, but the Appraisal & Valuation, I think you had talked about being kind of flattish in 2014, and also had a very nice growth in the third quarter. So update on your expectations for that service line this year.
James R. Groch: Yes, David, this is Jim. It has picked up a little bit in Q3. It was -- but still relatively flat without some incremental contribution from acquisition of PKF.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Oh, there's an acquisition in there?
James R. Groch: Yes. But the base business itself has picked up a bit. So where we thought it's going to be down for the year, it's actually picked up, and it's closer to flat year-over-year without the benefit of an acquisition.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then a little bit of...
James R. Groch: And that's with regard to the Americas. Outside of the Americas, that business is growing quite nicely.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Quite nicely. Okay. And then a bit more of a theoretical question for you. There are a couple of large U.S. retailers facing particularly difficult conditions, and so we could see some widespread store closings, or perhaps these companies may enter a restructuring. There's a lot of malls that could be losing anchor tenants. And I was just kind of curious, first, how much exposure do you have into U.S. retail and the capital markets and leasing services? And then second, how have you worked with large-scale bankruptcies in the past, say, a Circuit City or a Borders?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, David, first of all, we have a nice sized retail business. It's growing nicely. But it's not -- the loss of the client -- by the way, the companies that are subject to problems may or may not at any given time be a client of ours. But in general, the loss of a client or 2 wouldn't be material to our overall numbers and just as likely would result in new opportunity to re-lease the space that opened up, so on and so forth. So that kind of circumstance is not a major concern for us.
Operator: The next question is from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities.
Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: You guys seeing any pricing pressure in the Global Corporate Services business?
Robert E. Sulentic: All our businesses are competitive, Mitch, but the Global Corporate Services business is a very sophisticated, integrated cell today, and we have seen steady margins in that business for several years now.
Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Bob or Jim, I can't remember who answered the question about acquisitions, and I might have missed the question and the answer, but have there -- has the pricing expectation changed based upon some of the deals that we've seen close at some pretty attractive EBITDA multiples?
Robert E. Sulentic: We closed 5 infill acquisitions this quarter, and they've all -- they were all within our standard pricing structure. I would say on some of the larger transactions, we are seeing some pricing pressure, and we're just having to be more selective. So, in a couple of recent acquisitions, we just passed early on. But there's enough opportunity out there that you can be disciplined and maintain the type of pricing we've referenced in the past.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay. Well thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to discussing our year-end results with you in about 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco – Investor Relations Bob Sulentic – President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch – Chief Financial Officer Gil Borok – Deputy Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs Brandon Dobell – William Blair David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mitch Germain – JMP Securities Todd Lukasik – Morningstar 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CBRE Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Iaco. Please begin, sir.
Steve Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q2 2014 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast and PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and ability to successfully integrate businesses we have acquired with our existing operations. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today, please refer to our second quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These reports are filed with the SEC and are available at the SEC’s website. During the course of this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. Where required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, those reconciliations can be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer and Global Director of Corporate Development; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, who will join us for the Q&A period. Please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Our strong performance in 2014 continued in the second quarter. We again turned in double-digit growth in global revenue even without our acquisition of Norland Managed Services and a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Overall results were in-line with anticipated trajectory for a business and reflect our success in driving meaningful growth while continuing to make investments that support our professional enhanced client service and will sustain our long-term performance. Before Jim takes you to the quarter in detail, I’ll cover some highlights starting with our global region. EMEA once again produced outstanding results. We continue to benefit from an improved macro environment region and Norland’s first rate building technical engineering capabilities, which are now part of our integrated suite of occupier outsourcing services. While Norland was a major contributor during the quarter, we also produced solid organic growth from our existing businesses. The Americas, our largest business segment showed strong growth. Property leasing and occupier outsourcing were key catalyst. In leasing, we registered our strongest revenue growth in three years driven by market share gains. Asia-Pacific faced dual challenges of a sluggish macro environment and continued currency weakness. However, revenue rose 9% in local currency paced by Australia. We augmented our Asia-Pacific business at the end of the second quarter by acquiring our long-time affiliate in Thailand and established well-run domestic business. We continue to see strategic well-structured M&A as an effective use of capital and have announced six acquisitions thus far in 2014 including three in the past two weeks. Now, I’ll turn to our global business line highlights on Slide 5. As mentioned, particularly notable was property leasing, which generated double-digit growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. This increase was driven mainly by the U.S. while we’re reaping the benefit of improved occupier sentiment and continued focus on market share gains. Asia-Pacific grew solidly in local currency. Occupier outsourcing which we called Global Corporate Services or GCS had an exceptional quarter. Globally, revenue rose 58% with the big boost from Norland. However, even without Norland this was our fastest growing business line with organic revenue up 17%. We continue to benefit significantly from the high quality depth in scale of the global integrated solutions that we deliver for larger occupiers. We also saw improved results in global investment management and the strong track record of our investment program drew significant new capital and generated higher performance base fees during the quarter. Property sales grew significantly in Europe but only increased modestly in the Americas as compared with robust revenue growth we delivered in the second quarter of 2014. Capital targeting U.S. real estate remains strong liquidity as plentiful and we believe our pipelines for the balance of the year are solid. Commercial mortgage service revenue fell due to lower activity as expected with the government-sponsored enterprises. Overall and importantly, contractual revenue sources continue to rise accounting for 53% of total revenue during the period up from 47% in the second quarter of 2013 mostly reflecting the Norland contributions. Our long-running revenue makeshift toward more stable recurring revenue sources was a major factor in the credit rating upgrade we received during the quarter. We’re pleased with our performance in the first half of the year with growth of 24% in revenue and 30% in adjusted earnings per share. In the Americas, revenue increased 11% and EBITDA improved 9% for the first half despite the drag from lower GSE originations. Had GSE activity been flat versus last year’s first half, America’s EBITDA would have increased 14% for the first half of 2014 reflecting positive underlying operating leverage in the business. Overall, our results reflect the ability of our people to deliver premier globally integrated services that create superior value and are increasingly required by clients. This is an enduring strength that provides a competitive advantage to CBRE. Now, Jim will review the quarter in more depth.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to Slide 6. Q2 2014 was another period of strong growth for CBRE. We achieved the 22% revenue increase on the strength of solid organic growth as well as contributions from our acquisition in Norland. Excluding Norland, consolidated revenue rose 11%. Normalized EBITDA in Q2 increased 8% over the prior year quarter. As previously forecasted during our Q1 earnings call, this quarter’s normalized EBITDA was impacted by lower GSE activity and the timing of development sales. Had these two items were flat versus same quarter last year, normalized EBITDA would have been up 13%. After adjusting for selected items EPS increased 16% to $0.36 in Q2. On a GAAP basis earnings per share rose 52% to $0.32, In Q2 2014, we benefited from a $9.1 million decrease in interest expense primarily due to our refinancing activities last year. This benefit was offset by $10.6 million increase in normalized amortization and depreciation expense. Our normalized tax rate fell to 37% for the quarter compared with 40% in Q2 ’13. For the full year, we continue to expect the normalized tax rate to be approximately 35%. Now, discuss the performance of our regional business segments in local starting with the Americas on Slide 7. We continue to produce double-digit growth in the Americas. Overall revenue increased 12% for Q2 2014. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Property sales which can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter grew 4% in the second quarter after tough compare. With the Americas, the U.S. experienced 38% growth during Q1 and only 2% growth in Q2. Q2 was against [ph] Q2 of 2013, that had grown 37% over Q2 2012. We anticipate mid teams growth in the second half of the year. Leasing was a standout performer with a 19% revenue increase. This was our highest growth rate since Q2 2011 as we benefited from investments in this core part of our business including continued strong recruiting. Market conditions are improving and CBRE econometric devisers forecast about a 4% rent increase for Q2 ’14 over Q2 2013 based on preliminary data. We continue to enhance our transaction professional’s ability to create competitive advantage for our clients. By example, our transaction professionals now draw off a considerable internal expertise in order to place solutions, logistics, budget management, investment banking and healthcare. Global Corporate Services or GCS in the Americas grew revenue by 19% or 18% in dollars with strong new business wins. There is significant synergy in both directions between GCS and our leasing business as our large corporate customers are increasingly purchasing these services on an integrated multi-year contractual basis. Combined with Asset Services, GCS and Asset Services together grew by 14%. Please turn to Slide 8 regarding EMEA. EMEA had revenue growth of 82% in Q2. Norland added $196 million of revenue during the period. Even without this contribution, EMEA revenue grew 9% or 16% in U.S. dollars. Norland bolstered our combined GCS and Asset Services growth. However, we achieved 20% revenue growth in local currency without revenue from Norland as our outsourcing business gained attraction in Europe with significant new business wins including a major facilities management contract with Credit Suisse. Property sales also remained strong with revenue up 14%. We continue to see increased activity in more countries including Ireland, the Netherlands and Sweden as well as ongoing strength in Germany. This compensated for lower revenue in the UK where Central London had a pause in activity with some expected Q2 deal activity likely slipped into Q3. Leasing in EMEA declined 5% in local currency that was essentially flat in U.S. dollars. Please turn to Slide 9 regarding Asia-Pacific. We achieve 9% revenue growth in Q2 2014. However, the growth rate was reduced to 3% when translated into U.S. dollars primarily due to the weak Australian dollar. GCS and Asset Services combine saw revenue increase 12%. Third-party real estate management is gaining a stronger foothold in Asia with Greater China, India and Japan providing significant contributions this quarter as did Australia. Leasing revenue rose 9% driven by Australia, India and Greater China where we represented city group in the largest ever office transaction in Hong Kong. We are particularly pleased with this growth at a time when the region’s occupiers generally remain cautious about long-term space commitments. Property sales revenue rose 6%. Activity in Australia was especially robust, which compensated for sluggish performance in most of the rest of the region. Lower EBITDA and operating income for the region in Q2 was primarily due to a decline in high-margin property sales in Japan compared with a very strong second quarter 2013. Please turn to Slide 10 regarding Global Corporate Services. In Q2, the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals once again ranked CBRE the number one real estate outsourcing firm. Even more noteworthy, CBRE was ranked the number three global outsourcing company among all industries. GCS growth is being propelled by a secular change in how multinational corporations and other large usage of space are contracting the real estate services. Corporations are increasingly putting a premium on strategic globally integrated solutions that help them operate more efficiently and enhance their ability to achieve their own strategic objectives and CBRE is particularly well positioned to deliver these solutions. While the outsourcing trend has been growing strongly in the U.S. for some time, this recently gained more attraction overseas and in newer vertical markets. We signed 32 contracts in EMEA and Asia-Pacific in the first half of 2014. In healthcare, an industry facing intense cost and regulatory pressure, we signed new contracts. We expanded our existing relationships with eight U.S. hospital systems in the first half of 2014. In Europe, our GCS offering has been materially strengthened by the Norland acquisition. It has not only given us a best-in-class building technical engineering capability, but has added real depth to our senior management ranks. During Q2, we appointed Norland’s CEO, Ian Entwisle to lead our entire GCS business in Europe. He is a talented executive for the record of driving strong growth for a new business and client retention. Please turn to Slide 11 regarding Global Investment Management. Revenue grew 6% and normalized EBITDA increased 15% in Q2 or 9% and 17% respectively in U.S. dollars. This growth is notable following a year in which we sold $10 billion of assets for our clients and exited the management of a private REIT. We raised $3.2 billion of new equity in Q2 or $4.4 billion year to date, already nearly matching our total capital raised in all of last year. Our ability to attract fresh capital attached to the underlying strategy of the business. We have $6.6 billion of equity available to deploy. AUM increased for the quarter to $92.8 billion up $4.6 billion from Q2 2013. Property acquisitions and dispositions each totaled a bit more than $1 million for the quarter. We now have increased AUM for three consecutive quarters. We generated over $7 million of carried interest revenue in Q2. Under the normalized accounting treatment, we adopted it beginning of last year. We matched the timing of related compensation expense, which was typically about half of the revenue. Our equity co-investment in the Global Investment Management business totaled $167.2 million at the end of Q2 2014. Please turn to Slide 12, regarding our Development Services business. As expected, second quarter revenue and normalized EBITDA in this business declined from a year ago. This is due to timing. As discussed on our last quarterly call, we completed a major asset sale in Q1 which was earlier than expected and another major sale originally scheduled for Q2 will close later this year. This development business continues to ramp up as the economy improves. This can be seen in a larger deal pipeline, which is increased by $400 million since year end 2013 to $1.9 billion. Development projects in process totaled $4.8 billion at quarter end, down marginally from year end 2013. Our equity co-investments in the Development Services business totaled $96 million at the end of Q2, while our total recourse debt for this business stood at only $13 million. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Please turn to Slide 13. At the midpoint of the year, we’re pleased with the way 2014 is unfolding. While the macro environment is mixed globally, we are encouraged by signs of improved conditions in the U.S. and Europe. As important, our people on with the industry’s premier service offering and our increasingly strong platform are creating significant value for clients. Our balance sheet is strong and we recently achieved that in investment grade rating on our secured debt for the first time. First half property sales growth of 14% is in line with our expectations for a double-digit revenue increase for the full year. Property leasing growth of 12% in the first half is pacing ahead of our expectations of mid- to high-digit growth for the year fueled by share gains and an improving market. We expect global corporate services to continue its strong growth following the first half during which revenue was up 59% or 15% without Norland. We now expect GSE origination activity could be down modestly rather than flat for the full year. We also expect revenue in earnings, evaluation and appraisal services in the U.S. to be down for 2014. Our principal businesses, investment management and development services remain on track with some upside versus our initial expectations. In light of our performance in the first half with adjusted EPS up 30% and our active pipeline, we now expect full-year earnings per share as adjusted to be in the $60 to $65 range, an increase of $0.05 per share from our initial guidance. This upside is driven largely by transactional activity, which we anticipate entirely in the fourth quarter. We believe this ranges in aggressive but achievable result for 2014. At the same time, we want to emphasize that we faced much more challenging earnings comparisons in the second half due to the nearly $90 million of EBITDA from carried interest we generated in last year second half. Further, the macro environment continues to present challenges underscored by heightened geopolitical tensions. In closing, we remain positive about our outlook and the advantages afforded by our people globally integrated services offering and strong cash flow in balance sheet. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is coming from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Thanks and good afternoon. With regards to your comment about transactional activity in the fourth quarter driving up to guidance, can you be more specific as to what that is like? Is that promotes that you were previously assuming or is there something else?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. What we mean to say there is that we think there is some upside combined in our principal businesses investment management and development and that’s transactionally driven. That will be from the sale of assets and potentially in our brokerage businesses, our investment properties business and our leasing business. So it’s various types of transactions.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: But those items that could come out of like investor management if you sell assets like the carries and the carried interests in the promotes, do you now including a bit more that in the buck 60 to buck 65 or that would be on top of the buck 60 to buck 65?
Bob Sulentic: No, no. That would be unsighted. That would be a small amount from where we sit today.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Okay, but then the rest of the increase in the guidance also relates to just other businesses not just purely like promotes?
Bob Sulentic:  Yes. Again transactionally oriented, so brokerage-oriented businesses investment sales leasing.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Okay. And then on leasing, you had good growth in that for several quarters now, but it seems like each time you’ve chalked it up to market share gains, just trying to understand a) how much more can you gain in share before you really need the market to kind of get behind you? And b) can you put any brackets around what you think a better leasing environment could deliver in terms of growth in that business segment?
Bob Sulentic: We wouldn’t. We’ve said that we expect growth in America’s leasing, for instance, which is our biggest leasing market by far to be in the 5% to 10% range. We really have modified our due on that. As it relates to our… That could go up with the economy got better, but based on what we’re saying in the economy now what’s being forecasted we think that’s a reasonable rate. As jobs are getting added, companies are also becoming more efficient in their use of space somewhat and so forth. We think we can continue to gain market share for a while. When you look at our business, there is none of our product lines including leasing that we have crossed the board [ph] more than about 10% mortgage share. Leasing in particular is a product line that’s moving in an account based direction sometimes just leasing accounts, so we will do all the leasing for a particular company across the United States or potentially beyond the United States. It may be integrated with GSE accounts, so as that part of the business moves in an account based direction we are advantaged. We’ve added a good number of producers over the last couple of years as we talked about that creates an opportunity for us to gain market share and we’ve done some work to get gain deeper knowledge in the local markets and with some markets we have good market share and then with some markets we have lesser market share and so we’re targeting those markets for the additional brokers and so forth.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Okay, And then just last question. You guys seemed to have done a number of.. Sorry. Talking on acquisitions, if you will, over the last several months, can you give us any color on the economics of those or contribution on a go-forward basis and also just what that pipeline works like as well in terms of doing more those?
Jim Groch: Yeah, Anthony. This is Jim Groch. We’ve closed six small east [ph] transactions and announced the seven and we historically said that our infill transactions are running between 5 and 6 generally averaging over the last several years at about 5 and half EBITDA multiple and we’re continuing, that record continues. We’re actually running at a little bit lower multiple. We are seeing quite discipline on the M&A front and then I would just note that including the announced deal that hasn’t closed yet, most of these have been recently in the last few weeks. We’ll be acquiring in the neighbourhood of $130 million of run-rate revenue.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan:  And what is that pipeline look like in terms of other dealership might be contemplating? Did all of these just happen to occur at around the same or was there sort of a shift for you guys to just focus more on M&A?
Bob Sulentic: Well. If you look over the last 18 months, we have been on average closing a transaction about one transaction a month. We closed 11 deals last year and 6 closed in the first six months of this year. So with this period we’ve obviously increased the volume from prior periods, but let’s say, continues to run pretty steady. We may have a low for a couple of months as we’ve just had a crunch of deals coming through at close, but the pipeline continues to look pretty good.  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good evening guys. When I touched on property sales and realized that the property sales can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but wanted to get a sense to whether the deceleration that you saw in terms of the growth from Q1 to Q2 particularly in Americas, if that’s consistent to what you’re seeing in the market or whether the quarter we’re just in usually choppy? And you’re still forecasting double-digit growth for the entire year, which would imply an acceleration from 2Q. So I was hoping you could elaborate that because the comps don’t appear to be getting any easier year-over-year as you get in the Q3 and Q4.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, Brad. First of all, we had a really tough year-over-year comparing in terms of growth with the growth we had in the second quarter in 2013. We had a big quarter in Q1 as you know, which can suggest that some activity that could have closed in either the first or second quarter closed in the first quarter and frankly we didn’t have a lot of activity in the second quarter. It wasn’t a real active quarter for us at all as evidence by the numbers we turned in. We think that was just kind of a circumstance attributable to the lumpiness of the business a lot like we saw in the first quarter when we had the 30+% growth in the America. So we still based on everything our research people are telling us and our economists are telling us what we’re tracking in the market the backlogs we have, we still think mid teams growth in the second half of the year is reasonable. We keep close tapes as you know on what are producers have in their pipelines and that would suggest that those numbers make sense.
Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s helpful. And then on asset management, obviously a good quarter for the fund raising and it’s nice to see the AUM picked up. So I’m just curious what you’re seeing in the pipeline in terms of more appetite for fundraising and also a nice increase looks like in the base fee. So I’m just wondering whether or not we should expect that to continue, whether there was anything kind of unique in Q2 that drove the quarter-over-quarter increase?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, we’re seeing good momentum around the world in asset, AUM and capital raising for the business and expect that to result in increases in AUM. That’s really particularly true in Europe and the Americas and we don’t see any reason for that to change through the end of the year. In terms of the question on the fee guild, can you answer that?
Jim Groch: Yeah. Hi, Brad. In terms of the fee, I think, what you’ve noticed is that the fees structures under management quarter-over-quarter are pretty flat and then there were some incentive and disposition fees that we received that were hired in prior year and that had to do obviously with disposition activity or largely with that and then there were some carried interests, that sort of the component.
Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just last one. The expectation for evaluation of appraisal will be down in 2014. What’s driving that?
Jim Groch: Hi, this is Jim, Brad. The evaluations business had done a lot of work over the years with lenders in particular working at loans, that activity is fallen off. And then we have also seen a little bit of a shift in what some folks are buying or looking to buy from that service line where they’re purchasing at lower costs. Some were level appraisals that we’ve seen a little bit of a shift in the fee structure and then the product as well.
Brad Burke – Goldman Sachs: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Jim Groch:  Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Brandon Dobell from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Thanks. Good afternoon guys. Why you could address, I guess, the thought process at the management level thinking about flowing through some of the transactional upside versus pushing that back into the business and going out on hiring some more transaction professionals, I did guess I think about the trade-offs between those two, I guess, uses of margin points these days?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, Brandon, we made the decision a couple of years ago that we were going to trade-off some current income for more certain long-term growth in a variety of ways. One of the ways was by additional recruiting in our various brokerage lines of business. Again as you know last few we had our best year in the decade recruiting. That has continued into this year. That strong recruiting momentum, we’ll see by the end of the year how it affects over the last year, but we’ve had good recruiting momentum this year. We also chose to make investment in what we called our operating platforms, so things like technology, research, etc. that support our market facing professionals. So we have a mindset and a strategy that is aimed at investing in the business to a rational degree in the short run to support long-term growth and long-term stability in the business. That will continue, that will continue with the acquisition of producers but it will also continue in the other ways I mentioned.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: So it sounds like there is enough upside in I guess the flow of business that you can continue all those efforts at the pace as you thought you would be on, as you started the year but it doesn't sound like there was enough to say – all right, let’s step up the pace of either technology investment or producer recruiting, or are you satisfied with the pace of both those initiatives? Technology and producers?
Bob Sulentic: We are satisfied. We stepped that pace up some time ago. We haven’t backed off the pace but we’re not accelerating. We think we’re at about the right -- about the right place now.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: And then focus on Norland for a second. Any material or noticeable seasonality in that business as we think about modeling its contribution in the back half of this year?
Jim Groch: Yeah, Brandon, this is Jim Groch. Norland’s historical strongest quarter is Q1, and the next strongest quarter is Q4 typically and then two and three are plus – have been plus or minus the same. So unlike a lot of our business, it’s actually slightly weighted to the first half of the year.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: And then looking at the contracts that you guys signed in the quarter, where you had opportunities to perhaps bring Norland into those discussions, I guess, I am curious from two perspectives. One, are you able to go into existing contracts that either aren’t up for renewal or in a period where you are not talking too much about the next leg of the contract and inject Norland into the discussion, maybe to either displace an existing vendor or displace an in–house capability? And then secondly, in the contract negotiations where there is a renewal opportunity. Have you been able to put Norland into that discussion, as easily as you thought you could post the acquisition?
Bob Sulentic: With regard to our GCS business, which is where Norland primarily plays, they have been welcomed by our folks and by our clients in renewals in new contract pursued. So the answer to that is very definitely yes. And it has been viewed roundly as an upgrade to our offering, and rounding out of our offering in a big way in Europe, or particularly in the UK. In terms of inserting them in ongoing contracts, we only do that at points where there is -- we only attempt to introduce them into a contract at a natural point where there's a renewal or there's a need for the particular service they offer to the bid. That's the right way to do that, and that’s the approach we take.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: And then final question, the leasing markets, obviously some nice I guess gradual acceleration the past 10 quarters. In your discussions with corporates out there, I guess, occupiers in particular, how fast do you think they are moving towards this kind of contractual relationship or leasing as part of a broader – I guess a broader relationship with you guys, and is that – is there any specific type of company that’s making a faster push that way looking to integrate a whole lot of services with one provider? I am just trying to get a sense for how quickly market share drivers can change given that push towards kind of a more broad contractual relationship with you guys?
Jim Groch: Brandon, this is Jim. It has been kind of on a steady march along that path for the last few years. We estimate that about 30% of our tenant revenues are now coming from our large corporate outsourcing clients and roughly half of our corporate outsourcing assignments include transactions as part of the contract. So it’s become quite material over the last few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure, I think we will start comping the lower GSC in the third quarter and just kind of curious – I know you are saying the originations would be down for the full year. But how much of that drag kind of goes away as we look into the second half of this year?
Gil Borok: Hi David, it’s Gil. If you will recall, original guidance [ph] that we thought for the full year would be flat, right, but the first half down, and the second half recovering. That was the original guidance and so what we are indicating is we just don't expect as much of a recovery in the second half. So it will be down slightly for the full year.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And is my math right around 12 million drag for the first half in terms of EBITDA?
Gil Borok: 13 million.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And when you look at the drivers of leasing acceleration, are you seeing more sort on a square footage demand, is it the fact that rents are increasing, or terms going up, is there any sort of driver that stands out as improving significantly?
Jim Groch: The one thing we commented David – this is Jim – is that rent growth – our econometric advisors group has rent up about 4%. That’s a preliminary data, so it’s not all-in but that’s discipline disciplinary the this is not all and but that over 12 months, so that is starting to become more material impact on the leasing business. Otherwise no single factor that is material but on the margin the square footage get a little bit higher, we are even seeing a month or two more on term on occasion on average. So all the indicators are just moving slightly but the big moves I would say are rent and then market share.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then if you had to look into your investment sales pipelines, are you seeing more activity in the tier 2, tier 3 cities or is it kind of evenly balanced in terms of growth between tier one and any other cities?
Bob Sulentic: We are seeing the smaller markets pick up on a relative basis, and it’s a direct link to the fact that capital is looking -- there's a lot of capital out there, a lot of it is already been aimed at the gateway markets etc. and it’s now moving into the second tier markets.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So when you look at the asset services pieces of the outsourcing business for additional owners, are you little bit more optimistic, there has been a couple of reports around increased allocation to real estate among some pension funds and some sovereign wealth funds, and do you see an opportunity for your business to increase there?
Jim Groch: This is Jim. I would say we’re not seeing much of that to be honest with you. That businesses is being impacted somewhat by just a very high churn rate, as asset – as the pace of sales have gone up. Let me just clarify that – are you talking investment management or property management?
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I am talking about the asset services pieces of the outsourcing, so not GCS but for the institutional owners.
Jim Groch: The property management side, which falls under asset services, so we’re seeing a little bit of momentum – as net operating income in the buildings begins to improve with higher rental rates, that can flow through in fees but that business overall has a relatively slow growth rate still right now.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Mitch Germain from JMP Securities.
Mitch Germain – JMP Securities: Bob, I am just trying to circle back to your on leasing, you are up 12% on the year, you guys are I think mid to high single-digit, you’re talking about transaction really is what's driving some of the upside to guidance. So is that now a double-digit growth, is that where you are expecting or should we expect a bit of a slowdown in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year as you -- given how much you’ve accelerated, so trying to understand how that plays out?
Bob Sulentic: We think we’ve had a really good rate of growth in leasing in the first half of the year. We don’t know if we will keep it at the level it's been at. We think we are going to take market share, we think we will outgrow market. But our comment on the upside that you are in, is we look at all of our transactional businesses, so as we said a little bit development, little bit investment management, little bit investment properties, little bit leasing and we see generally good activity -- good opportunities in those areas and we think that the cumulative effect of all that should provide the kind of upside that we’ve given you in our number by raising the range a nickel. It’s not something where we have budgeted that 5% out in detail and allocated it among those various pieces.
Mitch Germain – JMP Securities: And I just want to go back to one of Brian’s questions with regard to your hiring efforts. Is your foot – I guess what I am trying to characterize is your foot on the accelerator as fast as it was in ’13 or has it slowed down a bit?
Bob Sulentic: It’s comparable. It’s comparable. Our attitude toward recruiting is the same it was, we are trying to find the right people. When we find the right people in the right slots that we need, we go after them aggressively, but we don’t have an attitude that we have to hire a certain number of people. We have more of a view of our network and where there is opportunities to take market share on our network, and we go after the right people to fit those holes and our attitude toward that hasn’t changed in the last 18 months.
Mitch Germain – JMP Securities: Great, and the last question from me, you talked about some increased swings in Europe and in Asia. And I guess maybe I am curious, are they local – European local and Asia local companies or are they being – or effort being run out of the US and for the local European and Asia companies, is there some sort of theme, is there some sort of region, is it cost savings, is it trying to maximize efficiency at the real estate collaboration or whatever, what’s really driving them gaining increased adoption of outsourcing?
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all, the trend on this for our outsourcing business and I think in general for businesses that outsource, whether they’re real estate or otherwise is that there is similarly adopters and others in the marketplace watching and if they see good results they start to adopt themselves and then the population of people that know how to do it within a sector grow. So right now we are seeing a trend little bit like we saw in the states, there were some early adopters in Europe and Asia and it’s becoming more and more accepted over there too, it’s growing. Almost always they are looking for a couple of things. Cost – they are looking for us to deliver cost savings, because we have a track record of being able to deliver cost at better rate than they can. We are more expert at than they are. They tend to be in other industries, we are in the real estate industry and so that’s helpful to us. Secondly, they are looking for strategic advice. When we provide integrated outsourcing services, we are at the high end of this strategic pecking order so to speak. So we are doing facilities management, project management, transaction management advice, consulting advice. They are looking for strategic advice in real estate and then coupling that with these other services and that creates an advantage for them. And so those are two things that they are consistently looking for that we are able to deliver, and we have a demonstrated track record of doing that and it’s starting to be recognized in Europe and Asia as it was in the early days in the United States.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Todd Lukasik from Morningstar.
Todd Lukasik – Morningstar: I have a couple on the global corporate services business. First, I was wondering how you had described the pace of interest in this area. I know it’s been strong lately but have you noticed that accelerating at all? And then second, can you talk a little bit about the onboarding process for those new GCS clients a bit and in particular, I am wondering if there were a big uptick in client interest – are there any onboarding capacity constraints to accelerating the growth in that area from your perspective.
Bob Sulentic: We haven’t had onboarding capacity constraints. It’s a lot of work when you land one of these accounts, and you have to have a deep bench of people, that’s one of the advantages we have. We have 300 of these accounts now, which provides a strong base of people we can use to bring on additional accounts. And again going back to the previous question, in the early days when there were only a small handful of accounts, there weren’t that many practised professionals out there so to speak. We have that now which is very helpful. I would say we have seen a consistent growth in interest in this part of our business over several years and that continues. And as we said it’s being helped by a couple of things now. Number one, the fact that it’s becoming more accepted in Europe and Asia and number two, the fact that there is some particular verticals in the United States and in our case, healthcare is a big one for us where there is growing interest. We had the eight new opportunities we signed in healthcare in the quarter. So the combination of those two things is driving growth and interest in that business for us.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question and answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Bob Sulentic: That’s all the comments. We appreciate everybody’s questions and we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Iaco - Investor Relations Bob Sulentic - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Groch - Chief Financial Officer Gil Borok - Deputy Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Keane McCarthy - William Blair David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s call will be recorded. And I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE’s first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q1 2014 financial results. This release is available on our homepage of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with the prepared remarks. An audio archive of the webcast and PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today and a transcript of the call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding CBRE’s future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and ability to successfully integrate businesses we have acquired with our existing operations. These statements should be considered to be estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. For a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today, please refer to our first quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K and our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular, any discussion of risk factors and forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website, sec.gov. During the course of this presentation, we may make certain statements that refer to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of those measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, those reconciliations are going to be found within the appendix of this presentation. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Groch, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gil Borok, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer, who will join us for the Q&A period. Please turn to Slide 4, as I turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. CBRE had a very strong start to 2014 with excellent growth on the top and bottom lines as you have seen in our press release. These results reflect the ongoing investments we have made in professional talent and resources to further support our people in creating value for our clients. Jim will take you through the results in detail, but I will briefly hit a few highlights. First, we achieved significant growth in all three global regions. EMEA set a brisk pace with double-digit organic growth in every major business line. We were pleased to see activity pickup in Europe as investor and business confidence has improved in step with the recovering economies. In particular, we saw continued strength in the United Kingdom, where our efforts to diversify our business lines and accelerate growth continue to pay dividends. The acquisition of Norland Managed Services, which we will discuss in detail later, was a key contributor to our results in EMEA and supplemented strong organic growth across business lines in the region. We also sustained double-digit growth in the Americas, our largest business segment. This resulted from empowering our sector leading professionals with increasingly differentiated resources to expand our client base and grow market share. Our Asia-Pacific business also performed well in the first quarter. Despite continued occupier and investor caution, we generated 18% revenue growth in local currency fueled by property sales. However, like the past few quarters weakened currencies in the region served to temper our growth rate when translated into U.S. dollars. On the M&A front, after acquiring 11 companies in 2013, we completed two infill acquisitions in the first quarter of this year, one in the U.S., and one in Europe and have an active pipeline of attractive acquisition candidates. Please turn to Slide 5. We continue to benefit from the measured investments we are making to support our professionals as they work together to provide integrated service to our clients. This is central to our growth strategy and helped us build market share and enjoy strong growth in nearly all business lines. Occupier outsourcing revenue, which includes certain transaction revenue, increased 61% on a global basis. Even before the significant contributions from Norland, we achieved double-digit growth of 12% in this business line globally. Norland is included in our results for the first time following the completion of its acquisition in late December 2013. In terms of new business, Q1 2014 was one of our most active periods ever for new occupier outsourcing contracts and expansions. Global leasing revenue grew at a double-digit rate for the third consecutive quarter as we made additional gains in market share. All three regions showed strong growth led by EMEA. Global property sales revenue rose 27% reflecting an active global investment market and CBRE’s central role in facilitating cross-border capital flows. While revenue rose strongly in all regions, growth in EMEA was particularly robust. Growth in commercial mortgage brokerage revenue improved despite the decline as expected in lending activity with the U.S. government-sponsored enterprises or GSEs. This decline was more than offset by increased U.S. loan originations to other capital sources and sharply higher loan sales activity. All of this added up to robust financial performance, including growth of 26% in revenue and 56% in adjusted EPS. Needless to say, we are very pleased to deliver this kind of growth to our shareholders and we thank our people for their hard work in bringing about such a positive outcome. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of the quarter.
Jim Groch: Thank you, Bob. Before we move from Slide #5, I would like to highlight that 58% of our revenue this quarter came from contractual sources, mostly from Global Corporate Services, which is our occupier outsourcing business and from Asset Services. Adding leasing, which is largely recurring and you encompass 80% of the $1.9 billion total revenue for the quarter. This reflects the material shift in our business mix over the last several years as we have moved toward a more comprehensive mix of integrated services for our clients. To understand this shift, it is important to know that the buying pattern for large multinational clients has changed materially over the last several years. By example, in connection with the typical new large contract, we often onboard hundreds of client’s in-house real estate professionals from across the globe. Previously, these employees of such clients would have engaged dozens of smaller real estate service providers, including brokerage firms, facility managers, project managers and consultants on an as needed basis. Today, they will contract with us typically under a five-year agreement. They count on CBRE to manage their real estate activities globally in a much more strategic and cost effective way. As the global leader in each of our lines of business, we are well-positioned to serve clients that demand comprehensive globally integrated outsourcing solution. To put this into perspective in 2002, our total company revenues were about $1.35 billion. Last year, our top 30 clients alone totaled $1.3 billion of revenue. Please turn to Slide 6 for an overview of total company performance. As Bob mentioned, Q1 2014 was a period of excellent growth. Our 26% revenue increase reflected strong organic growth as well as contributions from our acquisition of Norland. Excluding Norland, consolidated revenues rose 11% or 12% in local currency. Due to the nature of the services provided by Norland, we experienced an aggregate shift in cost classification from operating expenses to cost of services. As a result, cost of services increased as a percentage of revenue, while operating expenses decreased as a percentage of revenue for the quarter. Without the impact of Norland for the regional services businesses, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was essentially flat and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased approximately 60 basis points. In Q1 2014, we benefited from a $16.2 million decline in interest expense largely because of our refinancing activities early last year. Depreciation and amortization expense on a normalized basis rose by $6.9 million. This increase was primarily driven by capital expenditures aimed squarely at strengthening our ability to serve clients. The normalized tax rate for the quarter was 35% and the full year rate is expected to be about the same. Normalized EBITDA in Q1 increased 23% over the prior year quarter. If we excluded Norland normalized EBITDA increased 13%. On a GAAP basis earnings per share rose 82% to $0.20 a share for Q1, after adjusting for selected items EPS increased 56% to $0.25 a share for Q1. Please turn to Slide 7 regarding the Americas. We continue to produce strong growth in the Americas. Overall revenue increased 10% for Q1 or 11% in local currency. Property sales were a big growth catalyst. We are capitalizing on moves we have made to strengthen our team along with the increased capital migration into real estate. This is evidenced by our very strong 38% growth rate in the U.S., partially offset by declines in Canada and Latin America resulting in a 17% first quarter revenue increase overall for the Americas or 19% when measured in local currency. In leasing, our investment in upgrading and expanding our brokerage ranks continues to drive growth. As the global leader, we attract the best in call brokerage professionals. Revenue grew double-digits for the third consecutive quarter, increasing by 10% or 11% in local currency. This growth is noteworthy considering the macroeconomic environment where leasing remains uneven. Finally, Global Corporate Services or GCS and Asset Services revenue rose 9% or 10% in local currency. This increase reflects strong new business wins and contract expansions in GCS during 2013. Please turn to Slide 8 regarding EMEA. EMEA was our fastest growing segment during Q1. The addition of Norland helped to increase revenue by 127%. Norland had a strong quarter generating total revenue of $217 million. However, even without this contribution, EMEA revenue growth was a robust 32%. Property sales surged 61% as compared with overall market growth estimated at 26%. Growth was driven by rebounding investment activity across the continent including in the Netherlands, Poland and Spain as well as continued strength in Germany and the UK. Leasing in EMEA also performed well achieving a 16% increase in revenue. This reflected market share gains when compared to an estimated 6% increase in market volumes across the region. The UK drove this performance. GCS and Asset Services growth was strong, even without the benefit of Norland. Excluding Norland, we achieved 30% revenue growth as we added new clients. Please turn to Slide 9 regarding Asia-Pacific. Our performance in Asia Pacific was strong, especially in light of the tepid macroeconomic environment in the region. Overall, revenue rose 18% in local currency and 8% when translated into U.S. dollars reflecting weaker currencies in the region. Like the Americas and EMEA, we saw significant property sales growth in Asia-Pacific. Sales revenue was up 38% in local currency and 26% in U.S. dollars. Australia, Japan and Singapore were notably strong. This performance compares favorably to market volumes, which were up modestly in Q1. Leasing revenue rose 13% in local currency and 5% in U.S. dollars. The increase was driven by Greater China, India and Japan. We are very pleased with this growth at a time when the regions occupiers, particularly multinationals remain hesitant to expand. Strong growth in GCS and Asset Services was tempered by foreign exchange effects. Overall, revenue growth of 12% in local currency was trimmed to just 1% in U.S. dollars. Outsourcing continues to build momentum as it is increasingly embraced in this part of the world. Please turn to Slide 10 regarding Global Investment Management, 2014 is a transition year for our Global Investment Management business as we pivot from harvesting gains last year to deploying recently raised capital this year. As you know in 2013 we sold nearly $10 billion of assets, exited the management of a private REIT and are currently absorbing lower market fees in Continental Europe as a result, we had lower revenue and EBITDA in the quarter. Our ongoing successful fund raising reflects the underlying strength of the business and the strong investment results we have achieved for our clients. Following $5 billion of capital raised in 2013 we attracted an additional $1.2 billion of new equity in Q1. And only since the end of the quarter have raised approximately $1 billion more of equity. We now have approximately $5.3 billion of equity to deploy. AUM increased for the second straight quarter, rising by $1.1 billion from year end 2013 to $90.2 billion. This increase was driven by property acquisitions of $1 billion, higher portfolio values of $700 million and positive foreign currency movement of $100 million. Property dispositions totaled $700 million for the quarter. Our co-investments in this business totaled $159.8 million at the end of Q1. Please turn to Slide 11, regarding our Development Services business. Revenue for the Development Services segment plus equity earnings and net gains on the disposition of real estate totaled $32 million in Q1 2014, up 34% from Q1 2013. Normalized EBITDA rose significantly from $7.8 million in Q1 of 2013 to $11.6 million for Q1 2014. We completed a major asset sale earlier in the year than expected in Q1 and another major sale originally scheduled for Q2 will likely be delayed until later in the year, as such Q2 EBITDA for this segment is likely to be lower than expected due to timing. Development projects in process totaled $5 billion at quarter end, up $100 million from year end 2013. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.8 billion, up $300 million from year end 2013. Our equity co-investments in the Development Services business totaled $87.6 million at the end of Q1 2014, while our total recourse debt for this business stood at only $7.7 million. Please turn to Slide 12 regarding Global Corporate Services, as Bob mentioned our occupier outsourcing business also known as GCS continues to sustain strong momentum in all three regions. Corporations, healthcare providers, government entities and other institutions are increasingly turning to CBRE for truly integrated real estate solutions. As a result, we are gaining new clients and expanding relationships at an impressive clip. In Q1 2014, we signed outsourcing contracts with 25 new clients and expanded our service offering with 24 existing customers. We are particularly pleased with our growth outside the U.S. as real estate outsourcing increasingly becomes an established global practice. And Norland acquisition dovetails perfectly with this trend. This is a high growth, largely recurring business with long-term contracts and a prestigious sticky customer base. It gives us a best in class capability to self perform building technical engineering for our occupier clients in Europe. Norland exceeded growth targets for its first quarter as part of CBRE, as important this business has also expanded our integrated service offering in EMEA and enhanced cross selling opportunities. In only the first few months of integration, we have brought Norland into several CBRE managed accounts including AT&T, AIG, AON and Travelers. We see tremendous upside for Norland as we do for our entire GCS business around the world. Now please turn to Slide 13 for Bob's closing remarks.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. CBRE’s strengths and the results we are generating for our clients were clearly evident in our performance during the opening quarter of 2014. Most of our business lines performed materially better than the market and continue to have good momentum. In particular, property sales were significantly stronger than usual for our first quarter. While we expect this business line to continue to post strong double digit year-over-year increases in all three global regions, we also expect to see these growth rates moderate to more sustainable levels particularly as Europe moves through its early stage recovery and same quarter comparisons become more difficult as the year progresses. In commercial mortgage brokerage, the lower volumes with the GSEs are likely to remain a challenge this year. But as we saw in Q1, we have increased our activity with other capital sources. Leasing for the quarter performed well reflecting the strength of our platform and our professionals and we expect this trend to continue. However, we note that the leasing markets are generally recovering slowly and unevenly around the globe. We expect to sustain strong double-digit growth from our occupier outsourcing business as adoption rates continue to improve and we deepen our market penetration. Norland has added an exciting new dimension to this business in Europe and provides for enhanced growth prospects and long-term contractual revenue. On the principal side of our business for the full year, we continue to expect our investment management and development businesses combined to perform roughly in line with 2013 before taking into account carried interest. As for our performance in Q1 and what it might say about the rest of the year, we expect more upside than downside to our 2014 guidance. As we have often said, the first quarter is a relatively small portion of the year’s earnings and is not an adequate barometer of full year performance. We will face more challenging year-over-year earnings comparison in the quarters ahead. Therefore, at the present time, we are not updating our earnings outlook for full year 2014. All told, we had an excellent first quarter. Continued measured investments in our people and platform and strong performance on behalf of our clients should enable ongoing market share gains and strong long-term growth. Excellent liquidity, cash flow and a conservative balance sheet position us to continue to expand our global leadership position for the benefit of our clients, employees and shareholders. With that, operator, we will open the line for questions. So operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question will be from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good afternoon actually and nice quarter. In terms of investment sales and leasing, things were very strong. Can you talk about just how much of that was perhaps share gain versus the market environment really changing on you and just looking better and what that pipeline might look like right now?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. We certainly experienced a very positive market on the capital markets side. We do think we took share around the world. In the U.S., we were – we kind of performed with market in terms of market share, but in EMEA and Asia-Pacific on the capital markets or sales side, our growth was significantly higher than market. In the U.S. and in EMEA both, we believe our leasing growth was significantly higher than the market, not good statistics on leasing growth in Asia-Pacific, we had some nice growth ourself 13% in local currency. We believe we outperformed the market, but it’s hard to get good statistics over there on that. But in general, capital markets strong, we performed well, leasing markets sluggish, we felt like we performed well relative to market in both.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: So, the outlook for leasing putting aside share still feels from what you are saying like it hasn’t, like not a big change there in terms of improvements?
Bob Sulentic: We don’t think a big change from what we talked about at year end.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then in terms of spending money on the business, investing in the business, anyway to put some dollars around that in terms of where you are there right now or how much more there maybe to go? I understand there is always something to do, but it seemed like over the course of last year, you had ramped that up a bit. Just want to try to understand where we are right now?
Bob Sulentic: Well, I am going to split that into two pieces. One piece being kind of our operating expenditures in support of running the business on an ongoing basis and then one our capital expenditures, M&A, and so forth. And I will let Jim answer the latter and I will answer the former. But we talked last year about incremental expenditures. We have largely caught up with the things that we felt like we need to catch up on. And now what you are going to see going forward is that we are spending in support of the growth of our business kind of at the rate we think we need to spend on an ongoing basis. And then Jim, you want to hit the capital expenditures?
Jim Groch: Yes, sure, Bob. On CapEx, really I would say same guidance that we gave at year end. We were expecting to be somewhere up to $185 million in CapEx for the year. M&A, Bob you mentioned M&A, M&A is really dependent on the opportunities we continue to be very active, but we haven’t given an estimate on what we expect to spend there. Okay, thanks.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just on Norland, any ability to note like what return on invested capital looks like or just how that’s coming in relative to the underwriting?
Bob Sulentic: Well, in general, we – and I will let Jim comment on how we underwrite deals, but we have a number of measures that we use that you would consider pretty typical measures, IRR, accretion and so on and so forth. Certainly, that deal met and exceeded those parameters when we underwrote it and the deal – the businesses performed quite well. They had a stronger first quarter than we expected, particularly with the clients, they on-boarded good clients. We were able to introduce them into our existing clients. So, by virtually every measure, that acquisition has performed at or above our expectations. And Jim, you want to just talk about how you think about acquisitions?
Jim Groch: I would probably just echo a little bit of what Bob said. From a return standpoint, we are well in excess – our targets are well in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. And Norland is off to a great start and we expect it to be quite a strong financial deal for our investors.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just last question for me the $5.3 billion of equity that you have to deploy in investment management, can you just describe the nature of that like for instance is that sponsor fund type money that you would get pointing a quarter on or is that core money that you don’t get anything on until you put it to work and it’s 40 bps or how do we think about that, because it seems like a good pipeline?
Jim Groch: Yes, it’s a bit of a mix of everything, to be honest with you, from around the world. We have not broken out the capital as to what buckets it’s in, but it’s pretty broadly based across most of our businesses, including kind of typical real estate private equity funds at one end and down to core separate accounts at the other end.
Bob Sulentic: I will say there is an interesting dimension to this, Anthony, and that is that we are meeting with increasing success in raising capital to be moved from one region of the world to the other, particularly from Asia, to the other regions of the world both in funds and in separate accounts as Jim said.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Jim Groch: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Brad Burke with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good afternoon guys. Congrats on the quarter. So, realized that you are not updating guidance and realized it’s difficult to extrapolate one, particularly the first quarter and make assumptions about the entire year, but considering what you had said before about the GSEs weighing on Q1 and broker recruits weighing on Q1 and generally EBITDA is 15% of the total in Q1 and you had expected it to be more backend loaded in 2014. I guess, first, I am just trying to understand were the impact from the broker recruits lower than what you had expected? It certainly seems like the GSE impact was lower than what you are initially expecting. And then the second part is it still fair to think that versus that 15% that you are going to be more backend loaded than normal this year or do you think that wouldn’t be the case anymore?
Bob Sulentic: Brad, I would just say, as you noted, the first quarter is a small percentage of the profits for the year typically and it was a very strong first quarter. So it wouldn’t be surprising or that noteworthy if the quarter ended up being a few basis points or a few percentage points higher percentage of income than prior years.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s helpful. And obviously, you had the CWCapital portfolio, was that a big component of the total in Q1?
Gil Borok: It’s Gil. Brad, it was a single digit million contribution.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then and on Norland, I mean clearly a huge driver of pretty impressive results in EMEA and I think we have previously talked about this business in the context of $700 million maybe a little bit more in revenue and just looking at what the business did in Q1 and assuming a run rate on that, it will put you close to $870 million, so I was just trying to understand for Norland, I mean is that – first, I mean, what’s driving the strong improvement and also is that something that we had to be thinking about as a stabilized run rate for the business?
Bob Sulentic: I would say a couple of things, Q1 for Norland tends to be its strongest quarter.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Bob Sulentic: Just the way they are cycle planned to get a little more project management work in the first quarter within long-term contracts. But it is a more stable quarter-to-quarter business. It’s a little heavier in the first quarter.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then, just a last one on the GSEs, certainly we saw the weak GSE originations for the year and it looks like it really wasn’t that much of an issue for you in the first quarter, do you think this is going to become more of an issue if we don’t see an improvement in GSE originations or do you think that going to other sources of capital is something that you can sustain on a go forward basis?
Jim Groch: We did take a hit on that activity as we expected in the first quarter. But as you know we were able to offset that with other sources of capital. I think we would expect to continue to see a bit of a hit in the second quarter. And then after that our best guess is that it shouldn’t be much of an issue.
Brad Burke - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. I appreciate. Thank you.
Jim Groch: You bet.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Good quarter guys. Any other changes Bob to the underlying revenue drivers in the guidance, I know you talked about or you and Jim talked about the mortgage origination and investment management being flat but any other changes of note?
Bob Sulentic: No changes of note, the things that are driving revenue are what we would have expected to drive revenue. Our brokers did a great job. By the way and as it relates to our brokers the one thing nobody has asked us about yet, but last year we talked a lot about brokerage recruiting and having a record year for brokerage recruiting that momentum has continued into this year. So when you think about how the rest of the year is going to play out one of the things that we will have is, we will have the good news of having on boarded more brokers, but we will also have the early cost associated with that additional staff ahead of when the revenue comes on.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Right, I appreciated that. Two of your competitors have talked about acquisition pricing getting a bit frothy, is that consistent with what you are seeing in the market today?
Bob Sulentic: I would say we are seeing a couple of large deals that people are talking about in the marketplace and what’s being quoted sounds quite frothy on the more day to day infill transactions that we are seeing in the market. We don’t see that really, it’s been relatively consistent.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Great. And I think last question for me, what – I know that you have referenced increased penetration of the outsourcing business in Europe and Asia, maybe what was the reluctance maybe initially and what’s really driving the increase in adoption?
Bob Sulentic: It’s a little bit like here only, many years behind and that every time a company does it and they have some success and their peers in the marketplace observe that success, then the peers get more likely to do it. The other thing that happens is as the business picks up momentum and this has been a big issue here in the States. The base of people that are able to deal with outsourcing on the buy side, so in the States over the years the number of corporate real estate executives out there or corporate treasurers or corporate CFOs that would know how to deal with an outsourcing arrangement grows. As those professionals circulate around the industry, that’s starting to happen a little bit in Europe and Asia. And so it’s a build just based on some natural factors as a little bit more is done there is a reason for the next bit of it to be done based on experience and people out there knowing how to do it.
Mitch Germain - JMP Securities: Thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Keane McCarthy with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Keane McCarthy - William Blair: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I mean given the last couple of quarters especially in the EMEA region it appears that it’s turning a corner and we are even hearing things of (indiscernible) of GDP growth in the Western side of the continent, but I was just curious with some of the noise in Central Europe and Eastern Europe if that’s changed any kind of occupier sentiment in the early days of Q2?
Bob Sulentic: It’s certainly changed sentiment in Russia and maybe a little bit of the rest Eastern Europe. It hasn’t had a big impact on our business, because we don’t have a big business in Russia, but it has some impact on sentiment. It hasn’t had a meaningful impact on sentiment throughout the continent.
Keane McCarthy - William Blair: Okay. And then I guess, I mean your property sales have done really well over the last couple of quarters and I was wondering the growth has outpaced the market significantly, but just curious if you could parse that kind of growth into buckets, if there would be the broker additions ramping up or just the capital moving to secondary markets or just kind of in general market tailwinds, just kind of curious where that market share is coming from and if that you guys are just benefitting from the secondary markets more than some others I guess? Thanks.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, it’s a little bit difficult to break it down in that way, but I would say as the market leader, there is a certain amount of critical mass and momentum and when you add to that some infill M&A over time and additional recruiting and then just cross activity between the lines of business, everything has helped us build some market share.
Keane McCarthy - William Blair: Okay, got it. And then just last one for me, you had talked about early days with the Norland as well as the EMEA CB legacy business and the go to market strategy, but I was just curious if you can kind of go in a little more detail as far as how that go to market strategy is progressing. And then how – when you are sitting at the table what clients, maybe legacy CB clients was missing and what they like now with the Norland or vice versa? Thanks.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we had a very clear strategy in pursuing Norland and that strategy was that we wanted to be able to provide the full suite of Global Corporate Services occupier outsourcing capabilities. We knew that we were weak as it related to the delivery of building engineering services. And we knew that was a missing link, it was not allowing us to win some deals and it was not allowing us to do everything we normally do for some of the clients we had. This fit perfectly in that regard and it has played out at least as well as we hoped it would. The Norland team is really quite strong, so when we introduced them to an existing client, an existing CBRE client their reputation is well known in the market and they are quickly received, we ticked off in our opening remarks some of the clients that we have been able to introduce them to. That’s been it – I wouldn’t say it’s been a pleasant surprise, it’s been pleasant. We weren’t all that surprised by it, so it’s worked quite well.
Keane McCarthy - William Blair: Got it. Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. So I heard your commentary that the principal businesses revenue is expected to be flattish in 2014 excluding carried interest, but would you expect the adjusted EBITDA to be flattish ex-carry or is that a bit too optimistic?
Bob Sulentic: We do expect the adjusted EBITDA ex-carry to be flattish in aggregate between the two.
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then how durable are those – are the EMEA capital markets trends that you saw in the first quarter, how strong is your pipeline or how positive is investor appetite for that region?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think the – our pipeline and the marketplace is as you say fairly durable. Now, there is a couple of things going on, some markets like Spain and Ireland are emerging. The biggest market over there of course London, there is concern about whether or not there is going to be enough product to meet the demand and so on and so forth. So, we think there is – it’s a durable situation. It is worth noting that the compares are going to get tougher towards the end of the year, because if you go to last year as you remember the end of last year, the market was dramatically better than it was at the start of last year. So, we are still working off of relatively weak compares first half of this year, those compares will get stronger of course the back half of the year.
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen, that is our final question. Please continue.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for listening in and we will talk to you again in 90 days.
Operator: And so ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our teleconference call for this evening. Again, thank you very much for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Iaco with Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Steven Iaco: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q4 2013 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website, cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with the prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow.
 Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and ability to successfully integrate businesses we've acquired with our existing operations. These statements should be considered as estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our fourth quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report on Form 10-K, and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q in particular, for any discussion of risk factors and forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, sec.gov, for a full disclosure of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimate that you may hear today.
 We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. 
 Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our CFO.
 Please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Bob. 
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. As you've seen from our press release, CBRE ended 2013 on a high note. Despite lingering economic challenges and an uneven global recovery, we generated double-digit revenue and adjusted earnings growth for the fourth quarter and full year.
 During the quarter, we were especially pleased to see further market share gains in our leasing and sales businesses supported by our investments in recruiting and in our platform. We were also encouraged by continued strong revenue rebound in EMEA and sustained growth within our occupier outsourcing business. All this drove a very strong 22% rise in adjusted earnings per share for the quarter.
 A strong final quarter of growth helped us reach new company milestones, as full year revenue exceeded $7 billion and normalized EBITDA surpassed $1 billion for the first time. Full year 2013 adjusted EPS of $1.43 was in the middle of the annual guidance range we gave last February. These are notable accomplishments that reflect the diligent efforts of our people to work together, leveraging our brand and our global services offering to produce outstanding results for our clients. We're very proud of the value they create for our clients and for our shareholders.
 Please turn to Slide 5. As always, Gil will take you through the performance of our regions and business lines in detail. On Slide 5, I'll briefly touch on some high points for the quarter. For the second consecutive quarter, we produced double-digit growth and strong market share gains in global leasing revenue, with a notably sharp improvement in the Americas where our strategic investments to boost market share are clearly bearing fruit. We achieved robust revenue growth in Global Investment Management, fueled by significant carried interest revenue, which we earn when we sell assets at values that exceed target return thresholds. We saw continued strength in property sales, particularly in oversea markets, including Australia, Brazil, Germany, Japan, The Netherlands and the U.K.
 Modestly higher interest rates following the U.S. Federal Reserve's long anticipated tapering of monetary stimulus have had a negligible impact on investment activity.
 Extending our successful long-term track record, we made further strong revenue gains in our occupier outsourcing business, while signing a record number of contracts with new customers. We also had tremendous success in attracting top professionals to CBRE with a net addition of hundreds of professionals to our brokerage ranks during 2013 through strategic recruiting and in-fill M&A. This was one of our top priorities for 2013 and we believe it resulted in our strongest year of brokerage recruitment in the past decade.
 While these new producers contributions are not immediately reflected in our financial results, they do help us set the table for strong market share growth later in 2014 and beyond. The quarter was not without challenges. These included the continuing weakness of currencies in Asia-Pacific, which tempered our results in this region when translated into U.S. dollars. Also as described last quarter, the pullback in multi-housing lending from the government-sponsored enterprises, or GSEs, continue to have an adverse impact on the profitability and margins of our Americas business.
 Overall, the diversity and strength of our business base enabled us to generate significant top and bottom line growth in the fourth quarter and throughout 2013 while making vitally important investments in our people, our platform and our service offerings.
 Please turn to Slide 6 where you can see the strong revenue growth spread across our business lines for the full year.
 Now please turn to Slide 7. One of the key areas where we put our capital work last year was in strategic M&A. Buying and integrating highly successful firms that are good strategic fit and cultural fit as well is a core competency for CBRE. In 2013, we invested approximately $545 million to acquire 11 companies. By far the largest and most significant of these was Norland Managed Services, which we purchased in late December for approximately $434 million. Norland substantially bolsters our occupier outsourcing business in EMEA by enabling us to self-perform building technical engineering services in this region and giving us market-leading expertise in the rapidly growing critical environments market segment. This is a very well-run $630 million revenue business that has been historically growing at 20% per year and has a loyal blue-chip customer base, with contract renewal rates better than 90%. We are very enthusiastic about our growth prospects with Norland. And in our initial month of working together, we have already identified significant cross-selling opportunities.
 We also made 10 in-fill acquisitions last year, where we added a new capability or fortified an existing strength. For example, we purchased 3 property management companies in Europe and acquired 5 firms in the U.S., including FAMECO, a leading retail specialist in the mid-Atlantic region; and CAC Group, the market leader in brokerage and property management in downtown San Francisco. We also purchased the remaining interest in our Brazil operation. We continue to have an active pipeline of in-fill acquisitions and have already announced 2 such transactions in the first month of 2014: one in the southeastern U.S. and the other in Germany.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Gil who will review our financial results for the quarter. 
Gil Borok: Thank you, Bob. Please advance to Slide 8. The fourth quarter of 2013 was a period of strong revenue growth. Revenue rose 11% or 12% in local currency to more than $2.2 billion. Of this amount, 54% was recurring revenue, reflecting the prominence of fee-based service lines in our business mix. We define recurring revenue as property, facilities and project management fees, asset management fees, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients.
 Cost of services increased to 57.2% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 56.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to higher broker recruitment costs and related expenses somewhat in advance of revenue. As Bob mentioned, we are strategically expanding our ranks of brokerage professionals to drive long-term revenue growth. In addition, we experienced modestly increased commission splits, as more producers achieved higher production levels.
 As always, we continued to manage operating expenses prudently even while investing to support growth. This can be seen in a decrease in operating expenses to 28.6% of revenue from 29.8% in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we benefited from a 36% decline in interest expense. This was the result of refinancing activities earlier in the year, which reduced corporate debt by more than $500 million.
 Depreciation and amortization expense rose by 18% to $53 million, driven by increased capital expenditures in facilities and technology that are further strengthening our competitive position in the marketplace. Amortization of previously capitalized amounts related to GSE mortgage servicing also contributed to this increase. Our normalized tax rate was 31% for the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 32% in last year's fourth quarter. This lower rate was the result of ongoing tax planning efforts and the impact of a U.S. state tax rate reduction. The resulting full year 2013 normalized tax rate was 35%. We expect the full year 2014 normalized tax rate to be about the same.
 Normalized EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2013 grew by 12% over the prior quarter and margin increased by 10 basis points despite significant recruiting and other incremental investments in the business. Carried-interest revenue of $56 million in the fourth quarter was largely offset by a number of other factors, including a decline in Development Services profits, the slowdown in GSE lending, significant and unexpected legal and insurance costs and currency effects. For full year 2013, normalized EBITDA margin also increased 10 basis points to 14.2% despite investments, heavy recruiting and the aforementioned GSE legal, insurance and currency effects. 
 Adjusted earnings per share rose 22% to $0.67 for the fourth quarter of 2013. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share grew 17% to $1.43, consistent with our annual guidance.
 Continuing with our business review, please turn to Slide 9. Bob earlier alluded to the strength during the fourth quarter of our occupier outsourcing business called Global Corporate Services or GCS. This business also achieved a high growth rate for the year with revenue rising 12% globally, paced by a 14% improvement in the Americas. The momentum in this business is being sustained by strong macro forces that are compelling major space occupiers to lower their real estate costs and improve operating efficiencies. CBRE is well placed to assist these occupiers by taking over responsibility for managing their real estate functions.
 In 2013, we signed contracts with a record 96 new occupier outsourcing customers. Our 32 new customer contracts in the fourth quarter was also a single quarter record for CBRE. As we noted briefly on our third quarter conference call, our new contract with JPMorgan Chase for facilities, transaction and project management services is one of our largest outsourcing assignment ever. Also noteworthy are new contract with MedStar Health, the largest health care provider in the greater Washington D.C. area. Health care is a sector, we believe, has considerable headroom for growth. 
 We had a particularly productive year in EMEA with 27 total contracts signed evident that the demand for outsourcing and overseas markets is continuing to build. Globally, we estimate that occupier outsourcing is a $50 billion to $60 billion potential market and believe there is tremendous upside as the current industry penetration is only about 15% to 20%.
 Please turn to Slide 10. We continue to achieve strong growth in the Americas, our largest business segment. Overall revenue increased 9% for the fourth quarter of 2013. Leasing paced our growth in the Americas for the quarter with a 15% revenue gain, reflecting a heightened focus on energizing the growth of this business line. For the full year, Americas leasing revenue rose 10%. This is especially satisfying in light of a sluggish macro environment for leasing, indicating that we continue to build market share.
 Americas sales revenue rose 8% for the quarter versus flat volume for the industry, according to Real Capital Analytics or RCA. We remind you that the fourth quarter presented a tough comparison for us, as well as the entire industry, as tax-related selling led to a 32% revenue rise in last year's fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year, CBRE's Americas sales revenue grew 15% and we captured the #1 spot in RCA's annual investment sales league table for the eighth consecutive year with a 150 basis point increase in market share. Meanwhile, our Americas property, facilities and project management business continues to grow briskly. Revenue in this business rose 9% or 10% in local currency for both the fourth quarter and the full year.
 Please turn to Slide 11. U.S. market fundamentals continue to improve steadily. The last quarter of 2013 saw strong absorption, particularly in office and industrial. This reflects continuing low level of new construction and slow but steady demand. Our economists forecast continued strong absorption this year as demand improves in step with the economy. Average national cap rates have contracted a bit across all property types as capital migrates to commercial real estate from around the globe. However, we do expect CapEx to widen modestly, and we expect to see some investments turn increasingly to secondary markets for yield.
 Please turn to Slide 12. The strong rebound of our EMEA revenue continued in the fourth quarter of 2013 with an increase of 21%. This performance reflects our strategic moves to strengthen and diversify our service offering. We were especially pleased with the growth of our property sales business where revenue improved 49% for the quarter. Property sales in the United Kingdom were robust with growth of 57%, reflecting our strong market position in Central London.
 For full year 2013, EMEA property sales revenue rose 36%, outstripping the increase in overall market activities. CBRE again topped the league tables for property sales activity in the U.K. for 2013 according to Property Data.
 In contrast to the investment market, leasing markets in EMEA are still soft and occupiers remain cautious. Overall, leasing revenue rose 4% for the fourth quarter of 2013, paced by double-digit growth in France and the U.K. For the full year, leasing revenue rose a healthy 8%, a very satisfying outcome, considering that Eurozone leasing volume declined marginally during 2013. This again highlights our success in building market share.
 Finally, EMEA registered a robust growth in property, facilities and project management revenue. For the quarter, revenue in this business line grew 25% with Spain, the Netherlands and the U.K. leading the way. For all of 2013, revenue in this business improved 21%.
 Please turn to Slide 13. Unfavorable currency trends once again masked strong revenue gains in Asia-Pacific in the fourth quarter of 2013. Revenue improved 14% in local currency with contributions from Australia, India and Japan, but only 3% when translated into U.S. dollars. Property sales continue to rebound from a lackluster 2012. During the fourth quarter of 2013, revenue from this business line surged 31% or 46% in local currency as Australia, Hong Kong and Japan experienced robust growth.
 This capped a strong year for property sales contributing to a 39% revenue gain for 2013 or 50% in local currency versus a 24% rise in investment market activity.
 Unlike the investment market, leasing market across the region remained challenged. Leasing revenue edged up modestly for both the quarter and the year in local currency but declined when translated into U.S. dollars. Similarly, in property, facilities and project management, a healthy 9% revenue increase in local currency for the fourth quarter was negated by weak foreign exchange. Asset translation into U.S. dollars revenue in this business line fell 2% during the quarter. For the full year, revenue in local currency rose 11%, reflecting increased adoption of outsourcing among occupiers and investors in the region.
 Please turn to Slide 14. The final quarter of 2013 was exceptionally strong for our Global Investment Management business. Revenue rose 35% to $168 million compared with $124 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Most of this growth was attributable to carried interest, which reflects the incremental revenue we earned as we self-fund assets at values that exceed return thresholds set with our investors. While carried interest does not occur every year, we have earned significant carried interests in half of the years over the past decade, totaling over $300 million during this period. We produced significant carried-interest revenue in the second half of 2013.
 With a very healthy sales environment in 2013, we harvested some assets that might otherwise have been sold in 2014. As a result, we will realize very little carried-interest revenue in 2014.
 For the full year, revenue increased 11% to $539 million resulting in $215 million of normalized EBITDA. Please refer to the appendix for a reconciliation of normalized EBITDA and our accounting treatment for carried interest.
 While Investment Management business continues to perform well overall, in the fourth quarter of 2013, we took a noncash intangible asset impairment charge that relates to decreased values in one part of the European business, that being open-ended funds. These funds have experienced a decline in Assets Under Management or AUM, as the business mix shifts towards separate accounts, consistent with market movements following the extended financial crisis in Europe.
 As investors withdraw capital from these funds, they are often reinvesting them through our growing separate account program. Nevertheless, as a result of project sales and planned liquidation of certain funds, we recorded a $98 million pretax noncash charge against non-amortizable intangible assets. The charge has been normalized. It is important to note that normalized EBITDA from our Investment Management business in Europe has remained at or above the level of the combined CBRE, ING REIM business at the time of the acquisition in 2011, even in light of the extended downturn in Europe. 
 Please turn to Slide 15. We ended 2013 with $89.1 billion of total AUM, up $1.5 billion from the end of the third quarter of 2013. AUM was down $2.9 billion for the year, reflecting our strategy to sell certain core assets and monetize a large U.S. fund. The AUM increase during the fourth quarter of 2013 was achieved even though we sold $2.4 billion of properties during the period. These sales were more than offset by acquisitions of $2.1 billion combined with positive foreign exchange of $900 million and a $900 million net increase in portfolio values. We expect continued AUM growth in 2014. We have significant investment capacity totaling $4 billion following a solid year of capital raising.
 For full year 2013, we raised $5 billion of new equity capital in the direct and fund-to-funds businesses. This does not include approximately $5 million of gross inflows into our global securities business. Fundraising was especially strong in the fourth quarter of 2013 with $2.5 billion of new commitments, and we expect another strong year in 2014. We see significant opportunity to put this capital to work for our investors. Our core investments in this business at the end of the year totaled $170.3 million.
 Please turn to Slide 16. Revenue for the Development Services segment totaled $18.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. This was down from the same period in 2012, primarily because of lower development incentive fees and decreased rental revenue. Normalized EBITDA fell to $21.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2013 due to lower gains on property sales in the current year quarter. EBITDA exceeded revenue because gains from the sale of property and the GAAP accounting flows through the equity income or gain on disposition of real estate lines on our income statement rather than through revenue.
 Full year 2013 revenue and normalized EBITDA decreased to $61.1 million and $43 million, respectively, for the same reasons just mentioned for the quarter. 
 Development projects in process totaled $4.9 billion at year-end 2013, up $700 million from the end of 2012 and down $300 million from the third quarter of 2013. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.5 billion, down $600 million from year-end 2012 and down $100 million from the third quarter of 2013. The shift from pipeline to in-process reflects recovering demand for Development Services as the economy improves. Our equity co-investments in the Development Services business totaled $83.1 million at the end of 2013 while our recourse debt for this business stood at $7.2 million. We believe our Development Services business is well positioned to contribute strong profits over the next several years, assuming the macro environment continues to be favorable.
 Our strong liquidity position at December 31, 2013, can be seen on Slide 17. During 2013, we executed a carefully planned debt refinancing program that further strengthens our balance sheet and provided additional capacity for future investments. These actions included amending our credit agreement to provide for $715 million of new term loans and to establish a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, paying down a $450 million 11.625% senior subordinated notes, which are due in 2017, tapping the capital markets for $800 million of new 10-year 5% fixed rate senior unsecured notes to take advantage of a low interest rate environment and extending maturities well into the future.
 All these moves lowered our average interest rate by 60 basis points to approximately 5% at year-end 2013. With our restructured balance sheet, the annualized interest expense savings is expected to be approximately $50 million. We believe these moves also leave us very well positioned to capitalize on future opportunities.
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we drew down our revolver by approximately $60 million to partially fund the Norland acquisition. At year-end 2013, we had a total of $143 million drawn on the revolver, which has available capacity of $1.2 billion. 
 Please turn to Slide 18. Our total net debt stood at approximately $1.5 billion at year-end 2013. This is essentially flat with year-end 2012, even after investing approximately $545 million on acquisitions this year. Our leverage ratio at year-end 2013 stood at 1.43x on a covenant basis. Total company net debt to normalized EBITDA was 1.49x, a very low level of leverage for us. 
 Now please turn to Slide 19 for Bob's closing remarks. 
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Gil, and thanks also to our 44,000 CBRE professionals around the world. Their focused commitment to our clients and dedication to excellence produced a banner year of growth and market share gains, as well as strong returns for our shareholders in 2013. 
 As the market continues a slow but steady recovery, we look ahead to 2014 with enthusiasm. We have good momentum in most of our businesses, and global market sentiment is generally more positive than it's been for several years. Our outlook is further buoyed by signs of firmer economic growth in the U.S. and Europe's emergence from a long slump. While we remain conscious of continuing challenges, particularly slowing economic growth in Asia-Pacific and recent anxieties over emerging market currencies, we believe 2014 will be another year of solid growth for CBRE.
 Our property sales business is expected to grow at a double-digit pace, benefiting from a continued influx of capital in the real estate and particularly an expansion of activity in the secondary markets.
 Interest rates remain attractive, and the market has already priced in modestly higher rates as the U.S. Federal Reserve continues to gradually withdraw monetary stimulus.
 Our occupier outsourcing business is poised for continued double-digit growth before taking into account the Norland's acquisition, as the appetite for outsourcing reaches into new corners of the economy. Vertical markets like health care and the public sector and specialty niches like critical environments, as well as oversea markets, present fertile growth -- fertile ground for growth. The addition of Norland will expand and accelerate these activities in Europe.
 Over the past few quarters, our leasing business has demonstrated an ability to grow without much help from the macro environment. In 2014, we look to benefit from some market lift as we further advance our strategic plan to increase market share, and we expect mid-to high single-digit growth in this business.
 For GSE loan origination activity, our current assumption is that volumes will be similar to 2013, although the regulatory limits, if any, for this year have yet to be announced.
 Please turn to Slide 20. Looking at our business overall, we expect our real estate services business globally to produce double-digit normalized EBITDA growth, even before contributions from Norland. Our combined principal businesses, Global Investment Management and Development Services, will likely perform in line with 2013, excluding carried interest.
 We started 2013 with an expectation of approximately $55 million of carried interest for the year and $40 million of carried interest for 2014. Approximately $30 million of the latter $40 million was actually realized in 2013. Consequently, we expect relatively little carried interest for this year.
 Finally, the benefit of lower interest expense will be largely offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Even with relatively little carried interest and continued investments in growth, particularly in brokerage recruiting, we expect to achieve earnings per share as adjusted in the range of $1.55 to $1.60 for 2014, implying a growth rate of 10% at the midpoint of this range.
 We have not historically commented on the percentage distribution of our earnings by quarter. However, it has been quite consistent over the last 4 years, with an average of 15% in the first quarter, 23% in the second and third quarters and 39% in the fourth quarter. We expect 2014 to be similar, except that the shallow margin in Q1 may be disproportionately impacted by recruiting-related expenses. And the pullback in GSE lending, which did not occur until the third quarter of 2013, will impact the first and second quarters compare. Thus, we estimate that our earnings distribution in 2014 will be weighted slightly to the second half of the year relative to recent years. Quarter-to-quarter fluctuations should not be considered an indication of performance for the year.
 With that, operator, we'll take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First we'll go to the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: I guess first question, is Norland -- just to clarify, is Norland in your guidance, though? 
Gil Borok: It is, Anthony. It's Gil. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So then kind of double-digit EBITDA growth before Norland -- so you did about $1 billion on the nose in 2013. So if I just say 10%, that's $1.1 billion and then Norland's is $600 million, $700 million at a kind of margin that you typically see on your outsourcing business. Is that -- I mean, is it fair to say that we're talking 15%-plus overall EBITDA growth in 2014? 
Gil Borok: Anthony, sorry for the -- if it was confusing but what the statement said was that we would have 10%-plus double-digit growth in our service business before Norland. Service business, not the total business. And then Norland would be incremental. So it was not a commentary on the entire company but on the service business. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay, got it. Sorry about that. 
Gil Borok: No, that's okay. 
Anthony Paolone: Is there a way to quantify just the impact on your earnings for 2014 from all the acquisition activity you've been doing, including Norland? 
Gil Borok: That way I would answer that is we don't typically and won't comment on in-fill contributions. We view that combined with organic. So we've not traditionally done that because we look at growth through in-fills and organic. But on Norland, we have commented before in terms of the contribution that it was about a $600 million, $700 million revenue base, and it would be -- have margins consistent with our FM, our facilities management business, which is our stickiest revenue business but also a lower margin business, where it's in that 7% range. So you can do the math from there. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then I was a little bit surprised by the leasing outlook. I guess, what's the drag on that business? Because it seemed like the last couple of quarters that growth has bumped up a little bit. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Well, Anthony, this is Bob. We actually are expecting to see good growth in leasing next year. Not as healthy as the growth we're going to see in investment properties but very good growth in leasing, and we think it will be in the mid to high single digits. 
Anthony Paolone: But what -- it seems to be coming down a little bit from maybe the last couple of quarters -- this last couple of quarters. Is there a bit of a bounce? Or... 
Robert Sulentic: We had pretty extraordinary performance in leasing the last couple of quarters. We took a lot of market share. We'd love to see that happen again next year. Our plan doesn't assume that it will be that aggressive. But if you look at our leasing performance in 2013 versus the market, it was pretty exceptional. We're expecting next year to get a little lift from the market and to take a little market share, but we're not planning that the amount of market share we'll take will be as extreme as it was this year. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And just last question on Investment Management. It seems like you're expecting flattish there x the carry. But yes, you talked about pretty good inflows it seems and raising new capital, and also kind of ties with your optimism on investment sales where you talked about a lot of money being moved into real estate. So I'm just wondering why that's not perhaps up. 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Well, there are a number of things that go into the EBITDA that you generate in that business. One of them is the placement of new capital and the fees associated with that. But keep in mind, the in-place amount of AUM in that business is down from where it was a year ago. So the fees associated with that in-place base are going to be down a little bit, and we're going to build that base up over the course of the year. So that's essentially what we're reflecting there. 
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. 
Brandon Dobell: I think, Bob, you mentioned a little bit about concentration of some of the transaction businesses within, I guess, the higher compensated brokers, broadly across the transaction business in particular. How do I think about your ability to kind of manage compensation especially as you keep going on recruiting? Should we expect pressure on that kind of average comp to revenue ratio? Or is there other things going on there? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. It's a great question, and there's a couple of things going on in that cost of services that you saw go up related to the brokerage business. One is we did have a very big year in recruiting last year, and the costs related to that recruiting hits the cost of services on our brokerage business. So that was one of the pieces. The other thing that went on last year was that the gateway markets around the world, where the markets where we saw really pronounced activity in investment sales but also in leasing, those markets are typically characterized by very high-powered brokers. And I'm talking about markets here in the U.S. like New York, Chicago, L.A., Houston, but also international markets like London, which is obviously a very, very prominent market. Tokyo, where we have a very -- actually a disproportionate share of our Asia-Pacific business, and then in markets like Sydney and Melbourne in Australia. The big brokers, the senior brokers dominated in those markets the last couple of years. That certainly was the case for us. It had a bit of an upward impact on our cost of services along with the recruiting. We don't think that's going to accelerate particularly next year but we don't expect to see any relief in that regard either 
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And as a follow-on, should we expect kind of the hundreds of additional headcount this year through organic and acquired, I guess, growth? And it feels like it mostly showed up in the U.S. in the transaction businesses, should we assume that your recruiting efforts are mostly U.S. focused with the same kind of magnitude as we saw in '13? 
Robert Sulentic: I don't know that we'll have the same degree of new recruits in '14 as we had in '13. It's certainly a high priority. We really ended up with an unusual amount of success, and it wasn't just the U.S. We really had a lot of success in EMEA and in the United States. It was spread between both of them. By the way, you'll see that start to come into our numbers in the second half of '14 because as you know, when brokers transition in, the first part of their tenure with you, a lot of those revenues are owed to the company they came from. You'll see a good year for us in brokerage recruiting this year. I don't know that it will be as hefty as last year. By the way, as we said in our prepared remarks last year, we don't have great records if you get back 6 or 7 or 8 years, but we are fairly confident that was a, by a nice margin, our biggest year in a decade. So we don't have to repeat what we did last year to have a very good year. 
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And within the mortgage origination business, it sounds like you're assuming roughly flat total origination kind of quotas for the agencies? I guess, a 2-part question: one, given what happened in the back half of the year, have you done anything to change the cost structure, rightsize the cost structure? And then relative to the full year, should we expect it to look a little bit more normal in terms of the pacing of origination volumes in the agencies? Or is there something else going on that's going to shift it maybe away from Q3 this year and more into Q1, Q2, given how the quotas could work? 
Gil Borok: Brandon, it's Gil. In terms of the cost structure, other than our normal prudent cost management, we haven't taken any other actions. And the reason is because most of the impact, which, of course, is caused by a reduction in the GSE lending, is an accounting anomaly, right? Most of the results of the upfront recognition of the asset and related gain, that slows as production flows. So it's more that than, for example, servicing fees or loan origination fees, which are healthy. So to answer that question, the answer is no and, again, reiterating that it's an accounting impact, that's more of the impact than anything else. And then with regard to the pacing, just to be clear, obviously, if it stays flat and we don't have, as Bob said in his remarks, we don't know exactly what's going to happen. So our working assumption is flat in -- for the full year '14 versus the full year '13.  But if that is the case, the impacts will be slow. So Q1 and Q2 of '13 will be higher than Q1, Q2 of '14, and then it'll be more in line in the back half of the year because the reduction came in Q3 '13. 
Brandon Dobell: Right. Okay. And then final small one. With all the carried interest pulled forward from '14 to '13, still safe to assume that in the back half of the year, the kind of $10 million may show up, given kind of how you characterize the '13 versus '14 dynamics? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. We think that could show up this year. But a big, big, diminution from last year because that $30 million pull-forward was very real. 
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. 
Mitch Germain: Just curious on -- I think, Bob, you mentioned deal flow in the pipeline. Are you skewed toward any specific region or capability? 
Robert Sulentic: Mitch, what product line are you talking about? 
Mitch Germain: I think you just mentioned just kind of the acquisition pipeline in general. I mean, obviously, you made like a retail investment, you've done health care, obviously Norland and some of the other deals in Europe. Is there anything specific that you're looking to strengthen as you look through the process? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. With regard to acquisitions, we come at that in 2 ways. We have a very well-developed now corporate development capability, people that are trained to do acquisitions, underwrite acquisitions, negotiate acquisitions. And that capability is more significant than we've ever had – or certainly than we've had in many years. In addition to that, we have our businesses around the world, our local business units trained to seek out and underwrite acquisitions and kind of do the front-end part of that, all regions of the world. So we come at that from both directions. So what we expect is, on a regular basis, for opportunities to bubble up from around the world from our geographies. We've seen a lot of that bubbling up in the U.S. and in EMEA in the last year or so. In Asia-Pacific, what we've seen is opportunities with our network of affiliates that we already know very well and have thoroughly underwritten just through our work with them. We don't expect that trend to change much in 2014. We expect to see similar things. We expect to see a good number of opportunities. One thing that has been added to the mix in the last year is our Global Corporate Services business or our occupier outsourcing business has gotten to a scale where we're seeing opportunities directly through it. And you saw KLMK last year; obviously, Norland last year. We are continuing to see those kind of opportunity. So I think that will be spread among those areas again this year, kind of as it was last year. And we're seeing good opportunities in terms of being financially accretive and good opportunities in terms of being a solid, strategic fit. There's a second kind of broadly defined acquisition we do, that everybody that follows us is very familiar with, and that's the big strategic acquisitions. And there's been a handful of them in the last 12 or 13 years. There was Insignia, there was Trammell Crow Company, there was ING. And then last year, there was Norland. Those tend to come along every few years. You can never be sure exactly where they will come from. We expect they will still come along every few years, and we have our eyes out for those. But those things don't happen every year or every other year typically. 
Mitch Germain: Right. Appreciate that. And any specific projects in terms of capital investment for the year or kind of along the lines of what we've seen in capital spend over the last couple of years, Gil? 
Gil Borok: Yes. It's along the same lines. We will -- our spend is in 2 areas: technology and facilities. And that's exactly what we're expecting. We may see a bit of a shift as we move -- as industry moves more towards software-as-a-service and so forth. We may see some shift from CapEx, I think, it's depreciated to P&L more front-end loaded that it's not material, but we do see a bit of a trend shift in that regard. But the categories are facilities and IT. 
Operator: And the last question will come from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. So I'm just trying to get an impact on EPS or EBITDA from the carried interest in 2013 so we can have a gauge of the headwind that you'd face in 2014? 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. In 2013, we had planned to generate carried interest in the $75 million to $80 million range. The carried interest we actually experienced... 
Gil Borok: It was $55 million. 
Robert Sulentic: For the whole year? 
Gil Borok: Yes. 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Oh, I'm sorry, I gave you the amount we did. We expect it to generate around $55 million for the whole year, we ended up generating around $85 million. I went on it backwards. So we ended up generating about $30 million more than we expected during the year. That was dollar for dollar pulled forward from 2014. So what would have otherwise -- so you might say our profitability was bolstered in 2013 by that amount and diminished in 2014 by that amount. Now there's another thing that's really important to note, you'll say, "Well, where did that show up in our earnings in 2013?" Our earnings played out for the year very much as we expected, very much as we expected. As you know, we gave you a range of $1.40 to $1.45 and we ended up $1.43. What offset that incremental $30 million of carried that we experienced in 2013 was $43 million of the following, and these are very exact numbers because they came on us in a very real way: number one, we had legal and insurance costs, mostly loaded in the fourth quarter; and number two, we had this decline in OMSRs, which went straight to the bottom line on EBITDA, which added up between them to be $43 million more than we experienced in those items. We have a $43 million detrimental impact on our EBITDA line versus a year earlier. By the way, all of that lost EBITDA was in our services business and all of the gained EBITDA from carry was obviously in our principal businesses. So you can look at that and very directly see the impact that it had on last year's earnings and how we should expect that to play out in terms of an impact on this year's earnings. 
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. So the $85 million in actual carried interest in 2013, that goes against your expectations of plus minus $10 million for 2014? 
Robert Sulentic: Roughly. 
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. And then since you still have, I guess, 2 quarters ahead of you before you anniversary the GSE issues, is that -- how much of a drag would that be in the first half? 
Robert Sulentic: We expect that to be roughly flat year-over-year. 
David Ridley-Lane: Flat in terms of volumes? Or flat in terms of profitability? 
Gil Borok: Yes. I understand the question you're asking. You're asking what would be the negative impact in the first half. We're not going to comment on that specifically publicly, but you can assume that there's not a back-end loading necessarily of the OMSR gains the way there would be, let's say, in our brokerage business. So it's not quite ratable, but it's more ratable than the brokerage business. So you would have in essence potentially inverse effect in Q1 and Q2. But again, I caution, David, that we just don't know the guidance for '14. And so we're no better off than you are in terms of trying to predict this because we just -- we've got a working assumption. 
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then I know you have a negative mix impact on margins from Norland, but on an underlying EBITDA margin basis, would you expect to be up on your EBITDA margin x Norland in 2014? 
Robert Sulentic: X Norland and x our principal businesses, David. So take them out of the mix and look at the rest of our services businesses globally, we expect those margins to expand slightly. 
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: I just want to follow up on that because I got a little confused. I want to make sure I'm getting this right. On the carried interest, I guess, $86.2 million in 2013 and that's what goes to $10 million in 2014? And I guess -- am I getting that right? 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. 
Gil Borok: Yes. 
Anthony Paolone: And then -- is there a way to give a sense, though, like in 2013 just to kind of understand some of the margin stuff in the P&L. Of that $86.2 million, how much was like up in revenue versus coming in through equity and earnings? 
Gil Borok: No, it's all in revenue, Anthony. That doesn't come through equity or earnings. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then -- but then what about the development gains and the gains that come through equity and earnings, do you have a total for 2013 for that number as well? 
Gil Borok: The way I would approach this, I would -- and you're right, that does come through equity, earnings and gains, the gain line in the P&L. More or less what drives the year-over-year difference is the gains that would come below the revenue line. What's in revenue is more recurring development service fees. I mean, there are some incentive fees. But materially, just look at the year-over-year diminution, and that will more or less give you directionally what the reduced gains are in '13 versus '12. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. I mean, is there a way to kind of protract that out to '14? Like, I guess, what I'm getting at is there -- on the development side of the gain business, is there anything we have to think about in terms of resetting the baseline for '14? 
Gil Borok: Well, yes, what we said, Anthony, was that if you exclude carried interest, you have the earnings for the Investment Management business for the full year '13. You have the earnings for the development business for full year '13. And we've said relatively flat for those 2 businesses. I don't want to get into one or the other. But if you're modeling the 2 principal businesses, we'll be relatively flat x the impact of carried interest, which we've talked about $86 million and $10 million. 
Operator: And no one's in queue with a question. Any closing remarks, gentlemen? 
Robert Sulentic: No. Thank you very much for being on our call, and we'll talk to you again in 3 months. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert E. Sulentic - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Acquisition Committee and Member of Executive Committee Gil Borok - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael J. Strong - President of EMEA
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Nick Kormeluk in Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q3 financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report filed on Form 10-K, and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular, any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Strong, our EMEA Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Nick. Please turn to Slide 4. The third quarter was another period of strong growth for CBRE. Before we review this quarter in detail, I'd like take you back to our Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call in July. As we looked ahead to the rest of 2013, we said we expected that property sales would remain strong despite modestly higher interest rates and anxieties over the U.S. Federal Reserve's policies. Occupier outsourcing would sustain steady low-double-digit growth rates. Leasing would gain momentum as a result of our increased focus and slowly improving market fundamentals. Investment Management would benefit from significant carried interest revenue, much of which was anticipated in our initial expectation for 2013. EBITDA margin would expand by around 50 basis points in the full year driven by increased contributions from Investment Management as well as the normal increase in transaction activity during second half of the year. The third quarter overall played out much as we expected. Our performance relative to our 3 primary financial metrics: revenue, normalized EBITDA and earnings per share was consistent with our plan. Importantly, we achieved solid top and bottom line growth while continuing to make very important strategic investments as previously announced in people and technology. These investments are strengthening our abilities for our professionals and serve our clients while positioning us for future success. Gil will provide more details on these efforts. Our growth in this quarter came amid highly variable global market conditions caused by a soft economic recovery and ongoing U.S. fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty underlined by the extreme policy discord in Washington, D.C. in recent weeks. Despite all of this, there were many areas of significant strength along with a few weak spots which added up to healthy growth for the quarter. In fact, in a market like this, we benefit significantly from our well-balanced business and lean position we hold across business lines and markets around the world. Regionally, our growth was paced by very strong performance in EMEA. Mike Strong will join us shortly to discuss how we have strengthened this business and how we are benefiting from the beginning of an economic recovery in Europe. We also achieved a number -- another strong quarter of double-digit revenue growth in the Americas, our largest business segment. Looking at Asia-Pacific, in U.S. dollar terms, revenue rose only 1%, however, this result was impacted materially by weaker foreign currencies, notably the Australian dollar, the rupee and the yen. In local currencies, Asia-Pacific revenue grew solidly rising 13% when compared to a year earlier. Please turn to Slide 5. You can see that we experienced strong growth in most service lines. Property sales again set the base for growth. Globally, revenue from this business line rose 29% led by resurgent activity in the EMEA, while Asia-Pacific and the Americas also produced double-digit growth. Global Leasing revenue grew by 11%, our best performance in 8 quarters. Notably, we saw a 12% increase in the Americas, reflecting our ability to take market share. As you know, we've been focused on growing this business line and we are especially pleased with the result this quarter. Demand for occupier outsourcing services also remains strong. This business, called Global Corporate Services or GCS, signed 54 total contracts during the quarter, including 20 with new clients. Globally, GCS revenue was 14%. This led to 9% improvement overall in our property facilities and project management revenue line. Appraisal & Valuation revenue rose 7% led by EMEA. Our results in the third quarter were further bolstered by our Global Investment Management business. As we noted last quarter, we have been capitalizing on the favorable property sales environment to harvest gains in our Investment Management portfolio. As a result, we realized outsized carried interest revenue during the quarter, reflecting incremental revenue for exceeding performance hurdles and leading to an 11% revenue increase. Since we have already recognized all of the compensation expense associated with this revenue under GAAP accounting rules, we also saw an outsized impact on the bottom line with normalized EBITDA rising approximately 52% from a year ago. Generating carried interest revenue is integral to our strategy of having a highly diversified business mix and to achieving success for the investors and the funds we manage. Gil will discuss this in more detail shortly. One business line that was a cause of concern in the quarter was U.S. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage. Revenue dropped meaningfully, which caused downward pressure on the results in the quarter. This business line felt the effects of the government-sponsored enterprises' or GSEs' efforts to scale back their lending activity as mandated by the regulators. This acutely affected the profits associated with mortgage servicing work we performed for these entities. Gil will take you through the bottom line impact of this situation. As our third quarter results demonstrate, CBRE continues to perform for our clients and their shareholders. This is a tribute to our people who are collaborating effectively and leveraging our brand, product offerings and geographic footprint to create solutions for our clients and capture opportunity for CBRE. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gil for our financial review.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Bob. Please advance to Slide 6. Revenue totaled approximately $1.73 billion, up 11% from the third quarter of 2012. Recurring revenue comprise approximately 62% of total revenue for the third quarter of 2013, consistent with the third quarter of 2012. This included Leasing commissions from existing clients, property facilities and project management fees, asset management fees and loan servicing fees, which are all largely recurring. Cost of services totaled 59.5% of revenue in the third quarter of 2013 versus 58.8% in the third quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher-producing professionals in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific. In addition, the higher recruitment costs associated with the client-facing professionals increased this ratio. We continue to manage operating expenses prudently while making necessary strategic investments in our company. During the quarter, we added senior executive leaders in marketing, IT and research, increased our sales management depth and added marketing support for our brokers and other professionals. We also continued our escalated efforts which is [ph] several strategic IT initiatives. The majority of these investments were in the Americas given the size of that business. Even with these investments, global operating expenses totaled 28.6% of revenue compared to 31% of revenue in the third quarter of 2012. The prior year quarter included $24.8 million of acquisition-related and cost-containment expenses. Excluding these costs for the third quarter of 2012, operating expenses still declined 80 basis points for the current quarter. In the third quarter of 2013, we benefited from a 36% decline in interest expense. This was the result of the refinancing activities we completed earlier this year, particularly the early redemption of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes in June. With our restructured balance sheet, the annualized interest expense savings is expected to be approximately $50 million. Depreciation and amortization expense rose by approximately $7.4 million to $47.5 million, driven by increased capital expenditures in facilities and technology that are further strengthening CBRE's competitive position in the marketplace. Amortization of previously capitalized amounts related to GSE mortgage servicing also contributed to this increase. Our tax rate was 37% for the third quarter of 2013 versus 31% in last year's third quarter. The third quarter of 2012 benefited significantly from a favorable discrete item. In addition, there was a shift in earnings to higher tax jurisdictions in the third quarter of 2013. As we have previously noted, we continue to work hard to improve the tax efficiency of our legal entities and operating structure. Given these efforts, we expect the full year 2013 tax rates to be approximately 35% or slightly higher. Normalized EBITDA grew by 15% over the prior year quarter. This resulted in a 13% normalized EBITDA margin for the quarter, a 50 basis-point expansion over the third quarter of 2012. Adjusted earnings per share also rose 15% to $0.30, while GAAP earnings per share more than doubled to $0.28 due to higher selected charges in last year's third quarter related to the ING REIM acquisition, cost containment expenses and a write-down of a trade name that is no longer in use. The increase in adjusted earnings per share was muted primarily as a result of the impact of the elevated tax rate. Please turn to Slide 7. Strong growth was evident in much of our Americas operations in the third quarter of 2013. Overall revenue grew 11%, marking our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in this, our largest business segment. Sales revenue rose 26%. This robust growth came amid concerns about how the rise in interest rates and, more generally, speculation about when the U.S. Federal Reserve will begin to curtail its bucket [ph] bond purchases would affect property investment. Clearly, the affect in the third quarter was negligible. Leasing revenue growth of 12% was a very satisfying performance. Leasing markets generally remained sluggish with weak demand and rent growth. We estimate that gross office leasing activities declined during the third quarter of 2013. That CBRE would achieve double-digit revenue growth in such an environment, is evidence of our continued success in taking market share. Property facilities and project management overall continued to show steady growth of 9%. GCS, our occupier outsourcing business grew revenue by 18% in the Americas during the third quarter of 2013, reflecting occupier's growing appetite for outsourcing their real estate management functions. We also completed an acquisition in the Americas in the third quarter of 2013. FAMECO, a specialty retail firm serving parts of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware, gives us a market-leading presence in retail real estate services in those areas. I now want elaborate further on the 10% revenue decline in U.S. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage. When the GSEs were required to curb their lending during the quarter, we saw life insurance companies and others quickly fill the void for multifamily financing. Indeed, our loan origination volume was up strongly from virtually all major debt sources except the GSEs. Overall, our U.S. loan originations rose 16%. However, where our mortgage business was especially impacted was in the origination and servicing work we do for the GSEs. We are a large originator of GSE multifamily loans in the U.S. While this is a relatively small business for us, it has a disproportionately large impact on our income statement due to GAAP accounting requirements. The profit associated with servicing work for the GSEs is recognized upfront as loans are originated and the related assets are amortized over the life of the servicing contracts. The unexpected decline in GSE originations drove our third quarter year-over-year decrease in earnings of approximately $15 million. Excluding the impact of upfront GSE servicing profits in both the third quarter of 2013 and the third quarter of 2012, the Americas normalized EBITDA margin would have improved modestly. Please turn to Slide 8. Our quarterly market statistics also highlight the fact that CBRE's strong performance is coming against the backdrop of slowly improving fundamentals. As you can see, the U.S. market recovery continues to progress with a steady fall in vacancy rates and generally positive absorption. CBRE economists expect this trend to continue over the next 24 months. Average national cap rates are largely stable compared with a year ago, although they came down a bit for office properties over the past 3 months. Year-over-year volumes continue to improve in all 3 properties sectors, most notably in office. Please turn to Slide 9. An overall revenue increase of 1%, understates the strength of CBRE's growth in Asia-Pacific during the third quarter of 2013. While slowing economic activity in much of the region has not been helpful, CBRE nevertheless improved revenue 13% in local currencies with several countries showing growth, particularly Australia, India and Japan. Investment markets in the region continue to recover from a soft 2012. CBRE's property sales business performed roughly in step with that improvement, with revenue rising 15% or 30% in local currencies. Japan was once again the biggest growth catalyst as the country's improving economic fortunes continue to grow more foreign and domestic capital to its real estate markets. A Leasing decline of 3% in the U.S., in U.S. dollar terms, masks underlying improvement in Leasing performance during the quarter. In local currencies, the leasing revenue was up 6%, a very good result considering that Leasing market across the region remains subdued. Greater China and India paced the performance. Like Leasing, underlying strength in Property, facilities and project management was offset by negative foreign exchange, which translated a healthy 10% revenue gain in local currencies into flat growth in U.S. dollar terms. While the region exhibited good top line growth in local currency, EBITDA was impacted by continued investment in the platform, including headcount additions in certain markets to drive future growth, a concentration of property sales commissions among higher-producing professionals and foreign currency movements. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike who will discuss our EMEA business.
Michael J. Strong: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 10. As Bob mentioned, the third quarter was strong for CBRE in EMEA, with revenues up 25% on the same period in 2012. Unlike Asia-Pacific, there was no material impact from foreign currency. This improved performance is also reflected in a 146% increase in normalized EBITDA during the period. The quarter builds on a strong overall performance for the region this year. Through the first 9 months of 2013, revenues were up $110 million or 16% compared to this point in 2012, and with an impressive level of EBITDA growth. Please turn to Slide 11. Our growth in EMEA in Q3 was broad-based. Every one of the major business lines recorded double-digit revenue increases. Our biggest advance was seen in property sales, where we achieved a 50% increase year-on-year with notable performances in several countries, but particularly in Germany and the U.K. Our sales revenue growth exceeded the market which delivered a 21% increase overall in sales volume for the quarter. Leasing revenue growth of 20% was equally impressive, especially given the leasing markets have yet to respond to improved sentiment with overall market activity down year-on-year. France, the Netherlands and the U.K., led our growth in Q3. We also saw positive upside in our outsourcing businesses, property, facilities and property management revenue rose 19% on the back, capturing more opportunities from both occupier and invested clients. Please turn to Slide 12. Our strategy over the past few years has been to diversify our offering, to first, to provide our clients with a comprehensive set of services that can meet all of their needs and secondly, to reduce the impact of market cycles in our business. As recently as 2007, we were far more dependent on our transactional-based service lines, but these businesses now account for 50% of the total EMEA revenues, having reduced from 67% in 2007. With market activity increasing, all business lines are growing, and we continue to increase market shares. Please turn to Slide 13. We have a 3-pronged strategy for sustaining our growth across EMEA. The first is to get our core traditional business lines through market share gains. Our market analysis reveals that there is significant headroom to continue building market share in every line of business and geographical market in which we operate, and our senior management teams have been challenged to grow the organization organically right across the business. The next is to acquire best in class firms to further develop our geographic and service line footprints and to help build scale. For example, prominent openings remain in the Property Management sector, which we have been actively filling through M&A, something I will touch on later. Finally, we have the opportunity to expand new and high-margin service lines such as a real estate finance, where we see a particular opportunity in debt and equity finance and loan servicing. That is in addition to our fast-growing prime residential business in London. Please turn to Slide 14. Looking in more depth to some of our core service lines. One of the highlights for Q3 was, without doubt, the share gains achieved by our transactional businesses. The third quarter of 2013 was the European investment markets' strongest third quarter since 2007. With higher activity levels from both local and international capital sources. Our international market coverage and footprint is particularly well-suited to today's more global capital markets and we continue to achieve significant transaction wins across the region. You can see on the slide 3 examples of large investment transactions we completed in the United Kingdom, France and Germany, during Q3. Once again, we also achieved the #1 market position in investment sales in the U.K. during the quarter. We expect capital markets activity to remain strong due to returning investment -- investor confidence, more debt availability, and the fact that the institutional additional funds are increasing the amount of capital they apportion to real estate. Please turn to Slide 15. As just noted, we also successfully grew the Leasing revenues by 20% year-on-year in Q3 largely through market share gains. This growth was achieved despite the continued weakness in the overall leasing market. We do expect that the market will grow and will resume its growth as we move into 2014 on the back of an improving economic environment. In more detail -- in more developed markets such as London and Paris, we have further expanded our market leadership position. In Q3, 2013, we again achieved the highest market share in the London leasing market. The 2 large deals shown on the slide are indicative of the type of prominent leasing transactions we are currently completing in Paris and in London. We are also focused on improving our market position in developing markets, such as Warsaw where we have just taken market leadership. Please turn to Slide 16. Here, you can see some of our EMEA and global wins in the GCS business. In EMEA, corporate outsourcing is in its infancy. European-based companies are increasingly recognizing the benefits of relying on outside service providers to manage their real estate. CBRE is well-positioned to capitalize on this trend. Our global corporate services business is a premier global platform with a growing pool of professional expertise in EMEA. Our client roster is also growing. This year, we have brought 8 new clients on board, our client satisfaction scores are up and we are recruiting to strengthen teams and grow the service line across the region. As a result, we have also expanded or renewed our contracts with 9 existing customers. Please turn to Slide 17. Asset services sustained large-scale changes over recent years with our talent pools and on-site expertise increasing dramatically through a combination of multiple acquisitions and organic expansion. Acquisitions we have completed this year include firms in the Czech Republic, Belgium and Sweden. This area of our business has gathered real momentum with our latest win being a premier London property, 30 St. Mary Axe, better known as The Gherkin. Our footprint in the shopping center sector also goes from strength-to-strength with CBRE now managing 198 centers across EMEA. Two recent and significant new mandates are shown here in Sicily and in Bucharest. We are now the largest independent manager of shopping centers in the EMEA region. In closing, we are optimistic about the future prospects for this business line as we are for our entire portfolio of services in EMEA. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Gil.
Gil Borok: Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide 18. Global Investment Management revenue rose 11% in the third quarter of 2013 to $127.3 million from $114.3 million in the third quarter of 2012. All of the growth was attributable to a carried interest which reflects CBRE's incremental revenue earned as portfolios are liquidated at values that exceed return thresholds. Asset management fees and rental revenue from consolidated real estate assets were lower largely because we have been selling assets in the portfolio and because of the internalization of management of a non-traded REIT. Our fees associated with those REITs ended in the second quarter of 2013. Under U.S. GAAP accounting, we have already expensed the compensation cost for our fund employees associated with carried interest revenue. As a consequence, the carried interest revenue we generated had an outsized positive impact on EBITDA during the third quarter of 2013. This impact was partly offset by the previously mentioned lowered asset management fees and rental revenue due to the asset sales and the REIT internationalization. Carried interest is integral to our Investment Management business and is a byproduct of the success of our investment programs. As you can see, we have earned carried interest in more than half of the year since 2005. However, carried interest is not realized in regular intervals as the timing is dictated by the macro market environment and fund life cycles. These 2 factors are now conspiring positively to produce significant carried interest revenue, approximately $30 million in the third quarter of 2013. We expect similarly sizable carried interest revenue in the fourth quarter of 2013, some of which might have been spread over future years, but for the strong current market environment. As a result, carried interest revenue will diminish significantly in 2014, reducing year-over-year EBITDA comparisons in this business. Our EBITDA reconciliation table for the Investment Management business is on Slide 19. As of September 30, 2013, we maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $42 million, $36 million of which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. For the third quarter of 2013, we recognized a net carried interest incentive compensation expense reversal of $2.3 million. In the third quarter -- in the second quarter of 2013, we started to normalize carried interest competition expense for new funds where the related carried interest revenue has yet to be recognized. During this quarter and 9 months ended September 30, 2013, we normalized $800,000 and $3.5 million, respectively. We will continue this practice for new funds going forward. However, there were $3.1 million of carried interest compensation expense reversal in the quarter that we did not normalize because it pertained to an existing front [ph] for which carried interest competition expense have been previously recorded. Please turn to Slide 20. Global Investment Management Assets Under Management or AUM totaled $87.6 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2013, a decrease of $4.4 billion from year-end 2012. Included in the current AUM is $22 billion of listed securities. The decrease from year-end 2012 was primarily driven by the aforementioned property sales. Property dispositions totaled $7.4 billion due to first 9 months of 2013. This was partly offset by acquisitions of $3 billion and positive foreign currency effects of $500 million. The value of the investment portfolios, including net outflows in the securities business, decreased by $500 million. Year-to-date 2013, we have raised new equity capital of approximately $2.5 billion in the direct real estate business and had approximately $3.2 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investment in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $183.1 million. Please turn to Slide 21. Revenue for the Development Services segment totaled $12.6 million in the third quarter of 2013 versus $17.8 million in third quarter of 2012. The lower amount resulted from property dispositions which reduced rental revenue. However, normalized EBIT improved to $6 million due to higher earnings from property sales, primarily reflected in equity earnings. Development project and process totaled $5.2 billion, up $500 million from the second quarter and $1 billion from year-end 2012. This is the highest level of combined activity since the fourth quarter of 2008, reflecting gradually improving fundamentals. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.6 billion, down $100 million from the second quarter of 2013 and $500 million from year-end 2012. Our equity core investments at the end of the third quarter of 2013 in the Development Services business totaled $80.8 million and our recourse debt stood at $17 million. Please turn to Slide 22, which shows our liquidity position at September 30, 2013, as well as our amortization and debt maturities scheduled for all outstanding corporate debt. Our March 2013 refinancing transactions included amending our credit agreement to provide for $715 million of the term loans and to establish a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. We also sold $800 million of new 10-year 5% fixed rate senior unsecured notes. In June 2013, we paid down our $450 million, 11.625% senior subordinated notes, which was due in 2017. We can see here the benefit of these actions. We have extended maturities far into the future with little debt coming due for 3 years. We also reduced total corporate debt by about $500 million. We believe that these actions leave us well-positioned to make strategic investments, to drive further growth, with increased financial flexibility, to be opportunistic and continue navigating an uncertain recovery. Please turn to Slide 23. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use, and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the third quarter of 2013 was approximately $1.5 billion. Net debt is down $309 million from the third quarter of 2012. At the end of the third quarter of 2013, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5%. This is about 60 basis points down from year-end 2012. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis as of the end of the third quarter of 2013 stood at 1.46x on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA stood at 1.5x. This is a marked improvement from 2.1x at the end of the third quarter of 2012. I will now turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 24. All in all, we are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter and through the first 9 months of the year. Like in everyone in business, we would like to see a more robust global economic expansion and our policymakers in Washington, D.C. finally unite around a pro-growth agenda. Nevertheless, CBRE remains well-positioned to continue driving strong revenue growth in the sector's best margins while making major strategic investments in people and technology, 2 critical components of our long-term success plan, as well as in continued in-fill M&A. We expect the revenue improvement we achieved in the third quarter to continue through year-end. Property sales activity should continue to be healthy. Global capital flows into real estate remain strong and, increasingly, investors are expanding their horizon into secondary markets and secondary assets in search of yield. This is very good for us given the breadth of our market coverage. Steady double-digit growth should sustain in our occupier outsourcing business where we see a robust pipeline of corporate and healthcare space users turning over their real estate work to outside service providers. Reflecting this, last week, we signed one of our largest ever outsourcing engagements with JPMorgan Chase. CBRE will provide the bank with facilities, management and brokerage services across of the U.S., Canada and Latin America, as well as project management services in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific. We expect improved Leasing performance, fueled by combination of market lift and share gains resulting from our increased focus on this business. And further significant carried interest contributions will underpin growth in Investment Management during the fourth quarter. In terms of challenges, tempered economic growth and the resulting occupier caution, along with foreign currency effects will continue to contain our performance in Asia-Pacific, and the mortgage servicing business in the Americas will remain under pressure as a result of the new regulatory limits on GSE lending. Considering all of this, we continue to expect normal -- normalized EBITDA margin improvement for the full year. We also anticipate that we will achieve full year adjusted earnings per share of between $1.40 and $1.45, consistent with our overall outlook at the beginning of the year. Before we take your questions, I would like to take a moment for a few brief announcements. The first is the opening a month ago of our new global headquarters at 400 South Hope Street in downtown Los Angeles. The office has been designed based on alternative workplace strategy principles and sets a new standard for collaborative work environments in our industry. Congratulations to our work-play strategy and L.A. area teams. Next, I want to acknowledge Nick Kormeluk, who has served as our Vice President of Investor Relations since 2007. Nick will be ending his association with CBRE effective at the end of the year. As many of you may know, Nick transitioned from employee to consultant in early 2009 and he now plans to focus 100% of his energies on is growing consulting practice. We thank Nick for his service to CBRE and wish him the best of luck with his future endeavors. Going forward, Steve Iaco, our Director of Corporate Communications, will serve as our liaison along with Gil to the financial community. Steve is a 20-year veteran of CBRE and its predecessor companies who possesses deep knowledge of our operations and strong relationships up and down the organization. I know that you'll enjoy interacting with Steve. Finally, I would like to remind all of you that our annual business review day will be held at our New York City office on November 21. If you have not received the details, please get in touch with Nick or Steve. I look forward to seeing you there. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering if you could tie together -- you mentioned in your comments the end, mid-to high single-digit revenue growth if you look at your number for the first 9 months, you're already at 9% to 10%. So it suggests a little bit of a slowdown, perhaps, in the fourth quarter, implicitly is what I'm gathering. But when I look at what your guidance is, it suggests about a $0.10 year-over-year pickup in earnings. So I'm just trying to tie those together.
Gil Borok: Anthony, it's Gil. I think you're reading too much into it. Mid- to single-high-digits is exactly what it says. So we've got a range of mid- to high single digits, right? I think that hasn't changed. So I wouldn't be concerned about that.
Robert E. Sulentic: Definitely, we don't expect a slowdown in the fourth quarter.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So then, in terms of the pickup though, year-over-year in bottom [ph] on EPS, how much do you think you'll get in carried interests in 4Q?
Gil Borok: Anthony, we're not going to disclose the number. But what we will say is that what is it in the prepared remarks was similar sizable. So that means at least as much as in the third quarter.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk about just the cost structure and just how much these technology initiatives and the people and so forth that you're investing in are adding, or put differently, maybe what the impact on your EBITDA margins are? Can you put some parameters around that?
Gil Borok: Yes, certainly. So what we said, and I need to put a bit of context around this. As we said at the beginning of the year or earlier in the year, we gave an indication that we expected net spend to be around $40 million. The actual spend on investment would be greater than that, offset by savings in other areas that we knew we would get. So in essence, we were substituting lesser quality spend, if you will, for higher quality spend, i.e., for investment. So it was very programmatic and we were not free spending in terms of investment but rather self-funding at least some of that investment. That all would net to a investment amount of $40 million for the year. We've not gotten into tracking against that $40 million, but what I will say qualitatively is, through the 9 months, we're probably a little bit behind. Meaning, not behind on our investment but actually a little bit ahead on our savings. But I don't want to get into exactly what those numbers are because then we'll be in a situation like we've been in the past where we're chasing our tail. So I will just tell you that qualitatively, I think we're doing just fine relative to that net bogey.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But if -- and just -- maybe I'm trying to oversimplify, but if I were to just take the $40 million and look at sort of your annual -- your rough annual revenues, is it simple as saying it's, call it, roughly, 60 -- 60 basis point drag on EBITDA margins?
Gil Borok: 50 to 60. Yes.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then as we look out, does that go away or is this money that you expect to get a return on up in revenue or do actual, like, OpEx go down?
Gil Borok: So you said a lot there. Clearly we were investing -- we're expecting a return. So clearly, there will be some revenue. Again we're not talking, as you know, about a very major effort -- at $40 million on a significant -- significant business is not that much. But we do expect a return. A good portion of that will then be in the run rate, right? So if investment in people, for example, will stay, there are some items that are onetime in nature on systems and so forth that once they're spent they won't recur. So not the full $40 million in and of itself will be run rate. A good portion of it will be. But we have not yet completed our budgets for 2014. And when we do, and we know what that number is, run rate plus perhaps additional onetime for next year, perhaps not. We'll give you a clear number probably on the next earnings call as to what we expect that equivalent number to be for 2014.
Robert E. Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. Let me add a little bit to what Gil said. In general, I think that you should expect to see us on kind of an ongoing basis escalate our investments in technology and people relative to where we've been, not to the point where we're going to yield on our priority of having the industry's best margins. And in this environment, as you know, this year, we expect to expand those margins by 50 basis points. We'll see how next year goes. We may expand it again next year. But we are, with regard to technology, and certain targeted expenses with people, we are escalating our expenses. And that's on a net basis, by the way. We've also got, as Gil said, a targeted program that we put together for some cost savings to offset a portion of that.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just last question on Investment Management. I think it was $90.8 million, I don't have the slide in front of me, in terms of your base fees, Is that a decent run rate at this AUM going forward or is there any more impact from some of the sales or I think you said you had internalized management, in one of the private REITS or something?
Gil Borok: There are no additional privatizations or internalizations that we're aware of. So I'm not going to go to so far to say it's a decent run rate, because we expect and hopefully and ultimately AUM growth. But it is a more normalized fee, so assets under management. We have a comparable quarter Q3 '13 versus Q3 '12, which was not the case prior to.
Robert E. Sulentic: And I'm going to add to that, Anthony. We now expect -- we've gone through an aggressive disposition program. We have a sizable value-added business. We also have the sizable core asset business in these gateway markets where we thought it was particularly opportunity to sell assets. So the combination of those 2 led us to dispositions of $7 billion-plus during the course of this year. We think that activity will taper off now and that in fact that we'll start net investing next year. Our capital raise activity in the third quarter was 50% higher than the first and second quarters combined. We expect that capital raise activity to increase again in the fourth quarter and we expect next year to be significantly higher than this year. So we're going to have a lot of dry powder. We will work through that disposition phase and we feel like that there's an opportunity to grow that base [ph] of AUM next year.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Maybe I'm splitting hairs a little bit too thin here, but last quarter I felt like the language around the EPS range was a little more maybe bullish, i.e. exceeding the top end, given the impact to carried interest. It sounds like you backed off that a little bit or maybe I'm splitting hairs too much or is it just the GSE stuff was unintended dilution to profits?
Gil Borok: Yes. The way I would answer that, Brandon, is we don't foresee an upside to the full year range of $1.40 to $1.45, mostly because of the GSE servicing slow down. And so all we're doing is returning to our additional and unqualified guidance.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. That makes sense. So maybe as a transition there, given that the GSEs are still trying to figure out what they're doing from a number of perspectives, but in particular what the scorecards are going to look like for next year. How do we think about the impact during the fourth quarter? Or maybe in a longer-term basis, could this be a headwind for 2 quarters, 4 quarters, any sense of how that GSE scorecard may come up?
Gil Borok: Yes, I can comment on the fourth quarter, but you said it, we don't know the picture for 2014. It's really not determined at this point. We'll be better qualified to talk about that obviously on the next call or maybe even prior to once the government themselves figure out what they're going to do. But in terms of the fourth quarter, if we -- based on what we know right now and based on the mandate of reducing volumes by 10%, we expect that we'll have an impact of maybe a little bit less than this quarter, but in that $10 million to $15 million range year-over-year. So a similar slightly lower negative impact versus Q4 2012. And we know that because the mandate is to reduce volumes by 10% on the year. We were over that through June 30 and we were perhaps under that in the third quarter and we do know that Fannie and Freddie have said that they maybe have overshot the market a bit in the third quarter, would ease up in the fourth such that they don't get to volumes that are greater than 10% less than the full year 2012. So there's perhaps a little bit of upside which leads me to say that I think the impact on that quarter negative will be a little better than it was in Q3. Hopefully that's clear.
Robert E. Sulentic: But to be redundant here, Brandon, you weren't splitting hairs. And that was contemplated in the way we gave guidance and our release.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. That makes sense. Given the -- what feels like a pretty decent rebound in growth rates in EMEA, maybe some thoughts on investing in more systems, more people, more support people. I would imagine you guys, in the past year, 1.5 years, even maybe 2 years, have been a little reluctant to put any capital work there given how little growth was going on. But with growth recovery, any thoughts of getting a little more aggressive in terms of going after market share? And then I guess at the sideline of that is, there must be an assumption within that answer of sustainability of these kind of growth rates out EMEA the next several quarters, if not longer?
Robert E. Sulentic: Brandon, obviously, we're going to have Mike Strong answer that question. But I want to comment on something globally in response to what you just said. Under the leadership of our Global President of Brokerage, Jack Durburg, and our Global President of Capital Markets, Chris Ludeman, we have an aggressive program in place in all regions of the world to add talent to our businesses. So we haven't been sitting back waiting for the markets to get to a certain point before we did that. We believe we have headroom for growth organically in all regions of the world. We think it's starting to come through pretty nicely in the numbers. And that decision was made by our Global Operating Committee that Gil, Mike Strong and myself all sit on independent of the comings and goings of results in the current quarter or current year.
Michael J. Strong: If I may make a more general comment about Europe. If you look what's happening in economies, you'll see that of the more established such as Germany and the U.K., the growth, the consensus growth rates being put against those countries are now increasing and have increased a lot over the last quarter. And if you look forward, the view of the next 3 to 4 years is that those countries will grow 2%, possibly even 3%. If you look at the growing areas of the Nordics, CEE, Turkey, their estimates around growth rates of 3% to 4%. And even in the more troubled places, such as Italy, Spain, Netherlands and France, they're all turning positive with 1% to 1.5% to 2% growth assumptions estimates over the next 3 to 4 years. So we've lived with declining economic environments for 5 years, declining demand for space, and obviously a relatively weak investment market. So I think we're now seeing -- you can see from the numbers that the level of investment in capital coming into the European market has materially increased. Whilst it was originally focused on London and some of the German cities, it is now much more broadly based. The U.K. regional markets have improved. There is much better demand for the southern European markets, Italy and Spain. And we do foresee that, with the weight of capital coming in, that there's -- every prospect of that will continue. And with recovering economic environment, we do see the demand for space will turn positive. As you'll see it's -- we think it's probably hit a low point and will turn positive with vacancy rates coming in. So against that, to answer your question, we have been investing quite materially over the last 1 to 2 years in headcount. We've put substantial numbers of people into the -- into several of our markets. We're continuing to do that as Bob referenced. We're also expanding in the non-transaction areas in Property Management particularly and in the outsourcing businesses, both of which are growing at a brisk pace. So yes, we're out there hiring the very best people we get our hands on, selectively doing M&A. and we'll see every prospect for that will continue.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then final one for me. I think last quarter you called out Brazil as a bit of an issue just from an operating leverage perspective. Maybe scale the headwind, if there was one this quarter, relative to what it was last, and what the outlook for that part of your business becoming a, let's call it not a headwind, or potentially a tailwind from a margin perspective.
Gil Borok: Yes, Brandon. So in the third quarter, we did not have issues that we had in Q2. I think it was anomalous to Q2; 1 and 3 were good quarters for us in Brazil, 2 was not. Year-to-date, we're a little better and the forecast for the year on Brazil in particular, I would say, is flat to slightly better. It's highly dependent on transactions and there are large capital markets transactions that happen in that market. And if one flips, that can have an impact on that particular market. And in fact, as we saw even on our overall results, that bakes [ph] some of those transactions.
Operator: We have a question from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just wondering how sustainable you think the acceleration you're seeing in Americas leasing is. Just wondering that because we haven't seen a -- certainly an uptick from the property owners in terms of rents and that sort of thing.
Robert E. Sulentic: David, I'll answer that. We have really focused on growing our Leasing business around the world and specifically in the Americas. And we expect to see good momentum, a momentum ahead of the market certainly through the balance of this year. And we're putting our plan together for next year. And my guess is, when that plan is all said and done, we will have expected ourselves to grow market share again next year. So that area is receiving a lot of focus from us.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe give us [ph] a rough idea maybe what your headcount is up?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes. Those numbers -- we don't publish our headcount numbers.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But safe to say you're adding net new people to grow ahead of the market in America's Leasing?
Robert E. Sulentic: We are adding a significant number of people and we are doing 2 things: we're adding people in and we're switching out people in a number of markets that where we had the opportunity to bring in better talent.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And if you had to -- maybe, it's particularly in -- maybe not to get too detailed, but Americas leasing in terms of the vacancy rate, it continues to tick down. Absorptions continue to be pretty positive, when do we hit an inflection point where occupiers feel the need to take that additional year, or take that additional amount of square footage?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, I think we're already seeing some of that now. The fact of the matter is, there's -- rates are coming up, occupancies are coming up and sophisticated users, and we advise a lot of them, are attuned to that. And they believe that the space is going to get more expensive, particularly the better space. And there's some aggressive action to secure space in the environment we're in today.
Operator: And we have a question from Mitch Germain with JMP Securities.
Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Bob, you guys made a strategic acquisition in the U.S. in the retail segment. I'm curious if that's one of your offerings you're looking to targeting for growth now?
Robert E. Sulentic: Mitch, this is going to sound glib and I apologize for that, but retail is one of the product lines we offer and we have very pointedly said that we expect to be able to grow organically and through M&A all of our product lines in all our geographies. We like the businesses we're in, we like the geographies we're in and we're aggressive about growing all those businesses in all those geographies. We happen to think we have an exceptional opportunity in retail in the United States. We have a very good leader in that business. We have a bunch of regional leaders geographic leaders, who have identified opportunities for us to grow. And the situation in Philadelphia with FAMECO was really a nice example of that kind of opportunity.
Mitchell B. Germain - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Great. And just curious about year-over-year trends and investment sales. I think more so domestically, obviously, we had some benefit of tax-motivated selling. Are you still pretty positive on the abilities to sustain that growth rate in 4Q?
Robert E. Sulentic: We think there's going to be solid growth opportunity in investment sales in all 3 regions of the world in the fourth quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Todd Lukasik with Morningstar.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First on leasing in Europe. You mentioned that sentiment there is improving and the outlook for economic growth is improving. Is that something you think is going to show up in increased leasing volumes in general in the market perhaps as early as the next quarter or is that something that's going to take longer to play out there? And then just as a follow-up, are there any particular factors to which you would attribute your share gains in Europe?
Michael J. Strong: Values being volume as opposed to value price? Yes?
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, the leasing volume.
Michael J. Strong: I think what we're seeing in the prime markets of, say, London and Paris and the German cities, and for prime retail and prime logistics, is the leasing demand has picked up quite materially. We're starting to see that moving into some of the markets that have been more depressed in turn economically. There's the status [ph] -- you're seeing signs of demand in Spain, some of the Italian cities, the Netherlands and Belgium. So generally, demand is picking up. And against the backdrop of historically low supply, some markets are also now coming under pressure in terms of pricing pressure upwards. And that's particularly true in parts of London and some of the German cities as well. So I think to that degree, it happened. In terms of how we secured increased market share, I think it's fundamentally -- it's all down to the people we have and the teams of people we have in the markets in which they operate, and their ability to connect up the region and connect up globally to make sure that we can access national, international tenants. And that's something we concentrate on a great deal right across our organization.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a question on investment sales in the U.S. and the potential impact of higher interest rates. Obviously there's been a rise in rates this year, that hasn't really seem to affect sales volumes yet. But I'm wondering, from your perspective, if maybe there's a threshold level of interest rates or a magnitude of change in those rates over a short time period that might kind of put the brakes on investment sales where both sides of the transaction are waiting to figure out where the price settles and what your thoughts are on that in terms of sustaining strong investment sales volumes in the U.S. in particular?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes. There's probably a threshold out there somewhere, but we're not foreseeing it anytime soon. We think the more likely situation is, if interest rates tick up, it will be because the economy has gotten better. As the economy gets better, what will -- what we've already started to see and what we'll see more of is that activity picks up on property sales in what are typically called second-tier markets and second-tier assets, which by the way, still very, very substantial business centers and very substantial assets that, up to this point, had not yet been captured in that kind of activity. So we think that kind of circumstance will offset any impact of higher interest rates based on anything we foresee now. Now there could be again a threshold out there somewhere that we're not seeing. The other thing that is always worth keeping in mind when you think about real estate assets now is the liquidity and the transparency associated with real estate assets is appealing in the market environment we're in today. And also the fact that they're considered to be a hedge against inflation, which everybody knows. So we're not concerned about the circumstance that you're describing as possible. And obviously, we and the market haven't seen that playing out at all.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: If that's all the questions, we appreciate everybody joining us today. And we will talk to you again when we release our year-end information. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert E. Sulentic - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Acquisition Committee and Member of Executive Committee Gil Borok - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Calvin W. Frese - Chief Executive Officer of Americas Business
Analysts: Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to CBRE Q2 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, as a reminder, this teleconference is being recorded. And at this time, I will turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q2 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statement that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our second quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular, any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer; and Cal Frese, Americas Chief Executive Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thank you, Nick. And please turn to Slide 4. CBRE achieved another quarter of solid growth in the second quarter of 2013. Our performance was especially noteworthy coming against the backdrop of continued weak global economic growth as well as heightened financial market volatility and rising U.S. interest rates following Fed Chairman Bernanke's remarks about the quantitative easing program in late May. Our improved performance amid this macro environment is a testament to our well-balanced service offering and our people's energy and creativity in collaborating across markets and disciplines to produce outstanding results for our clients. Nothing is more important to our company. Overall, revenue growth of 9% was fueled by meaningful improvement in all 3 global regions. We also saw a continued strength in our capital markets and occupier outsourcing businesses. Asia Pacific led the global regions with 16% revenue growth, extending its healthy rebound from a relatively soft first half in 2012. It was particularly gratifying to see a very strong growth in Greater China for the second consecutive quarter. The Americas region achieved 10% revenue growth for the second quarter in a row. Cal Frese, CEO of our Americas business, will take you through these results later. More importantly, he will discuss our strategy for sustaining growth and improving market share through our focus on better serving clients. EMEA also continued to recover from a difficult 2012. Although higher revenue in France and the United Kingdom was tempered by the recessionary environment across most of Continental Europe, overall revenue in the region rose 9%. Turning to our global service lines. The capital markets-based businesses continued to be growth engines for us. Global property sales revenue rose 20% and was driven by Asia Pacific and the Americas. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue improved 22% as investor appetite for debt financing remained strong throughout the quarter despite the long-term interest rates spike later in the period. Appraisal & Valuation revenue, which is closely tied to investment activity, improved 10% led by Asia Pacific. Real estate outsourcing continues to be a growth catalyst as well. Overall, property, facilities and project management revenue rose 11% globally with notable strength in EMEA. Our Global Corporate Services or GCS business, which is our occupier outsourcing service lines saw revenues rise 11% globally. GCS revenue generally includes commissions from sales and lease transactions associated with GCS accounts in addition to facilities and project management fees. A high degree of occupier caution amid weak global economic growth continued to restrain global leasing performance. Despite generally soft market conditions, however, global leasing revenue rose 4% paced by the Americas. Achieving more robust growth in leasing -- in our leasing business despite the lackluster macro microenvironment is one of CBRE's strategic priorities. As planned, last month we paid down all $450 million of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes due in 2017. This was the final step in our recent refinancing actions that have materially lower our annualized interest expense while nearly doubling our borrowing capacity. These actions have markedly strengthened our financial position and have given us increased flexibility to execute our growth strategy. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gil who will review the quarter's financial results and discuss the refinancing actions in more detail.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Bob. Please advance to Slide 5. Total revenue was approximately $1.75 billion for the second quarter of 2013, up 9% from last year. This increase is at the upper end of our expectations for long-term growth and was generally well balanced among service lines with good growth around the world. Cost of services increased to 58.5% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2013 versus 56.7% in the second quarter of 2012. This increase was driven by declining transaction revenue in a few geographies that have a largely fixed cost structure and lower revenue in our principal businesses where all costs are classified as operating expense. Largely, because of this, cost of services did not decline commensurate with revenue. Second quarter 2013 operating expenses were 28.7% of total revenue, down from 30.1% in the second quarter of 2012. It should be noted that $9.1 million of integration and other costs related to the ING REIM acquisition were included in the second quarter of 2012 while there were no such costs in the second quarter of 2013. Excluding integration costs, operating expenses were 29.6% of revenue in the second quarter of 2012. The current year decrease was achieved despite incremental investments in our operating platform. Interest expense was down 15% versus the second quarter of 2012, reflecting the effects of our refinancing activities this year. In the second quarter of 2013, we normalized costs totaling $42.7 million associated with the early redemption of our $450 million 11.625% senior subordinated notes. Our second quarter 2013 tax rate was approximately 40%, consistent with the second quarter of 2012. The tax rate this quarter was elevated due to a shift in earnings to higher tax jurisdictions and losses in certain countries in Europe where no tax benefit could be provided. However, as we have previously noted, we have been focused on the tax efficiency of our legal entity and operating structure. Given this and the normal seasonality of our transaction revenue, we expect the full year 2013 tax rate to approximate 35%. Depreciation and amortization expense rose by approximately $5 million to $43.6 million, driven by increased technology-related capital expenditures and mortgage servicing rights. Adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 15% to $0.31 in the second quarter of 2013 from $0.27 in the second quarter of 2012. However, costs associated with the early redemption of the 11.625% notes reduced GAAP earnings per share by $0.08. As a result, second quarter 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.21 compared with $0.23 in last year's second quarter. Normalized EBITDA rose 10% to $243.1 million in the second quarter of 2013, resulting in a normalized EBITDA margin of 13.9%, a slight improvement from 13.8% in the second quarter of 2012. Please turn to Slide 6. Property, facilities and project management revenue increased 11% for the quarter. It was once again our largest service line, representing 35% of total revenue. Leasing was our second largest service line, comprising 28% of total revenue for the quarter. Overall, leasing growth was moderate at 4%, reflecting continued occupier caution in many parts of the world. However, in light of the macro environment, we were pleased to see leasing revenue improve in local currencies in all 3 global regions. Property sales grew by 20% in the second quarter of 2013 paced by Asia Pacific and the Americas. This reflects healthy growth at a time when investment markets in much of the world remain challenged. Global Investment Management revenue decreased 1% versus the prior year period. We will discuss these results in detail later. Appraisal & Valuation revenue increased 10% for the quarter. While growth was achieved in all 3 global regions, it was especially strong in Asia Pacific. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue grew 22% year-over-year. U.S. loan origination activity was robust through the quarter notwithstanding the long-term interest rate rise late in the period. Development Services revenue decreased 19% to $12.6 million, attributable to lower rental income resulting from property dispositions. Recurring revenue comprised approximately 61% of total revenue for the same quarter of 2013. This included leasing commissions from existing clients, property and facilities management fees, asset management fees and loan servicing fees, which are all largely recurring. Please turn to Slide 7, which shows the continued steady forward vacancy rates and ongoing positive absorption, trends that CBRE economists expect to continue over the next 24 months. Average national cap rates remained relatively stable in the second quarter of 2013 versus both the second quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013. Year-over-year volumes improved in all 3 property sectors, most notably in office. I'll now hand the call over to Cal who will address our Americas performance and strategy.
Calvin W. Frese: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 8. We achieved solid growth across the Americas in the second quarter of 2013. Overall revenue growth of 10% was particularly notable considering the moderately improving economic conditions that continued to prevail in the heightened financial market volatility that developed over the final month of the quarter. Property sales continued to be a strong growth engine for the region. Sales revenues increased 19% in the second quarter of 2013 as investor demand was generally strong throughout the quarter and has remained so despite the recent run-up in long-term interest rates. While the recent widening of CMBS spreads could temper liquidity in some secondary markets, core properties remain in high demand and capital flows into real estate remain strong as investors continue to search for yield. Leasing revenue rose by 5% during the quarter. This performance comes against a backdrop of mixed local market conditions with modest overall improvement in employment, availability and rental rates. We believe that we could continue to gain market share in the face of generally soft overall market activity. Continued steady growth of our occupier outsourcing business drove an increase in property, facilities and project management revenue of 9% during the quarter. Please turn to Slide 9. Our results in the second quarter underscore the well-balanced service offering we have assembled in the Americas as the business has evolved over the past 6 years. As you can see, property sales and leasing comprised almost 3 quarters of our revenue in 2006. Today, they are business mainstays with short -- with strong near- and long-term growth prospects. But as a result of the dramatic growth of the GCS business, sales and leasing now make up 48% of total revenue. The dark green slice you see here primarily reflects revenue from facilities and project management services. It does not include transaction commissions associated with our GCS accounts, which are reflected in sales and leasing revenue. On this basis alone, GCS now accounts for 28% of Americas revenue. Please turn to Slide 10. The GCS business continues to benefit from excellent underlying momentum. As Bob mentioned, GCS achieved revenue growth of approximately 11% in the Americas during the second quarter of 2013. We have developed a robust occupier outsourcing business over many years as this trend has grown. Although some major companies have been outsourcing real estate services for many years, adoption remains in its early stages for much of corporate America and has only just begun in such sectors as health care and government. The pressures to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in these sectors should drive increased opportunities for some time. We believe occupier outsourcing has the potential to be a more than $50 billion global market with, at best, a 20% current penetration rate. CBRE is ideally positioned to capitalize on the considerable upside potential in this market. Reflecting this, GCS signed 55 total contracts on a global basis in the second quarter of 2013. Of these, the majority had an Americas component. Our Americas GCS business signed up many new clients during the second quarter, including J.C. Penney, Booz Allen Hamilton and the state of New York and expanded our services for such clients as Dell and AT&T. Now, please turn to Slide 11. Our asset services business contribute significantly to properties, facilities and project management revenue. This business generally grows more modestly than GCS. However, we have amassed by far the largest third-party property management portfolio in the industry, which gives our clients a distinct advantage in terms of our breadth of expertise and ability to achieve economies of scale. Asset services is strategically important as it enables us to provide property owners with an integrated leasing and management service offering across a broad portfolio. We are particularly focused on urban high rise and trophy assets through our Premier Properties initiatives. We added 16 such properties in the first 6 months of this year and now service a portfolio of more than 200 of these large landmark properties. We are also concentrating on growing our relationships with strategic institutional property owners, some of which you see represented here. Please turn to Slide 12. Leasing services on behalf of property occupiers and owners has been a core offering for CBRE for more than 100 years. In the Americas, we have more than 2,400 specialized professionals providing this service. Included among the occupiers they serve are clients of our GCS business. A year ago, we made the decision to increase our investment in the leasing business, launching a number of initiatives including an expansion of our managed brokerage strategy and mid-market initiative. We are highly focused on growing our revenue and market share. Jack Durburg, our Global President of Transaction Services, described our systematic approach to agency and occupier pursuits in detail last quarter. CBRE. Is renowned for large complex transactions such as the ones you see identified here. We take a highly strategic, consultative approach to every assignment. This goes far beyond finding space and negotiating lease terms. These activities are preceded by sophisticated client advisory work that requires thorough knowledge of market activity and trends, complex financial and qualitative analysis of space alternatives and insightful strategies to engage the marketplace. Such broad-ranging expertise is typically beyond the scope of any one individual. Therefore, in nearly all cases, our service is delivered through collaboration among our professionals who have access to a depth of resources and organizational support that many competitors have difficulty replicating. Our go-to-market strategy and reputation for quality services continue to catalyze future growth. Now, on to Slide 13. The same sophisticated approach underpins our work in the real estate investment market. Much like the leasing market, our 650 investment sales and mortgage brokerage professionals are organized around property type expertise, and teamwork is emphasized to ensure success in both strategic advice and execution. The results of our efforts are clear. Real Capital Analytics has identified CBRE as the #1 U.S. investment firm for the past 7 consecutive years. Based on RCA data for the first half of 2013, we are once again the leading firm with market share of 16.9%, an increase of 110 basis points from the same period in 2012. In addition, Real Estate Alert ranked us #1 at mid-year for office property sales valued at $25 million or higher. As this track record demonstrates, we are highly active at all price points within the market, executing transactions valued between a few million and a few billion dollars. Our Commercial Mortgage Brokerage business consists of large origination activity to facilitate asset acquisitions or refinancings and loan sales for lenders who want to remove these assets from their balance sheets. We also have a sizable loan servicing portfolio of more than $100 billion. Our overall loan activity has been strong this year with volume rising from 27% to $11.6 billion at mid-year. We do business across all property types and have deep relationships with banks, life companies, conduits, private equity firms and government agencies, all of whom increased their commercial mortgage portfolios this year. Increasingly, what sets CBRE apart is our ability to deliver sophisticated, integrated capital market solutions for buyers and sellers of real estate. A good example of this is the sale of One Wells Fargo Center in Charlotte where we arranged both the sale and financing of the property. Few firms can match CBRE's strength in real estate capital markets. As a result, we believe we are poised for further market share gains and revenue growth in this business. Now, I'll turn the call back to Gil who will continue to review our second quarter performance.
Gil Borok: Thanks, Cal. Please turn to Slide 14. EMEA overall revenue growth was 9% in the second quarter of 2013. This is very solid growth considering the recessionary macro environment across most of Europe. France and the U.K. were the primary drivers of this revenue increase. Property sales revenue was flat for the quarter, following exceptionally strong growth in the first quarter. Our performance was split during the quarter. In the U.K., CBRE was the most active firm in the investment market in the second quarter, according to property data, which led to double-digit revenue growth. However, our activity was lower in much of Continental Europe with the exception of Belgium, Spain and Switzerland. The leveling off of growth reflects the fact that investors remain cautious and highly selective in their acquisition decisions, although sentiment has improved somewhat over the past few quarters. Leasing revenue grew 3% across the EMEA, paced by gains in France and the U.K. Belgium and Ireland also saw growth. While modest, this growth comes at a time when occupiers remain hesitant to make long-term commitments and rent growth remains largely stuck in neutral. Property, facilities and project management was our largest business within the region during the second quarter. Revenue growth was robust at 22%. This strong performance is the result of our hard work over several years to build a broad market-leading platform to meet the real estate needs of property owners and occupiers. Please turn to Slide 15. Asia Pacific was our fastest-growing business segment in the second quarter of 2013, continuing a rebound from muted performance in 2012. Overall revenue growth of 16% is particularly noteworthy in light of slowing economic activity in much of the region and the impact of a stronger dollar. In local currencies, total revenue in Asia Pacific was up 20%. Property sales were a strong growth catalysts, rising by 62% or 67% in local currencies, reflecting our progress in taking market share. Activity was strong across the entire region, especially in Greater China and Japan. Australia and Singapore also saw good growth. This is our second consecutive quarter of robust sales growth in Asia Pacific. This is particularly gratifying considering that investment activity remains subdued across much of the region. In contrast, leasing revenue was essentially flat in dollar terms, but did show growth of 3% in local currencies. Demand for space remained tempered especially for multinational companies. Nevertheless, we saw higher leasing revenue in Australia and Greater China, which was partly offset by a notable decrease in Japan. However, approximately 1/2 of the decline in Japan was caused by the yen's depreciation against the dollar. Property, facilities and project management revenue rose by 8% in the second quarter of 2013 or 12% in local currencies. Our outsourcing business is growing nicely across this region. Recent assignments include Citigroup, Macquarie Group and Oracle. Please turn to Slide 16. Revenue for the Development Services segment, including discontinued operations, totaled $14 million in the second quarter of 2013 versus $17.8 million in the second quarter of 2012. The lower amount resulted from property dispositions, which reduced rental revenue. However, normalized EBIT improved to $7.4 million due to higher earnings from property sales, primarily reflected in real estate gains. Development projects in process totaled $4.7 billion, up $400 million from the first quarter and $500 million from year-end 2012. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.7 billion, down $200 million from the first quarter and $400 million from year-end 2012. Our equity co-investments at the end of the second quarter of -- second quarter of 2013 in the Development Services business totaled $72.4 million, an our recourse debt stood at $16.2 million. Please turn to Slide 17. Second quarter 2013 Global Investment Management revenue totaled $115.9 million compared with $119.7 million in the second quarter of 2012. The decrease was primarily due to lower asset management fees and lower rental income following property dispositions, partially offset by higher acquisition and disposition fees. Global Investment Management assets under management or AUM totaled $88.2 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2013, a decrease of $3.8 billion from year-end 2012. Included in the current AUM is $23.6 billion of listed securities. The decrease from year-end 2012 reflect the portfolio dispositions of $4.6 billion as we helped our clients take advantage of the current sales environment to harvest gains in their portfolios, as well as negative foreign currency effect of $1.8 billion. These were partially offset by gains of $300 million in the value of the real estate securities and direct investment portfolios and acquisitions of $2.3 billion. We remain active buyers of value-added product in the U.S. During the second quarter of 2013, we raised equity capital of approximately $500 million in the direct real estate business and had approximately $2.8 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our co-investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $191.8 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA record reconciliation detail is shown on Slide 18. As of June 30, 2013, we maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $47 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. For the second quarter of 2013, the net carried interest incentive compensation expense totaled $2.9 million. We normalized $2.6 million of carried interest compensation expense, which pertains to a fund for which no carried interest expense had previously been recognized. It is our intention to follow this convention for new funds going forward. We did not normalize $300,000 of carried interest compensation expense, which pertains to an existing fund for which carried interest compensation expense had previously been taken. This business operated with a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 30% for the second quarter of 2013, an increase of 500 basis point from the second quarter of 2012. The increase was driven by improved co-investment returns and lower provisions for bad debt and legal matters as compared to the second quarter of 2012. Slide 19 shows our liquidity position at June 30, 2013 as well as our amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding corporate debt. As you will recall, in March 2013, we've completed a series of refinancing transactions. At that time, we amended our present agreement to provide for $715 million of partly delayed short-term loans and a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. This nearly doubled the borrowing capacity we had under the old revolver. We also sold $800 million of new 10-year 5% fixed rate senior unsecured notes. As Bob mentioned, last month, we took the final step in our 2013 refinancing plan, paying down our $450 million 11.625% senior subordinated notes, which were due in 2017. You can see here the benefits of these actions. We have extended maturities far into the future with little debt coming due for 3 years. We reduced total corporate debt by about $500 million and cut annualized interest expense by approximately $50 million when compared to annualized interest expense before the refinancing actions. These actions leave us well-positioned to make strategic investments to drive further growth with increased financial flexibility to be opportunistic and continue navigating an uncertain recovery. Please turn to Slide 20. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use and excluding our nonrecourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter of 2013 was approximately $1.7 billion. While this represents an increase of $136.7 million from year-end 2012, due to seasonal incentive compensation payment, net debt is down $272 million from the second quarter of 2012. At the end of the second quarter of 2013, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5%. This is a 60 basis point decrease from year-end 2012. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis as of the end of the second quarter of 2013 stood at 1.65x on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA stood at 1.7x. This is a marked improvement from 2.19x in the second quarter of 2012. Consistent with historical trends, we expect net debt to decrease during the course of the year. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 21. As we reached the year's midway point, we see that our performance in 2013 is generally unfolding consistent with our expectations. Like many business people around the world, we continue to be disappointed in the lack of sustained improvement in the global economy. The more recent heightened concerns about the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policies have added another dimension to existing challenges. Nonetheless, CBRE's strengths including our brand, people, flexible capital structure and balanced service offering give us confidence in our continued success amid historically slow and uneven market recovery. We remain highly focused on improving our industry-leading margins while making the kind of operational investments that will help us to better serve our clients and execute our growth strategy. CBRE remains on course to achieve full year revenue growth in the mid- to high single digits, consistent with our long-term business model. Among our major business lines, we expect that property sales will remain strong. Even with slightly higher borrowing costs, institutional and entrepreneurial investors remain highly attracted to the yields available from commercial property relative to other income-oriented investments. Property, facilities and project management services should sustain steady low double-digit growth rates, paced by growing global adoption of occupier outsourcing. Leasing should gain momentum as we realize the benefits of our strategic growth initiatives in this business and underlying fundamentals continue to slowly heal. Investment Management should produce significant carried interest revenue, much of which was anticipated in our initial expectations for 2013. We continue to expect margins to expand by around 50 basis points for the full year, driven by contributions from our Investment Management business as well as the normal acceleration in transaction services activity in the second half of the year. We also remain disciplined around managing operating expenses to a level appropriate given revenue expectations. In light of the strong current sales environment and the opportunity this affords to harvest gains in our Investment Management portfolio, we may exceed our initial expectations for carried interest revenue for the full year. If this happens, we could modestly exceed our original expectations of earnings per share, as adjusted, of $1.40 to $1.45 for the full year 2013. With that, operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Brandon Dobell with William Blair.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Let me just start with from a personnel point of view. How should we expect the pace of broker additions or personnel additions second half of the year versus the first half of the year?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, Brandon, Cal Frese runs our Americas. He's obviously with us today, and the biggest bulk of our brokers work for Cal. So I think he's the best one to answer that. And then I'll -- when he's done with that, I'll add on for EMEA and Asia Pacific.
Calvin W. Frese: Hey, Brandon. I guess as we've talked about before, we have an aggressive strategy right now to be attracting A players into gaps and open spaces in our platform. And through June, we have attracted approximately 100 new professionals into the business. Now, I have to say that our strategy is not to bulk up here but to really add key players in key markets or key sectors in the business. We think that, that track record will continue over the course of the year. And we feel good about our ability to attract new people into the industry.
Robert E. Sulentic: And Brandon, this is Bob, adding on with regarding to EMEA and Asia Pacific. It's -- the philosophy we're -- and initiatives we're following in Americas we're following around the world. And we're meeting with success adding good people to our team everywhere. We've -- last quarter, we had Jack Durburg on the call, our Global President of Brokerage. And what we've asked Jack to do for us is to drive this initiative around the world. So we're seeing around the world what Cal is seeing here in Americas and we're quite pleased with it. When we talk about this incremental investment in our business, this is one of the areas we're really focused on, is adding production talent. In addition to that, we're adding management talent and investing in technology and some other platform aspects of our business. But we're really focused on adding production talent.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Shifting gears a little bit. Any lingering effects that you guys have seen as you've worked into July from all the noise in kind of May and June around rates picking, or have you seen pipeline conversion rates change here in the U.S. or I guess in the U.K. also?
Calvin W. Frese: Can I jump and grab that again? We're watching this obviously very closely, I'd say, day-to-day, but it seems hour-to-hour in some ways. But based on the anecdotal evidence so far, I think we've seen relatively minimal impact on really either pricing or volumes to date, particularly for core assets and in those gateway cities. When you think about it, the capital remains abundant, particularly again for core assets. Real estate remains an attractive asset class for the traditional reasons of diversification and inflation hedge, but also importantly, continues to offer attractive returns relative to other asset classes. So we believe a modestly improving economy will continue to trend of improving fundamentals, which will help. So all in all, we think the second half should continue to be strong in the capital markets business.
Robert E. Sulentic: And I would only add to that by saying that there's the environment we operating in and then there's what we're doing within that environment. And this kind of links back into that first question, Brandon, and that is we are aggressively working to improve our capabilities. We're starting to feel that in our results. And so we're hopeful and expecting that the markets will act around the world the way Cal has described. We're also hoping and expecting that we'll perform a little bit better than that because of some of the steps we've taken.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then final one for me. Within GCS, maybe kind of a two-part question, what is your exposure to kind of it's called the brick-and-mortar retailers look like? And then any sense of the wins that you talked about in GCS this quarter, a geographic breakdown? Is it all Americas or was it spread across the regions pretty well?
Robert E. Sulentic: Why don't I hit that, Cal, just globally on GCS and you can talk about the Americas. We do have some exposure to brick-and-mortar retailers within GCS. But actually, some of the challenges that they're facing is causing them to be interested in our services and everything from disposing of spaces to managing space while they get back to focusing on their core businesses, so on and so forth. So we're not feeling, Brandon, any negative effects of the movement to online retailing from brick-and-mortar retailing in our business. We do a lot of retail facilities for banks and that's been very good business and positive business, unaffected. On a relative basis, our GCS business is much bigger here in the U.S. than it is in other parts of the world, but we had a very good growth quarter outside the U.S. in GCS. So that was encouraging. Cal?
Calvin W. Frese: All I would add is that I think that of those contracts, most of them actually had an Americas component to them. But what we're seeing in our pipeline is larger opportunities with international pieces to them. So it's all been pretty good.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Joe Dazio here with Tony. Wondering if I could dig into the gross margin a little bit again. Gil, can you clarify, I think you said that it went down because there were regions in which there was a fixed cost component for producers that saw a decline in transactions, did I hear that right?
Gil Borok: You did. So you've got a couple of things going on that are affecting the move in terms of cost of services versus revenue. And essentially, as you know, cost of services in general will move with revenue, particularly when it's commission based or transaction based, less so in the outsourcing business. But we had a revenue decrease in the principal businesses, which have no cost of services component. So when you have a revenue decrease, their cost of services is not moving down there because it's all in OpEx. And then we also had 1 or 2 countries, in particular, that have more fixed cost structures than, let's say, using the U.S. as a compare where we have a commission structure. We've got a couple of countries where revenue was down, but cost was not down commensurate with revenue. And that's having any impact, if you will, on the ratio of cost of services to revenue because they're not moving in like kind in those 2 instances.
Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And is that primarily in EMEA where that occurs?
Gil Borok: Actually, not. The largest one was actually in Brazil.
Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. One other, I guess, margin-related question. The incremental EBITDA margin looked like it was about 16% or so. And I guess, just kind of curious how you think that number -- how much do you think that number could have potentially expand? I guess, the transaction businesses -- we've been using the rule of thumb they produce overall margins of about 20%, so the incremental margins could be higher. So do you think that 16% could go up from here, or do you think that the impact of the outsourcing business is so great that it kind of pulls that down, there's not a whole lot of upside?
Robert E. Sulentic: Joe, this is Bob, let me comment on that and then Gil will probably have some follow-on. First of all, part of what you're seeing in our margins this quarter and you will see in our margins throughout this year is this choice we've made about incremental investments in our business. And we very specifically and very strategically and with the endorsement of our board, I might add, put a program in place to invest incrementally in our business because we think we're situated in the marketplace such that we can really benefit from those investments. So investments in talent, investments in some local market managers to drive the business, investments in IT and research and things like that in our platform. We've articulated in the first quarter and I'll repeat here, we think that the net incremental investment for the year is about $40 million. We think that'll have an impact on our margins for the year of about 80 basis points relative to what they would have otherwise been in the second -- excuse me, for about 50 basis points for the year. In the second quarter, we think that impact was about 80 basis points. We are very, very focused on those investments. So when you look this year at the margin associated with incremental dollars of revenue, you're going to see something slightly different than you would have seen from us historically and probably something slightly different than you're going to see from us prospectively, because this is a year where we're ramping up and catching up a little, making some investments that we need to make. So that's part of what you're seeing in those numbers. And Gil, I don't know what you'd want to add to that.
Gil Borok: Yes, the only thing I would add for you to consider, of course, is we're in the second quarter and it's a 90-day period. And so what you were sort of suggesting in terms of as the year goes on, it is true that the pie shift naturally with the seasonality of the transaction business. And accordingly, the impact on a full year basis will be different than on -- just on the second quarter or the first quarter.
Calvin W. Frese: Can I just -- do you mind if I -- this is Cal, CEO of the Americas. I simply would say that there's tremendous alignment among the management team on these strategic investments that Bob's talking about. And everyone across the world is intensely focused on managing the business extremely carefully because we're laying in these strategic investments, which we believe will be high-yield investments. So we're on it. I think we have this reputation. I've been here for 15 years and was COO of the Americas at one point in my career and we're very focused on running an efficient business.
Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any, I guess, goal with respect to incremental margins? I know in prior years you've talked sort of the 20% corporate margin goal being out there. But with these investments, does that kind of change any of the thinking as to how that could trend over the next couple of years?
Robert E. Sulentic: What we've talked about is where we think we're going to get to this year, Joe, which is 50 basis points of margin, increment above last year after taking into account those investments. And again, we think those investments are going to cost us about 50 basis points of margin this year. So said differently, we would have expanded about 1% this year in the absence of those investments.
Joseph C. Dazio - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And then last question, the leasing growth, it looks like it's kind of in the low to mid-single digits globally. Is there a way you can roughly break that out and maybe do it regionally, if you can, by the different buckets that drive leasing revenues up? So in other words, how much of that growth is from rents going up versus lease durations going up versus square footage going up?
Gil Borok: Joe, the short answer is essentially it's still a volume velocity driver. So it's really more about the number of transactions being up because the rental rates are up in some places, but in the U.S. they're up a little bit, not very much; and in Europe, they're pretty much flat; and I think more or less the same for Asia. So it's really still about volume more than anything else.
Robert E. Sulentic: What we do know is that in the second quarter, the volume of leases we did was up slightly and the size of those leases in terms of dollars was up slightly. So you had the cumulative effect of those 2 things. But that's an aggregate answer for what we saw around the world and across product types.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from Will Marks with JMP Securities.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Let me first ask, Gil, do you ever comment on where net debt could be year end in terms of -- based on hitting your guidance or just any related thoughts?
Gil Borok: Well, no. The only statement that we've made is naturally net debt will go down as the year progresses because of the seasonality. But we haven't given a number in terms the way net debt would be at 12/31.
Robert E. Sulentic: And let me say, Will, we talk about the investments we're ranking. The investments that Cal and Gil and I have been talking about so far in this call are income statement investments. We're forgoing some short-term income. We also have an aggressive plan for making balance sheet investments with our capital. We're co-investing in our Investment Management business. We're co-investing in our development business. We're -- we have M&A we're looking at and we were doing capital expenditures for technologies. So all of that's going to play into that net debt picture between now and the end of the year.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. Second question on the guidance. Just to be clear, I think you have been clear, that the potential upside in guidance does not relate to your particular investments sales revenues being higher than expected. It's rather how that drives the asset management revenues?
Gil Borok: Well, the incremental -- if there is an incremental, it's purely related to CBRE global investors and carried interest. That's got nothing to do with capital markets. So just to be clear, it's all about the potential for carried interest that we see as high. That's what's driving that comment about the flexibility of exceeding where we're at.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then last question, more big picture on leasing conditions. I don't want to put words in your mouth because it may not have been you guys have commented. But we have heard from, at least others, that second half leasing revenues, maybe it's just domestic, should be higher than first half, meaning growth rates should be higher. Do you think that's a fair assumption, and can you talk about outlook overseas as well?
Calvin W. Frese: Let me start in the Americas. We did, at the beginning of the year, forecast that the economy would improve during the year and leasing would get stronger as the year progressed. And really, notwithstanding the choppiness that we see today, anecdotally and from everything we see in market, we continue to believe the second half will be better. Job growth and improvement in housing are having impact on the consumer and the related specialties, particularly warehousing and retail sentiment, is improving based on what's happening in Europe. Sovereign debt issues and consumer confidence is actually higher today than 1 year ago and it's at a 5-year high. So with real estate fundamentals improving and the activity levels that we see, we really have a general confidence that the second half is going to be better.
Robert E. Sulentic: Will, I'd say, this is Bob. I'd say for EMEA, that's where we're at as well. We think that the second half should be better. London is such an important part of the business, not only for ourselves but for the companies we compete with over there. And there's reason to think that, that would improve in the second half. Germany, same thing. Obviously, Southern Europe, Spain, Italy is challenged, but that's not as big a part as our -- of our business. We're waiting to see what's going to happen in France, and in particular, in Paris. But I think, on balance, we think it should be a little better in EMEA in the second half. Asia Pacific is a little bit different story. The domestic companies and the domestic part of the economy is where there is more activity now and the global companies that operate there, the multinationals or the companies where we're seeing less activity, the global real estate companies like ourselves tend to do more of our business with those global companies. And as a result, we're less inclined to think that there's going to be a material pickup in the second half in Asia Pacific than we are here in the United States or in EMEA.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I'd guess, consensus thinking was the first 100 basis points increase in interest rates wouldn't have an impact on investment sales volumes. But I don't think anybody was thinking that, that would happen in such a brief amount of time. So just wondering historically what's been the effect of an interest rate shock on your investment sales in the next 3 to 6 months? Have potential buyers stepped away from the table?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it depends on the situation surrounding it. If it's akin to a pickup -- a material pickup in economic activity and the economy getting better, as my colleague Cal Frese likes to say, it's hard not to feel good about the things that improved economy would do in our business -- to our business. So we think if there's a material spike up in interest rates, it's probably going to be because there's a materially better view about what's going on in the economy. And so, we believe that, historically, that's kind of in the case. If there was something else going on beyond that, that wasn't tied to the economy then at some point that would be, in all probability, a drag on the capital markets because there are significant number of leverage buyers out there. It also though, always depends on what the alternative investment classes they are doing that are available to investors, and real estate is becoming an increasingly accepted investment class. Cal, I don't know if you would...
Calvin W. Frese: I would only say that what happened in June was abrupt, but anticipated. And I think the world was ready for it. I'm not saying it hasn't had any impact. But again, anecdotally, looking at our own volumes, and demand in the capital and the business, we seem to feel that's pretty good. I think people reasonably expect that interest rates could continue to rise, but so long as they do that in a way that people can anticipate and manage into their forward-looking outlooks, then it can cause a pause from time-to-time, but it is manageable. And we've seen this over every cycle.
Robert E. Sulentic: The other -- I think the other interesting about this, David, is that the place where we think we're most vulnerable to dampening an investment property's activity from increased interest rates is in the second tier markets. Because the first -- the primary markets around the world are being driven by other dynamics, the value of properties. So we think it's the second tier markets where you'll see the biggest impact from interest rates. Ironically, we also think it's the second tier markets where we'll see the biggest impact from an improved economy. So those 2 things really should offset each other to a degree. Obviously, if either into that gets extreme relative to the other, you're going to get results that reflect that.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then in Investment Management, would you expect that disposition is going to outweigh acquisitions in the second half as well?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, this year. Well, dispositions are going to be very material. There is a chance that we could ramp up acquisitions to be on par with dispositions. But the general repetition of our leadership team in the Investment Management business is that this is a year we're going to be harvesting because our clients want us to be harvesting. And then we think that starting next year, you'll see the opposite effect take place. But we are in an aggressive harvest mode because that's what the investors did. We work for one.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then when you look at the 2013 forecast that you put in your slides for absorption, all that -- all those forecasts were up. I think office was up 26 million square feet from 19 million last quarter. And so, I'm sort of wondering, if that forecast is realized, are we talking about -- and definitely heard your comments earlier on the call about pickup in leasing momentum, I'm just wondering how substantial that momentum could get? Are we talking about high single digit here or more sort of in the mid-single-digit range?
Calvin W. Frese: Yes, it's not high single digits. It's -- it'll be in the middle range, maybe improved over where we are. But remember, we're in the low single digit at this point in the U.S. in particular. And so I think there'll be some improvement with an improving economy, but not dramatic. And again, we believe we're outperforming the overall activity in the market and we believe that, that will continue as well.
Operator: At this time, there are no additional questions in queue. Please continue.
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay. Well, thanks everyone. And we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert E. Sulentic - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chairman of Acquisition Committee and Member of Executive Committee Jack Durburg - Global President of Transaction Services Gil Borok - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CBRE Quarter 1 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to our host, from CBRE, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q1 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. The conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled Forward-Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our first quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-K, in particular, any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Durburg, our Global President of Transaction Services business. I'll now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Nick. And please turn to Slide 4. CBRE had a good start to 2013 in what is traditionally our seasonally slowest period of the year. As you have seen from our news release, revenue, earnings and normalized EBITDA grew solidly despite continued sluggish pace to the global economic recovery and a high degree of investor and occupier caution that persists in many parts of the world. In this environment, CBRE continues to be well served by our broad geographic and product line footprint and the effectiveness of our people at working across these markets and business lines to create value for clients. Going forward, we will also benefit significantly from the series of debt refinancing actions undertaken in March, which Gil will describe in detail. These actions will lower our interest expense and increase our capacity to fund strategic initiatives and platform investments, while giving us greater flexibility to navigate market uncertainty. In the first quarter, revenue rose in every one of our global regions and major business lines. It was particularly gratifying to see strong double-digit revenue growth in the EMEA, a notable turnaround from last year's first quarter. This improvement partly reflects our preeminent position in the U.K., which continues to attract a disproportionate share of capital due to its safe haven status, and our ability to take advantage of modestly better market sentiment and activity on the European continent. Asia-Pacific also meaningfully improved on last year's first quarter, with notable gains in Greater China and Japan, while the Americas sustained good growth in all business lines. Looking at our global business lines, capital markets-based businesses again set the pace. Property sales revenue increased 21%, led by rebounds in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue improved 16%, fueled by continued strong U.S. investment activity, particularly in the multifamily sector. Increased investment activity in the U.S. and Europe contributed to a 12% rise in Appraisal & Valuation revenue. We also continue to see steady gains in our outsourcing line of business. Revenue grew in all regions, climbing 11% on a global basis. EMEA's performance was notably strong. In our Global Corporate Services business, which is our outsourcing services offering for occupiers, we signed 46 contracts in the quarter, including 22 with new clients. Ongoing sluggish job creation and occupier caution continue to temper leasing revenue performance. Growth in the EMEA and the Americas was partially offset by decline in activity in Asia-Pacific, resulting in a modest improvement on a global basis. A significant portion of the falloff in Asia-Pacific reflected continued occupier caution throughout the region, as well as the Japanese yen's depreciation against the dollar. Driving the growth of our transaction businesses, leasing, property sales and mortgage brokerage is a strategic priority for CBRE. Transactions are the historic foundation of our company and a key pillar of our future. Together, these businesses comprise about half of our total revenue, and we see substantial upside potential for them, particularly given CBRE's unique position in the global marketplace. To this end, about a year ago, we created a new position, Global President of Transaction Services, and we appointed Jack Durburg to fill this role. Jack previously ran our U.S. central region. He will join us now to describe the transaction businesses in greater detail and discuss our growth plans. He will also be available for questions. Jack?
Jack Durburg: Thanks, Bob, and please turn to Slide 5. Transaction services consist of 3 core businesses: Leasing representation on behalf of occupiers and investors. We have 4,100 professionals globally providing the service. Included among the occupier they serve are the more than 300 clients on a global corporate services business. Property sales, where we have 1,500 dedicated professionals. In the U.S., this business primarily consists of representing sellers, while in EMEA and Asia-Pacific, we represent both buyers and sellers. Mortgage brokerage, where we source debt for investors or sell loans for lenders, is almost entirely a U.S. business, where we have more than 100 professionals. We believe clients are best served through specialization and teamwork, so we organize the businesses around property type: Office, industrial, retail, multifamily and hotel, as well as geography, with collaboration across disciplines and markets in delivering service. As you can see from the chart, we are, by far, the most active sales and leasing firm, with nearly 190 billion of transaction volume in 2012. Our focus starts with the delivery of consistent, high-quality client service around the world. It is this focus that has led to CBRE's size and strong market position, and that continues to be the catalyst for the growth of our transaction services business. I think it's important to find quality service in the context of our transaction business. Transaction services entails sophisticated client advisory work. It is not just selling. While selling is an important element, it is underpinned by deep market knowledge and research, comprehensive and often complex analysis of alternatives, financial modeling, and thoughtful strategies developed by experienced and skilled professionals. This is all typically coupled with expertise in marketing and negotiations. In almost all cases today, you need collaboration among teams rather than individuals acting alone to deliver these services. In today's sophisticated marketplace, quality transaction services requires the resources and organizational scope to accomplish all of this and to execute at a consistently high level. CBRE is particularly well-suited to make this happen. Please turn to Slide 6. As strong as our market position is globally, we believe there is significant headroom for growth across all our geographic regions. In most local markets, we estimate that our brokerage market share across all property types rarely exceeds 10% to 15%. We take a systematic approach to identify areas with substantial growth opportunities and then actively target resources to capitalize on them. Our growth plan starts with leadership. Our management structure pairs dedicated geographic leaders, who have responsibility for all business lines within their markets, with business line leaders, who are subject matter experts within their disciplines. Together, these leaders partner to establish, develop and implement strategy. We have learned that strategy transcends geography. So our go-to-market strategy is essentially the same across all 3 regions, with distinct approaches for our leasing and sales businesses and consists of the following elements. It all starts with our clients. We focus closely on our existing clients and surround them with the depth and breadth of service that we believe other firms would find difficult to match. We nurture and grow these very important relationships through our client care and development program. Market segmentation and penetration analysis. We methodically identify areas in each business line across geographies, where we have opportunities to grow, and then develop action plans targeted at the most promising opportunities. Proactive business development. We proactively develop new business, both leasing and sales, with an approach that uncovers more opportunities across business lines and geographies. We supplement these efforts with best practice playbooks to ensure consistency of execution around the world. Managed brokerage. Our leaders use established sales management principles to ensure that we have the right team on the field for each opportunity. We do this by custom building teams of professionals with unique mix of skill sets required for each assignment. This gives us the best chance to win assignments and ultimately ensures that we are providing the very best service to our clients. Retention and recruiting. We want to have the best talents across all business lines in every market to ensure excellence in execution. We accomplish this by focusing time and resources on training and mentoring our existing professionals and providing them with the tools to help ensure that they are realizing their full potential. We augment our talent base through targeted recruitment of top professionals, who share our values and are attracted to our brand and platform. Lastly, we tile this together by driving global connectivity in a culture of collaboration with growing technology commitments. Ultimately, we believe this process provides us with more opportunities and a higher win rate. At the same time, as I described earlier, it also ensures that we are delivering the highest quality service to our clients, all of which helps drive increased market share. To cite one high-profile example of our work, CBRE is playing a pivotal role at the Hudson Yards Project on Manhattan's far west side. Earlier this month, we acted as agents for the site developers, related companies and Oxford Properties Group on 2 large leases: 400,000 square feet for L’Oreal and 115,000 square feet for SAP. We also represented L’Oreal in its lease and Coach in its purchase of 740,000 square feet at the development site. These transactions closed in April and are not reflected in our Q1 financial results. However, they are emblematic of our firm's tremendous influence in the marketplace and our clients' recognition of the service quality that is the hallmark of CBRE. Now I will turn the call over to Gil, who will take us through our Q1 performance.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Jack. Please advance to Slide 7. Total revenue was approximately $1.5 billion for the first quarter of 2013, up 10% from last year or 9% excluding discontinued operation. This increase is at the upper end of our expectations for long-term growth and was generally well balanced among service lines, with good growth around the world. Cost of services increased slightly to 58.4% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2013 versus 58.3% in the first quarter of 2012. First quarter 2013 operating expenses were 31.8% of total revenue, down from 32.6% in the first quarter of 2012. It should be noted that $10 million of integration and other costs related to the ING REIM acquisition were included in the first quarter of 2012 versus only $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2013. Excluding integration costs, operating expenses were 31.7% of revenue in the first quarter of 2013, very much in line with the first quarter of 2012 despite incremental investment in our operating platform. Interest expense was relatively flat versus the first quarter of 2012, given that our refinancing activities occurred late in the quarter. The write-off of the first financing cost related to our prior credit facility and certain financing costs incurred for the new credit facility resulted in an expense of $13.6 million, which has been normalized. In addition, $24.8 million of financing costs incurred in connection with the new credit facility were capitalized. Our first quarter 2013 tax rate was approximately 35%, as compared to 42% in the first quarter of 2012. This lower tax rate was largely the result of higher earnings in lower tax rate jurisdictions than in the first quarter of 2012. Our focus on the tax efficiency of our legal entity and operating structure continues, and our full year tax rate should approximate the rate for the first quarter. Depreciation and amortization expense was essentially unchanged, at approximately $46 million. Additional amounts in the first quarter of 2013, including those related to capital expenditures and to the first quarter of 2012 and to mortgage servicing rights, were masked by a similar amount of ING REIM, incentive reamortization expense in the first quarter of 2012, which did not recur in the current period. First quarter of 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.11, up from $0.08 in last year's first quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share improved to $0.16 in the first quarter of 2013 from $0.14 in the first quarter of 2012. Normalized EBITDA rose 7% to $161.3 million in the first quarter of 2013, resulting in a normalized EBITDA margin of 10.9%. The slight narrowing of margins was due to the benefit in last year's first quarter from higher income from asset sales primarily reflected in equity earnings in the Development Services business and better co-investment returns in the Global Investment Management business. In addition and as expected, the current quarter had higher cost associated with increased hiring in the Americas after the first quarter of 2012. Our combined regional services businesses saw a 40-basis point improvement in normalized EBITDA margin for the first quarter of 2013 versus the first quarter of 2012. Please turn to Slide 8. Property & Facilities Management revenue increased 11% for the quarter. It was once again our largest service line, representing 40% of total revenue. Leasing was our second largest service line comprised of 25% of total revenue for the quarter. Leasing growth was modest at 3%, reflecting continued occupied portion in many parts of the world. Investment sales grew by 21% in the first quarter of 2013, with notable strength in parts of EMEA and Asia-Pacific as activity recovers from the muted levels seen in the first quarter of 2012. Growth in Investment Management revenue increased 2% quarter-over-quarter. Appraisal & Valuation revenue increased 12% for the quarter paced by EMEA and the Americas. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue grew 16% year-over-year, reflecting continued vibrancy in U.S. investment markets, particularly the multifamily sector, where we enjoy an especially strong market position. Development Services revenue decreased 2% to $12.7 million. Recurring revenue comprised approximately 64% of total revenue for the first quarter of 2013. This includes revenue from leasing commissions from existing clients, property & facilities management fees, fees for assets under management and loan servicing fees, which are all largely recurring. Please turn to Slide 9. Global Corporate Services, or GCS, is our outsourcing business that provides services for occupiers, including transaction services, facilities and project management as well as strategic consulting. This business continued its consisting strong growth in the first quarter of 2013, with revenue increasing 12% globally and 13% in the Americas versus the first quarter of 2012. In the first quarter of 2013, GCS signed 22 contracts with new clients, including Honeywell in the Americas, Alcatel Lucent in Asia-Pacific, and the British Council, a government agency in the EMEA. International growth was strong with 2 new accounts 1 expansion and 1 renewal in EMEA and 2 new accounts in Asia-Pacific. In addition, 3 U.S.-based clients committed to expand their service contracts in overseas markets. We also saw strong growth in the government sector, with 4 new accounts, including recently the city of Stockton, California. Please turn to Slide 10, which shows steadily decreasing vacancy rates and positive absorption of all 3 market sectors for the quarter, along with continued expected recovery over the next 24 months. Average national cap rates remained relatively stable in the first quarter of 2013 versus both the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2012. Year-over-year volumes improved slightly in office and industrial. Please turn to Slide 11. The Americas' solid performance in the first quarter of 2013 was broadly based, with all major service line showing moderate to strong growth. Overall, revenue rose 10%. Investments sales revenue increased 9% in the first quarter of 2013. This quarter, we saw particularly good growth in Canada and Latin America, while the U.S. was relatively flat following a very strong fourth quarter 2012. Despite continued sluggish employment growth, leasing revenue rose by 5%. This performance reflects a slowly recovering market in which occupiers remain conservative about making space commitments and rent growth is modest. In general, Leasing volumes remain weak, and we believe our moderate growth suggests increased market share for CBRE. Our Americas Property & Facilities Management revenue grew by a solid 11% in the first quarter of 2013. Please turn to Slide 12. EMEA showed the best growth among our regions in the first quarter of 2013. Overall revenue growth was strong at 16%. This reflects both CBRE's premier place in large safe haven markets, which positions us well in this environment, and a moderate rebound of transaction activity. However, caution remains the operative word for investors and occupiers alike. Investment activity across Europe has continued to revive in the weak levels of a year ago. CBRE estimates that market-wide investment sales rose 11% during the first quarter of 2013. CBRE's investment sales significantly outstripped its pace with revenue up 44% year-over-year. Growth in Germany and the U.K. was particularly robust, with increases of more than 100% and 30%, respectively. Leasing revenue advanced 6% across the EMEA. Again, Germany exhibited very strong growth, reflecting its status as one Europe's key growth engines, with meaningful but lesser contributions from Belgium and the U.K. Property & Facilities Management revenue rose 15% in the EMEA, driven by project management fees and was our largest business within the region during the first quarter of 2013. We believe that we remain well positioned to capture increased business from the continued emergence of real estate outsourcing in Europe. Please turn to Slide 13. We reported solid revenue growth of 9% in Asia-Pacific, overcoming a generally cautious macro environment throughout much of the region and negative currency effects, which constrained growth in dollar terms. In local currencies, total revenue in Asia-Pacific was up 13%. Investment sales was the big driver of growth in the first quarter of 2013. Overall revenue from this business line jumped 61% compared with the subdued levels in last year's first quarter. Strength was evident across much of the region, including Australia, Greater China, Japan and Singapore. In contrast, leasing revenue softened 9%. Multinationals remain hesitant to make long-term space commitments, and demand is primarily being generated by domestic companies. Greater China saw high leasing revenue, which was more than offset by notable decrease in Japan. However, nearly half of the decline in Japan was due to the yen's appreciation against the U.S. dollar. Removing currency effects, leasing revenue was down 5% across all of Asia-Pacific. Property & Facilities Management revenue rose by 8% in the first quarter of 2013. Please turn to Slide 14. Revenue for Development Services segment, including discontinued operations, totaled $15.7 million in the first quarter of 2013 versus $14.9 million in the first quarter of 2012. However, normalized EBITDA declined to $7.8 million due to lower income from projects sales, primarily reflected in equity earnings in the first quarter of 2013. Development projects in process totaled $4.3 billion, up $100 million from year end 2012, but down $500 million from the first quarter of 2012. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled about $1.9 billion, down $200 million from year end 2012, but up $600 million from the first quarter of 2012. Our equity co-investments at the end of the first quarter of 2013 in the Development Services business totaled $73.5 million and our recourse debt stood at $15.3 million. Please turn to Slide 13. First quarter 2013 global Investment Management revenue increased to $127.3 million from $125.2 million in the first quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily due to the higher asset management fees in our global real estate securities business. Global investment management asset under management, or AUM, totaled $90.7 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2013, a decrease of $1.3 billion from year end 2012. The decrease for the quarter was primarily driven by foreign currency effects, which lowered AUM by $2.1 billion. The company completed $1.1 billion of acquisitions and takeovers during the quarter and $1.7 billion of dispositions. AUM increased by $100 million due to improved net asset value from the direct investment portfolio and by $1.3 billion from gains in the real estate securities portfolio. Included in the $90.7 billion of AUM at the end of the first quarter of 2013 was $24.9 billion of listed securities. During the first quarter of 2013, we raised new equity capital of approximately $500 million in the direct real estate business and had approximately $3 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $211.6 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on Slide 16. In the first quarter of 2013, we incurred $1.5 million of integration expenses related to the ING REIM acquisitions. As of March 31, 2013, we maintained the cumulative accrual of current interest compensation expense of approximately $44 million, which pertains to anticipated future carry interest revenue. This represents a decrease of $4 million from the fourth quarter of 2012 due to an income tax-related distribution. This business operated with a solid pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 32% for the first quarter of 2013. The decline from the first quarter of 2012 was partly due to lower co-investment returns in the current quarter, as well as severance payments. Slide 17, shows our liquidity position at March 31, 2013, as well as our amortization and debt maturities schedule for all outstanding corporate debt. As you will recall, in March 2013 we completed a series of refinancing transactions. We amended our credit agreement, which now provides for $750 million of partly delayed short-term loans and a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, nearly double the borrowing capacity we previously had under the revolver. We also sold $800 million of new 10-year 5% fixed rate senior unsecured notes. Here you can see the benefits of these transactions with maturities extending well into the future and very little debt coming due over the next 3 years. We plan to call the $450 million 11.625% senior subordinated notes due in 2017 in June of this year, as provided for in the related debt agreement. When these actions are complete, we will have reduced total corporate debt by about $500 million, and on a pro forma basis for 2012, would have reduced annual interest expense by approximately $50 million. With considerable liquidity and cash flow, as well as increased financial flexibility, we believe that we are well positioned to make strategic investments that will further our growth plans, while we continue to navigate through an uncertain recovery cycle. Please turn to Slide 18. Excluding cash within consolidated fund and other entities not available for company use and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the first quarter of 2013 was approximately $1.7 billion. This represents an increase of $198.6 million from year end. At the end of the first quarter of 2013, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 6.6%. This rate should decline to 4.9% once we draw down the additional $300 million of Term Loan A, and call the 11.625% senior subordinated notes. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis at the end of the first quarter of 2013 stood at 1.75x on a trending 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA stood at 1.9x. I will now turn the call back over to Bob for closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 19. With 3 months now in the books, we continue to view the opportunities ahead of us in 2013 favorably. While the macro recovery continues to be slower than previous ones, our leading presence in key global markets, broad high-quality product and service offering and strong flexible capital structure position us well to drive continued top and bottom line growth. We expect to achieve positive operating leverage, while making strategic investments in our people and platform. These investments are vital to further cementing CBRE's place as the global market leader. We believe that CBRE remains on course to achieve full year revenue growth in the mid- to high-single digits. Among our major services business lines, we expect investment sales to continue to grow strongly, fueled by low interest rates, investors continued search for yield and real estate acceptance as an institutional asset class. We expect outsourcing to sustain steady low double-digit growth as adoption continues to grow around the world. And we expect leasing activity to pick up as the year unfolds. Although lower results from our principal businesses in the first quarter, as well as planned increases in headcount in the Americas caused margins to narrow slightly versus the year-earlier period, we continue to expect margin improvement for the full year. We anticipate this will be driven by increased contributions in future quarters from our higher-margin transaction services and principal businesses, as well as our continued focus on calibrating operating expenses with revenue growth. In light of this, for all of 2013 we continued to expect adjusted earnings per share to improve in the range of 15% to 20%, coming in at $1.40 to $1.45 range for the year. Before we end today's call, I want to note that the people of CBRE send our thoughts, prayers and best wishes to our clients, employees and friends in the Boston area. The people of that city have shown remarkable resiliency. CBRE extends its sympathies to the victims of last week's senseless act, and we applaud the first responders and everyone in law enforcement, who assisted with this terrible situation. With that, operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the margin issue, sales, leasing and mortgage brokerage were all kind of up year-over-year and those tend to be sort high incremental margin businesses. So you'd mentioned hiring kind of weighing on things. Can you talk a little bit about the type of hiring, what the timeline is for perhaps the type of hires you made to produce income and just what the impact of that was?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, we can, Anthony. Thanks. This is Bob. We hired people to support our technology platform. We hired people in the area that supports our brokerage business, both of which we had focused on late last year in our comments and thought that it was important to make those investments. It's notable that additional investments we made in people will play out ratably over the year. That's not the case for our revenues, obviously. So the impact of these new hires and these incremental cost are more significant in the first quarter, given the lower revenue, than they will be as the year wears on.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But are those folks revenue producers or -- because it sounds like you mentioned a couple of areas of support, or is it just the idea that, that support will allow the producers to do better? I'm just trying to understand that.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, we certainly hired new revenue producers. But the people I'm talking about are not revenue producers. They're support folks.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the balance sheet, the financing activity that you guys undertook in March, how did that tie to what you'd included in your guidance originally?
Gil Borok: Yes, Anthony, it's Gil. With minimal breakage, so to speak, it pretty much was considered in the guidance. So it obviously didn't play out exactly as we planned it, but bottom line, it is considered in the guidance.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last question I had. You mentioned in some of your comments in the press release about the balance sheet moves and the ability to make strategic and operational investments. So just curious if you could comment on what the acquisition pipeline may look like or what you're seeing out there on the deal side and/or whether or not the balance sheet activity and strength has gotten any closer to perhaps considering a buyback or some other use of cash like that?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, I'll let Gil comment on the buyback. But in terms of the strategic activity or the M&A activity, as is always the case, we're in the market for infill acquisitions, and we consider that a core competency. We look for those opportunities in all of our business lines, in all of our regions of the world. We'll do that this year, as we always do. In terms of bigger strategic opportunities, those are less frequent. We believe they will still arise from time to time. And I think it's worth remembering, sometimes, people look back and think, wow, there was a lot of these big strategic deals going on at one point, and that isn't the case now. The reality of it is, those big game-changing strategic deals have been coming along about every 5 years. So it was about 2001 that the Insignia acquisition happened. About 2006, 5 years later, the Trammell Crow Company acquisition happened. 2011, late the year before last, the ING acquisition happened. We think those big opportunities will be out there, and we continue to look for them. But on a regular ongoing basis, we have our people around the world and across our business lines looking for infill acquisitions. And we do believe that the balance sheet actions that were taken in the first quarter certainly make it easier to do that.
Gil Borok: And then just following on from that, Anthony, I would say that, as I've said many times before, we don't have a menu that excludes any use of cash. Buyback is on the menu. But at the moment, as it has been for some time, it's pretty low down. We would conserve cash and capacity to do the types of things that Bob was talking about, whether that be infill or strategic M&A, whether that be co-investments in our principal businesses and/or whether that be debt pay down before we would consider doing something on the equity side.
Operator: Next question today comes from the line of Brandon Dobell representing William Blair.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Turning to the Property Services business for a second. How should we think about the puts and takes on square footage growth? It hasn't been that significant for several quarters now. Obviously the revenue growth has been there, but the square footage has been kind of stuck in kind of minimal growth range. Can you get that up to a kind of 5% or 10% number? Or is low single digits the right way to think about it? And then if that is the case, this 10% plus growth rate we're seeing, how are you guys getting to that? Is it just cross-sell or is it more value-added services, or was it pricing?
Gil Borok: Brandon, it's Gil. Let me just take the square footage question, which has been -- first of all, when you see the chart, there is rounding. But there has been perhaps less growth than when you look back 4 or 5 years. And I think the crux of the question was how do you tie that to the revenue growth? Well, when we look at the Global Corporate Services business and quote a 12% growth rate globally and 15% in the Americas, that includes the entire business, which I think you'll recall includes transaction management, where we've seen accelerated growth in more recent years. That obviously doesn't translate into square footage. We're also seeing good growth in project management, and that doesn't translate into square footage. So it's really facilities management for occupiers and property management for landlords, that revenue would have a correlation to square footage. And then I remind you that asset services is 2/3 of the $3 billion under management, and that's growing a lot slower. So there isn't -- it's not apples-to-apples. The portion of the business, the facilities management portion of the business, that is growing faster under GCS is correlating better, that subset is correlating better to revenue.
Robert E. Sulentic: There's additional point there that's worth making, Brandon, and that is, that on the property management or asset services side, we've ramped up very significantly over the last couple of years a premier properties initiative. A lot of the new wins that we've had have been in this premier properties class, which tends to be high-end office buildings around the world, which tends to generate higher revenues per square foot than some of the things that were in our portfolio historically. So that's been a very nice shift in product mix that helps on the revenue and profitability side but doesn't show up in the square footage measures.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. Back to the business review day, and a little bit on the fourth quarter call, you talked about kind of linking more the services or the service lines together in a number of ways, just trying to be one-firm face to the client. Has there been any change in terms of how people are compensated based on that goal of trying to get more, I'm going to call it cross-sell, to use a loose term. Has the organization kind of rethought how the compensation models should work or could work as you guys try and integrate things more closely?
Robert E. Sulentic: We've thought about that, Brandon, and the reality of it is there's so many places with so many clients that you have to connect your people around the world now and across product lines to serve these clients that it would be impossible to come up with a compensation model that are on a rifle-shot basis awarded incremental comp to people who cooperated with each other. And we explicitly addressed that and decided not to do that. We talked to our people about it. So we get at it in 2 ways. Number one, we really aggressively push and preach the notion here that the way you'll be compensated for this is that the whole firm will do better. We'll serve our clients better. We'll land more clients. And in the long run, everybody will benefit. And I think that there's been a lot of buy-in to that notion in our company. The other thing we do that's much more direct and explicit is among our management team, the people that run the business, people that do a better job of generating coordination around the company and collaboration are the people that get promoted. They're the people that get the good assignments, and they're the people that become the bigger leaders in the company. And that's become a very prominent notion within the enterprise.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Gil, in terms of capital spending or any kind of moment on the pension or any kind of accrual things that'll change kind of how they give out the free cash flow this year, anything to think about out of the ordinary?
Gil Borok: No, Brandon. I think there's nothing that strikes me as -- that's worth mentioning on that front.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then a final one for me is as we think about headcount additions for the balance of the year, should we think about the same kind of pacing in incremental additions that we saw in the first quarter? Should it slow down, focus more on revenue producers versus support people? Any kind of color would be great.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, again, Brandon, I want to -- this is an important point, and I want to stress it because I don't want it to be missed. The kind of quarterly run rate of these incremental investments we've made in the platform, so to speak, the nonproducing part of the business that supports the producing part, that impact in absolute dollars should be roughly the same and, frankly, may even go slightly down on a quarter-to-quarter basis against ever-growing revenues. So the impact you'll see from that will diminish over the course of the year. And in terms of market-facing hires, particularly in our transaction or brokerage businesses, we have very aggressive plans there, and I'm going to let Jack comment on that because he is quarterbacking that for us globally.
Jack Durburg: Sure. Brandon, as you know we're always looking to bring new talent into the firm, and we do that consistently. So we are increasing the productivity of our producers, and we're bringing in new talent on a regular basis across all 3 regions.
Operator: Question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch. [Operator Instructions]
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. Just very impressive growth in the EMEA region this quarter. I'm wondering how sustainable that is, and how optimistic are you about investment sales volumes in that region to the full year?
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay, I'm going to comment generally, and then again I'm going to ask Jack to comment on investment sales because he is closest to our transactional business. But in general, we're expecting a better year this year versus last year in EMEA. The growth rates that you saw in the first quarter were pretty strong, and it's always important to caution 2 things. Number one, the first quarter is a small quarter, so relatively small numbers can have big percentage impact. And we saw some really big percentage impact. They did a really, really nice job in the first quarter in EMEA. But those kind of growth numbers, I don't think you can extrapolate throughout the course of the year. We'd love to see them, and we think our team is going to have a nice year in EMEA, but I don't think you can extrapolate those kind of growth numbers across the year because, a, it's one quarter and, b, it's a small quarter. We think it's going to be a better year, though, than last year. Jack, you might want to comment on the expectations for investment sales.
Jack Durburg: Sure. Thanks, Bob. Well said. We do believe that there's going to be moderate improvement throughout the rest of the year, notwithstanding the difficult environment throughout Europe. There's still a lot of capital, cross-border capital chasing safety and core assets. I think one important point to note around the growth of our -- in our first quarter was the addition of Franc Warwick, who made a significant impact, and that was a recruitment that we made in 2012, the results of which we're seeing in the first quarter. So going forward, cautious optimism around the sale side. Right now most of the activity is still core assets in core markets, really with a flight to safety. Hopefully, as this market stabilizes and moderately improves, we may see then our investors chasing a little bit more yield and moving out of those core markets, but we really haven't seen much of that yet.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then on the -- I'll take another cut on the Americas investment. Can you size what Americas EBITDA margin would've been up x the platform investments with this kind of 100 basis points drag or 200 basis points drag, or can you kind of bucket the rough size?
Gil Borok: That's hard for me to do off the cuff. I wasn't expecting that question. But I -- the investment on people was in the, call it, in the -- maybe this will be helpful for you, in the $3 million to $5 million range.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then last one for me. Can you talk about the -- I was a little bit surprised to see the Global Investment Management Assets Under Management down. Can you talk about the capital raising plans you have for that segment in 2013?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, David. First of all, it's important to note that the FX impact alone took the Assets Under Management from what would have been slightly positive to negative over the course of the quarter. We also are doing exactly what our clients in that business want us to do and that is we're selling assets because it's a very good time to be selling assets. So the combination of those 2 things is really what accounted for that decline. We expect this to be a very good year in terms of new capital raising and materially better than last year.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just remind us what you had last year, if you have that number?
Gil Borok: In '12, I don't have it.
Robert E. Sulentic: I think it was net of the securities business, I think it was between $3 billion and $3.5 billion.
Gil Borok: Sounds about right, yes.
Operator: Mr. Marks, your line is open.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Actually, let's start with Jack. On transactions in -- I guess it was Bob that pointed leasing should pick up for the year off of the 3% first quarter. Why would you think it would -- what makes you -- you have a lot more knowledge than we do, so what gives you that idea?
Jack Durburg: Sure. Well, obviously, that's a global number that you just stated, right?
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Right.
Jack Durburg: So you really have to look at it region-by-region to answer the question. We do believe that in the Americas, we are moderately improving. And so that's part of the answer. In EMEA, as well as difficult as it is in that environment, we do believe the second half of the year will be better than the first half, and there may be some moderate improvements there as well. In Asia-Pacific, difficult environment. Currently, the multinationals are slow to make decisions. A lot of the activity is from domestic firms, but we do believe that, going through the course of '13, that there'll be some moderate improvement in leasing activity there as well. So when you roll that all up together, the global outlook is moderate improvement.
Robert E. Sulentic: Will, this is Bob. I think the -- just in a nutshell, we believe business confidence around the world is going to grow somewhat as the year wears on. And when business people are confident in their businesses, they tend to lease space, and when they're nervous, they don't. And leasing decisions can be turned off and on pretty quickly. So if we're wrong about business confidence growing, then we'll be wrong about our enthusiasm for the leasing business growing as the year moves on.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Another question on margin. I'm not going to -- I think you pretty made it clear why there's an upside and why the first quarter was maybe a little weaker than we would have thought. Was there anything -- I guess it's a quick question. First quarter '12, is the number as reported or was there any anomaly in that quarter?
Gil Borok: So, Will, on the normalized basis, it's apples-to-apples. But I think we didn't -- it hasn't been as highlighted in the Q&A, but certainly in our prepared remarks, we did talk about the principal businesses also having an impact on margin. That was normal activity, and I'm talking about normalized margin. So we had higher equity earnings in the prior year in the development business than we had co-investment returns in the investment management business that will hire to the tune of $3 million to $4 million. And that's the other reason that we've got margin compression. And again, in the first 90 days of the year, that type of amount makes an impact, a bigger impact on margin dealing with a smaller base.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then just a couple of below the line, below the EBITDA line questions that you're usually okay answering. On interest expense for the full year, you may have given this and I missed it on the call, but can you give us some sense of what the full year number should look like?
Gil Borok: Yes, I can. And it's going to change quarter-by-quarter, obviously going down each quarter, particularly after we call the 11.625% notes in June. So the full year number is going to be around $145 million, but it's not going to be ratable. It'll still be around $40 million in Q2 and then around $30 million in each of 3 and 4.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question. D&A, is the first quarter a run rate?
Gil Borok: Yes, it is a run rate. You're looking on the P&L, on the press release, you're seeing $46 million. The normalized equivalent is around $40 million, both of which is indicative of the year. So it's $46 million GAAP per quarter, $40 million normalized per quarter.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just, Gil, on that principal business comment. Putting aside the first quarter, do you also expect that to be up year-over-year from last year for the full year?
Gil Borok: Well, in answer that question, let me split the Development Services business from Global Investment Management. We said, or we have said, that Development Services would not be as strong as it was in 2012. We had a few large sales in '12 that aren't going to recur, and that has a lot to do with starts and when -- the downturn in '08 and '09, we've been harvesting certain projects that were held for a little while, but the stocks have been down in more recent years. It's going to take a little while for that business to get back to normal activity. So bifurcating that from Global Investment Management on the other hand, where we see moderate improvement, you've got to remember that '12 was obviously a significant improvement, when we added in ING REIM for the full year. We don't have that going for us this year. We do have some tension in Europe with regard to the situation there. That is impacting the business. On the other, we've got more robust activity in the U.S. So all in all, moderate improvement in that business, development clearly will be down.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a couple of other ones. You'd mentioned in your opening remarks about some of the growth in Leasing came by way of share. Can you give us a sense as to what just the market, I guess, like, commission pot, for maybe a lack of a better term, what that change was year-over-year?
Robert E. Sulentic: Sure. Well, as you know, tracking leasing is not quite as transparent as tracking sales, right? So it's not as much of an exact science. We do the best we can. There are firms out there like a CoStar, as an example, that I would say that the market actually was down significantly quarter-over-quarter. We believe that it was down slightly, and yet we were able to grow our revenues there by picking up share. One of the reasons for that, of course, I think is the change in buyer behavior, actually. Our clients now are buying in a more consolidated manner as opposed to a one-off manner. And we are well positioned to win that business and to service that business. And so we are taking share, as a result, from some of our competitors.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just one last question. I think and maybe this was in the press release. I think you mentioned that in facilities some project management activity and perhaps Europe maybe helped there. And I was just curious what the magnitude of something like that is. Do you see -- is revenue like that that's project-managed, and does it tend to have as much duration or is it more or less recurring than sort of the rest of facilities business? Like we should think about any adjustments that we should make there?
Robert E. Sulentic: The project management revenue is less recurring than the facilities management revenue, and probably roughly comparably recurring with the transaction management revenue that we do for our Global Corporate Services customers. And I don't think that I would try to read too much into what might go on for the rest of the year relative to that project management work in Europe. First of all, it's not a dominant number. It's material to first quarter when it happens. But if the same thing happened in the third or fourth quarter, it wouldn't have a comparable effect on our numbers.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time.
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay. Thanks, everyone, and we'll talk to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert E. Sulentic - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director William F. Concannon - Chief Executive Officer of Global Corporate Services Gil Borok - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division David Gold - Sidoti & Company, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CBRE Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Nick Kormeluk, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CBRE's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q4 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today, and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled Forward-Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only, and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements you may hear today. Please refer to our fourth quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular, any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Participating with me today are Bob Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Concannon, the Chief Executive Officer of our Global Corporate Services business. I'll now turn the call over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Nick, and please turn to Slide 4. CBRE's performance rebounded strongly in the final quarter of 2012. Following a sluggish Q3, activity improved in virtually all business lines, particularly our capital markets businesses. All 3 global operating regions delivered solid top line growth with especially strong results in the Americas. The positive turn in performance reflects improved market sentiment, which has fluctuated throughout the current recovery, as well as CBRE's distinct advantages as the global market leader. Revenue for the year set a new milestone at $6.5 billion, and both earnings and normalized EBITDA exhibited strong growth. Our full year normalized EBITDA margin of 14.1% was the highest since 2007 and increased 50 basis points over 2011. These achievements in a year of economic and market uncertainty are a testament to the strength and diversity that comes from our geographic footprint and broad product offering, our brand and our people's talents for collaborating to create value for our clients. Please turn to Slide 5. Global business line highlights for the quarter include: a 22% increase in global property sales revenue as we completed single-asset and portfolio sales valued at more than $1 billion in several markets, including Berlin and Frankfurt, Moscow, New York, Seattle and Silicon Valley. Sales activity was especially strong in the Americas, rising 32%. Despite Europe's weak economic growth and continued financial stress, property sales in EMEA rose 13%, aided by robust performance in the United Kingdom. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue improved 38%, fueled by continued strong U.S. loan origination activity. In a generally soft market, leasing revenue grew 5%, led by the Americas and Asia Pacific. Outsourcing continued its strong growth. Overall revenue rose 13% as all 3 global regions posted double-digit increases. As you will hear from Bill Concannon shortly, we signed a record number of new Global Corporate Services contracts and aggressively expanded our scope of services for existing clients in 2012. Investment Management revenue, excluding discontinued operations and normalized EBITDA, grew 18% and 48%, respectively, as a result of higher incentive fees, as well as increased asset management fees, which benefited from a full quarter of ING REIM Europe contributions. As the market enters its fourth year of slow recovery, we expect conditions to continue to improve gradually, tracking the performance of the global economy. While we are encouraged by positive underlying trends in the U.S. and China and the easing of credit market tensions in Europe, the pace of recovery remains subpar, and investors and occupiers alike are still managing their businesses cautiously. As you would expect, we continue to diligently manage our own day-to-day expense base while making strategic investments in our people and platform that we believe will enhance our client services and position us for long-term profitable growth. Some of the most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on Slide 6. As is our typical process, I will not go through them individually, but we have included them for your review. Starting this quarter, we will be having one of our senior executives join the call to give you a deeper dive into their business. This is something we've done from time-to-time in the past and will now make a regular feature of our calls. Our goal is twofold: One, to provide you with more insight into our key lines of business; and two, to give you an opportunity to ask these executives questions. Bill Concannon, CEO of Global Corporate Services, our occupier outsourcing business, will join us today. We've decided to begin with Global Corporate Services because it is a complex business that cuts across most of our geographies and a number of our service lines. Global Corporate Services is also a large business, with annual revenues of about $1.5 billion. It has been growing at a rate in the mid-teens for the past few years, and it services many of our largest clients. And we see significant growth opportunities ahead because the outsourcing concept for real estate occupiers is still relatively young, and we are extremely well positioned to benefit from its growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill, who will describe the business and the opportunities in more detail.
William F. Concannon: Thanks, Bob, and please turn to Slide 7. Global Corporate Services is CBRE's occupier outsourcing business. We provide these occupiers with tailored real estate solutions. Our clients include corporations ranging from the biggest Fortune 500 companies to growing mid-cap enterprises, health care providers, public sector institutions and others. We provide 4 core services for these occupier clients: portfolio and transaction services, facilities management, project management and strategic consulting. On our income statement, the variable portion of portfolio and transaction services rolls into our leasing and property sales revenue lines, while project management and facilities management, even the reimbursed portion of portfolio and transaction services, rolls into Property & Facilities Management revenue. Strategic consulting is a small contributor to all 3 revenue lines. We have more than 300 Global Corporate Services clients, all of them served under contracts of at least 1 year, and most for multiple years. We also enjoy a very high renewal rate with these clients. These clients' contracts range from integrated full-service global clients to a contract where we provide a single service for a period of 1 year or more, such as managing a complex construction project. We have a very strong leadership team and more than 13,000 employees in Global Corporate Services, many of them working on-site with our clients as an integral part of their real estate team. As Bob indicated, our business has been growing strongly, and 2012 was our best year ever for total contracts signed. We set new records for wins, expansions and renewals. We continue to sign new contracts at an impressive clip in the fourth quarter. Most notably, we completed the most contract expansions ever, both in a single quarter and full year, reflecting our sharp focus on broadening our scope of services for existing clients. Opportunities in newer, relatively untapped market sectors are also gaining momentum. In 2012, we experienced solid growth in the health care and government sectors, both of which are looking for innovative solutions to cost pressures. We also continue to see opportunities outside of the U.S., where outsourcing by real estate occupiers is typically in the very early stages, as well as for global mandates. Please turn to Slide 8. Macro trends remain favorable for our Global Corporate Services business and should help us to drive future growth. The size of Global Corporate Services' potential market for outsourcing by real estate occupiers has been estimated at more than $50 billion by McKinsey. They estimate market penetration to be at $10 billion, leaving significant headroom for growth. New occupier markets and sectors embracing real estate outsourcing continue to emerge. As mentioned earlier, one of the most exciting is health care. Hospital bed managed by CBRE have increased 40% in the past 2 years to more than 9,800 as health care providers have been driving hard-to-find efficiencies. We believe this trend will only intensify in the years ahead as the federal Affordable Care Act takes full effect. Changes in corporate management structures also bode well for us. Despite the steady growth we've seen over the past several years, the fact is that many large companies still manage their real estate decision-making on a decentralized basis. As the pace of centralization picks up, it opens up more opportunities for third-party real estate service providers to serve more of their global portfolios, and CBRE is one of a handful of firms well positioned for these opportunities. Finally, supply chain optimization and the rise of strategic sourcing creates significant opportunities for us. In our Facilities Management business, we manage more than $20 billion in total vendors spend for clients. We are highly focused on helping them find ways to reduce their cost and add value, which can result in a meaningful upside to us in the form of incentive fees tied to performance goals. Our Global Corporate Services business enters 2013 with strong momentum and a large pipeline of opportunities, both with existing and new clients. And we continue to be very excited about our future prospects. I will now turn the call over to Gil, who will discuss CBRE's fourth quarter performance.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Bill. Please advance to Slide 9. Total revenue was approximately $2 billion for the fourth quarter of 2012, up 14% from last year. This increase was driven by growth in virtually all businesses and service lines. Normalized EBITDA was $351.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, resulting in a normalized EBITDA margin of 17.5%. This margin is slightly lower than last year's fourth quarter, which benefited significantly from more sizable Development Services gains on project sales. Cost of services decreased to 56.4% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus 57.2% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding $20 million of cost containment expenses in the fourth quarter of 2011, cost of services was 56.1% of revenue. Fourth quarter 2012 operating expenses were 29.8% of total revenue versus 34.2% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding $45 million of integration and other costs related to the ING REIM acquisition and $11.1 million of cost containment expenses, fourth quarter 2011 operating expenses were 31% of revenue. Included in the fourth quarter 2012 operating expenses was $25 million of impairments of assets in our principle businesses involving final resolution of assets acquired before the financial crisis. Much of this was attributable to non-controlling interests, which substantially reduced the impact on normalized EBITDA. Interest expense was relatively flat in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Our fourth quarter 2012 tax rate was approximately 33%. This lower tax rate was primarily the result of the benefit from previously unavailable foreign income tax credits that can be utilized to offset U.S. federal income taxes on foreign sourced earnings in the near future. We realized this outcome due to our continued focus on the tax efficiency of our legal entity and operating structure. Our full year 2012 tax rate was approximately 35%, and we expect this rate to be similar in 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense increased $8.9 million in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to depreciation of recent increased IT-related capital expenditures, including those incurred in the integration of ING REIM. Fourth quarter 2012 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.53 versus $0.25 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.55 in the fourth quarter of 2012, which was up 20% as compared to $0.46 in the fourth quarter of 2011. Please advance to Slide 10. We have included the full year comparison of key financial measures for your benefit, but we'll not discuss them further except to note that we did achieve 10% revenue growth and a 50-basis-point increase in full year normalized EBITDA margin versus 2011. EBITDA margin is a metric we watch closely as a proxy for our ability to control costs. Please turn to Slide 11. Leasing was our largest service line in the quarter, representing 31% of total revenue. Notwithstanding soft market conditions, this business generated 5% growth globally versus the fourth quarter of 2011. This brought full year 2012 leasing revenues in line with full year 2011, which was not the case at the end of the third quarter. Property & Facilities Management was our second largest service line in the fourth quarter of 2012, representing 30% of total revenue in the quarter, with a strong 13% increase over the fourth quarter of 2011. As Bill noted, this is where much of our Global Corporate Services revenue is concentrated, and Global Corporate Services is the most rapidly growing component of this revenue category. Investment sales growth accelerated by 22% in the fourth quarter of 2012 relative to the fourth quarter of 2011. Appraisal & Valuation revenue increased 9% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011, led by the Americas and Asia Pacific. Global Investment Management revenue increased 20% quarter-over-quarter, driven by increases in asset management and incentive fees. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue grew 38% from the fourth quarter of 2011, driven by continued capital availability, investors' appetite for high relative yields and increased competition among lenders. It should be noted that this is primarily a U.S.-based business where investment activity and sentiment, particularly in the multi-family sector, remains stronger than in other parts of the world. Development Services revenue increased 73% to $30.3 million, primarily as a result of higher incentive fees. Recurring revenue comprised approximately 55% of total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2012. This includes revenue from leasing commissions from existing clients, Property & Facilities Management fees, fees for assets under management and loan servicing fees, which are all largely recurring. Please turn to Slide 12. We have included this slide for your convenience, and it shows our service line revenue comparisons on a full year basis. Please turn to Slide 13, which demonstrates steadily decreasing vacancy rates and positive absorption in all 3 market sectors depicted, along with forecasted improvement over the next 24 months. Average national office cap rates came down 20 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the third quarter of 2012, and 40 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to continued strength in core property sales. Please turn to Slide 14. The Americas region showed very strong overall revenue growth, up 16% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011, driven by contributions from all major service lines. Investment sales revenue in the Americas jumped by 32% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011, driven by the attractive yield still available from core market activity and by investors hurrying to close transactions before year end, an annual ritual that was magnified in 2012 by the potential for higher capital gains tax rates in the U.S. CBRE once again held the #1 position in the U.S. investment market for the fourth quarter and the full year 2012 according to Real Capital Analytics. Leasing activity picked up again this quarter, posting a 7% revenue increase in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011, reflective of continued moderate job growth and market share gains. Our Americas outsourcing revenue grew by a strong 13% in the fourth quarter of 2012. It is notable that fourth quarter 2012 revenue growth outpaced full year 2012 growth in all 3 major service lines. Please turn to Slide 15. Total EMEA revenue increased 7% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. This was an 8% increase in local currency, which is indicative of the fact that foreign currency exchange was not nearly as impactful in the fourth quarter of 2012 as it was in the third quarter of 2012. We are pleased with this result considering the ongoing broad economic weakness across Europe in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year growth in investment sales revenue rebounded strongly in the fourth quarter of 2012 with a 13% increase. The strength was driven by the United Kingdom, where a combination of stronger general market activity and CBRE's ability to capture more market share led to a revenue increase of 31%; and to a lesser degree, higher revenue in Switzerland and Germany. Leasing revenue was flat in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Positive growth in the United Kingdom was offset by weak performance on the continent. EMEA outsourcing revenue increased a healthy 17% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Please turn to Slide 16. Our total revenue in Asia Pacific this quarter was up 7% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Improved performance in Australia, Singapore, India and China contributed to the region's overall revenue growth. Property sales revenues declined 1% in the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, driven by China, where deal flow was constrained by a lack of product availability. However, leasing revenue in Asia Pacific increased 7%, led by Australia, China and Singapore. Demand was generally driven by domestic clients. Outsourcing revenue improved by 13% in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Please turn to Slide 17. Revenue for the Development Services segment totaled $33.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus $22.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 due to higher incentive fees. However, fourth quarter 2012 normalized EBITDA declined to $35.6 million due to lower gains from project sales versus the prior year quarter. Such gains do not flow through revenue. At the end of the fourth quarter 2012, in process development totaled $4.2 billion, down $700 million from the end of 2011. And the pipeline totaled $2.1 billion, up $900 million from the end of 2011. Our equity co-investments at the end of 2012 in the Development Services business totaled $70.5 million, and our recourse debt and repayment guarantees stood at $16.1 million. Please turn to Slide 18. Fourth quarter 2012 Global Investment Management revenue increased to $124.2 million from $107.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase resulted from higher incentive fees, as well as higher asset management fees, largely stemming from the inclusion of ING REIM Europe for a full quarter. Please turn to Slide 19. Assets under management, or AUM, totaled $92 billion at the end of 2012, up $1.6 billion from the third quarter of 2012. This was comprised of increases of $1.6 billion from acquisitions, $900 million from net asset value changes and $700 million due to positive currency fluctuations, partly offset by dispositions and transfers of $1.6 billion. Included in the $92 billion in AUM at the end of 2012 was $23.6 billion of listed securities. This represents an increase of $1.4 billion from the third quarter of 2012, which resulted primarily from value appreciation in this portfolio. During 2012, we raised new equity capital of approximately $3.8 billion in the direct real estate business and had approximately $3.6 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our co-investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $211.5 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on Slide 20. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we incurred $5.9 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisitions, primarily for retention, severance and information technology. As of December 31, 2012, the company maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $48 million, an increase of $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue and is illustrative of portfolio value increases. This business operated with a solid pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 24% for the fourth quarter of 2012 and 30% for the full year of 2012. Slide 21 shows our liquidity position at December 31, 2012, as well as our amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding corporate debt. The latter is virtually unchanged from last quarter. With considerable liquidity and cash flow, we remain very comfortable with our debt maturity schedule and the flexibility it provides, including as it relates to our $450 million senior subordinated notes that are callable in June 2013. Please turn to Slide 22. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of 2012 was approximately $1.5 billion. This represents a decrease of $126.2 million from the fourth quarter of 2011. At the end of the fourth quarter 2012, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.6%, unchanged from the end of the third quarter of 2012 when including interest rate swaps. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.4x at the end of 2012 on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA stood at 1.7x. I will now turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 23. Our performance in the fourth quarter and strong full year growth at a time of continuing economic challenges reflects the many strengths that have led CBRE to the market-leading position in our industry, including our deep pool of professional talent; our deep, diverse and loyal client base; our well-recognized and highly regarded brand; our unmatched geographic and service line footprint; and our capacity and willingness to make strategic investments that enhance our services to clients and position us for continued growth. With market conditions continuing to improve slowly and systemic threats to the global economy lessening, our view of 2013 is on the positive side of the lever -- ledger. It is also an opportune time to modestly increase investment in our platform. We expect to partly offset any above-normal platform investments through continued, rigorous management of our day-to-day cost structure, lower interest expense and tax savings. Accordingly, we expect the impact of these investments on the bottom line to be muted. These investments will enable our people to work more efficiently and collaborate more effectively and will help us sustain our growth for years to come. For 2013, we expect global revenue to increase at a mid- to high-single-digit rate, consistent with our long-term historical performance. We anticipate this growth to once again be paced by the Americas, with Asia Pacific rebounding and EMEA still being challenged by a weak macro environment. Among our global business lines, we expect moderate leasing growth to be closely tied to the performance of the global economy. We anticipate that property sales will increase in line with improving fundamentals, and outsourcing will continue to grow in the low double digits. In light of these expectations and factoring in anticipated higher depreciation and amortization expense, we anticipate generating full year 2013 EPS in the range of $1.40 to $1.45. This implies a solid growth rate of 15% to 20% as compared to 2012 while once again producing the industry-leading normalized EBITDA margins you have come to expect of us. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My first question is on leasing. It seemed like the evidence was that leasing volumes in general were down in the fourth quarter, but both you guys and JLL ended up doing pretty well. And it seemed like you picked up share. So I guess, a, is that really the case? And then b, where do you think that share came from? And how sustainable do you see that as being?
Robert E. Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. The -- we do believe we picked up share. We do believe JLL probably picked up share as well. And where it came from probably is our smaller competitors. Whether or not it's sustainable depends on whether or not we can continue to do the kind of job we're doing on behalf of our clients. We're going to certainly try to do that. We're investing aggressively in the business to make sure we do that. We're supporting our professionals. We think we have the industry-leading professionals in that area. So we expect that we'll be able to continue the trend of growing our leasing business. I can tell you, it's certainly a big focus here, and we have the right people to get that done.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And on the leasing side, as you look into 2013, one thing we hear often times is in the office category, tenants increasingly pushing to cut costs, push more people into a given amount of space and so forth. Do you see that as being -- a, do you see it out there? And b, is that something you think is cyclical with just still a fairly tough macro backdrop? Or do you think that's a longer-term headwind we should watch for that could keep some lid on leasing?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it's definitely cyclical. When companies are uncertain or companies feel like they're under pressure, they control costs more aggressively. And one of the costs they focus on is their leases. But in addition to that, there is no doubt that things are changing. What makes the notion of alternative workspace real is really 2 things: Number one, it's the notion of a more paperless world. And number two, it's the notion of connectivity and wirelessness on the technology side. And all of that stuff is happening. And so what you're seeing is people that are very mobile with their office space and coming up with alternative designs for office space that allow them to move around, share space, so on and so forth. So that's a very real trend. We see it with a lot of clients. We're doing it in our own spaces around the world. And by the way, I think the younger generation of workers coming in is pushing all of us in that direction.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of other things as it relates to guidance. Can you comment at all on just things like backlog of development gains that may exist, that we may see a pickup in, say, 2013, that might be in the numbers? And along the same lines, in Investment Management, it seems like you guys have been booking some carried interest accruals on the expense side. But refresh my memory if you have booked anything on the revenue side or if those start to come in 2013, do they drop right to the bottom line?
Gil Borok: Anthony, it's Gil. We have not booked any carried interest revenue in 2012, and our guidance would include any anticipated carried interest revenue that might come in '13. It will obviously come in the future. You see an accrued balance of $48 million of carried interest expense. So you can assume that carried interest revenue more or less double that will come in, in the future. But I'm not going to comment as to which year.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And similar, on the development backlog gains?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, Anthony, we're bringing on a good number of new projects. Obviously, you've observed, as we all have, that business over the years, and you know that the life cycle associated with harvesting those projects is fairly long. So I think what you're going to see in 2013 from us is likely less development profitability. Because what we've done is we've burned off the inventory of projects that we kind of carried for a long time through the downturn. And now we're reloading, and the gestation period of those projects suggests it'll be 2 or 3 years before a lot of them harvest. So I think we're going through now kind of a cyclical bottom, and then we'll be coming back out in terms of the profitability generated by that business. But we do -- to answer your question specifically, yes, we do see some nice new opportunities, and we're particularly encouraged by the fact that if you can find development opportunities and get them started, there's less competition now than there has been at many points in the past.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just last one. Any updated thoughts on how you look at your free cash flow as it relates to either dividend or stock buyback, just given how the business is strong and your net debt continues to whittle down?
Gil Borok: Yes, Anthony, it's Gil. We look at it, and obviously, we like it. We do have the $450 million bonds that are callable in June of '13. And so we're obviously contemplating our options currently in terms of what we do with those. It may involve use of some cash, maybe all cash. But at the moment, what we've guided to is we know we can refinance those for about half the interest rate that they're currently at. So that's one alternative that fits into our overall strategy. The other thing is you've got to remember that even though there is about $1 billion of cash on the books at the moment, we're going into our seasonal usage period. And so in the first quarter and into the second quarter, you can anticipate us using between $400 million and $450 million of cash to pay bonuses, and we'll do that with cash and not have to draw on our revolver. So there's a big usage. The other thing you have to remember is that $300 million of that cash is overseas, $700 million give or take is domestic. And again, the overseas cash can be used for bonuses as well. So there are some uses coming up. There will be leftover, and it'll be part and parcel of our discussions around that $450 million call as to what we do with it at the moment.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandon Dobell with William Blair.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just from a near-term perspective, should we expect much of an air pocket here in the first quarter in the capital markets business, given your comments and just kind of the finish to the year around investment sales and mortgage brokerage? Or would you expect typical seasonality, and no kind of exaggerated seasonality around it? And is there anything else -- I would imagine you saw it in any kind of pull forward in leasing or outsourcing, but I just want to make sure we get kind of the right staging or pacing here from Q4 into Q1?
Robert E. Sulentic: Brandon, the -- I want to make sure I understand your question. So I'll give an answer, and if I don't answer the question you asked me, tell me. We really don't think there is any pull forward in leasing or outsourcing. So that's the easy part of your question. Whether or not there's an air pocket in the capital markets -- probably a little bit. There was an awful -- particularly here in the States, there was an awful lot of activity in Q4, and particularly in December, in response to the tax situation that we're all aware of. So we think we benefited from that. We don't think it's going to have an overwhelming or a dominant impact on Q1. And in fact, we think that 2013 is going to be a better year overall than 2012. But it wouldn't be surprising to see some impact from that.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then going back to the discussion around corporate services. As you look at the renewals and expansions, maybe some color around -- are those typically with more size and/or more services? And is there any difference between, let's say, EMEA and Americas in terms of what those renewals or expansions may look like?
William F. Concannon: Okay, Brandon, it's Bill here. Thank you for that question. I -- one of the things I'd say is the -- one of -- the #1 thing I like about our 2012 performance is that the expansions that we booked, 56 in total, show us that we've got good client satisfaction, show us that our people are focused, that shows us their clients trust us and therefore they're willing to work with us in more places. And in fact, when you look at the 2 cases highlighted on the slide, Microsoft and State Street, they were U.S. multinationals that expanded with us in EMEA and Asia Pacific. So the customer doesn't have to originate in EMEA and/or Asia Pacific. We can get a lot of expansion on a year-over-year basis with U.S. multinationals, which is a key part of our growth metric.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And Gil, maybe any color on what we should expect CapEx and additional co-investments to look like in '13?
Gil Borok: Yes. On the CapEx front, we're probably looking at something a little north of $150 million, consistent with our moderate investment goals. And on the co-investment front, it's a little bit difficult to say because of -- what the net will be. But as Bob said, it is a time in the cycle where we think there's a good opportunity, and so that's going to be somewhere between $50 million and $100 million. But it's hard to give a tight range on it, Brandon.
Brandon Burke Dobell - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then final question for you maybe, Gil, or even for Bob. As we think about the impact of headcount additions or technology spending, should we see that make a difference? Or should that show up more in the Americas than it should in Asia Pac and EMEA, i.e., should it not impact margin trajectories in the international markets? Or is it going to be spread evenly across the P&Ls?
Robert E. Sulentic: We're making those investments around the world, Brandon. But importantly, I want to stress one thing as we said in our comments. The -- we're expecting our margin to continue to expand. So we're making these investments thoughtfully and cautiously, and they're all about enabling our professionals, technology, marketing, other things that are going to enable our professionals. And we're doing it around the world. I mean, we do the same products everywhere in the world. We do these processes that are very similar everywhere in the world. And increasingly, with those businesses, we're serving the same customers everywhere in the world. Bill, I don't know if you'd have an add-on to that.
William F. Concannon: No. I think that's it. That captures it.
Operator: We'll go next to Will Marks with JMP Securities.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I want to first ask -- I guess maybe some questions of, Gil, on the interest expense line. You gave -- you said it -- included, I guess, is some sort of benefit from refinancing in your guidance. Is that -- just to confirm that's correct?
Gil Borok: That's correct. Yes.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then -- I mean, what kind of run rate should we see on that line during the year? I guess I realize it will change in the second half of the year, but maybe to start the year?
Gil Borok: Yes, it'll run -- with the assumptions I've given you, Will, it'll run about $40 million a quarter in the first half, dropping down to between $33 million and $35 million in the second half per quarter.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: And then I guess same question. I was a little surprised at the D&A level in the fourth quarter. You made some comments, and I apologize if I missed what I'm asking, and that is the kind of guidance along those lines for 2013.
Gil Borok: Yes. Two things that drive it: First of all, depreciation is going up along with capital expenditure increases. In the down, we didn't invest and since then, we have been investing incrementally. Some of those projects that were held as "construction in progress" have come online and are now starting to be depreciated. So that's what's caused an uptick in depreciation, or the depreciation part of it, certainly in the second half of the year. And then the other component is amortization, and that has to do with our mortgage brokerage business where we -- I think you know we capitalize upfront the servicing rights, which creates income upfront on the servicing rights we get when we originate loans. And that has to amortize into the P&L over time. So in a growing portfolio, you're getting gains and amortization. The amortization is less than the gains, but amortization goes through the amortization line. So a combination of those 2 factors is what's pushing it up. Before you ask it, for next year, the run rate per quarter is going to be around $38 million to $40 million in [indiscernible].
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it will drop substantially from that fourth quarter level. And I realize that things are seasonal, too. But...
Gil Borok: If you're looking at the P&L and the income statement, remember that's not normalized. I'm giving you a normalized number.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Right. Sorry. Yes, fair enough. Okay. And then just moving on, the -- typically, there is a -- the net debt balance does go up in the first quarter. I'd expect -- or I should ask, should we expect the same in 2013 due to bonus?
Gil Borok: Yes. Exactly. So yes, on a net debt basis, that's true. Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. I wanted to ask a question about the -- on the investment sales side, particularly in the Americas. I was wondering if you were seeing investor interest sort of expand from Tier 1 Class A series event trading [ph] quite frequently over the last year or 2? And does your [ph] Tier 2 and Tier 3 fit in [ph]?
Robert E. Sulentic: David, we're seeing that start to happen slowly and -- both in terms of moving out a little with the assets and moving out a little with the markets that investors are looking at.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So -- and that's -- sort of clear is that -- when you say moving out, is that the most that it's moved out this -- through this recovery? Or are we kind of getting back to sort of second quarter '12 before the eurozone crisis kind of hit us?
Robert E. Sulentic: I would say we would expect it to be more than it's been prior to this, in the recovery in 2013. That's our expectation. And we're -- and again, we started to see that in the fourth quarter for sure.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then if the EMEA revenue was flattish in 2013, would you expect the margins to be up or down in that region, i.e., have you made enough cost cuts to kind of keep things flat? Or will we still see some deleveraging there?
Robert E. Sulentic: We made some cost cuts, and we're also going to make some incremental investments. It's hard to give you an exact answer at this point because if we didn't see things -- if we didn't start to be more optimistic, which I think we're going to be by the middle of the year, about EMEA, then we'd put a governor on the magnitude of the incremental investments, obviously. But my guess is those 2 things will kind of offset each other over the course of the year in EMEA. And we'll respond to the market in the second of the year as it unfolds.
Operator: You have a question from Todd Lukasik with Morningstar.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just hoping to revisit some of the numbers you had given for the global corporate outsourcing business. I guess you referenced the McKinsey report, $50 billion potential market. If I understood correctly, current industry penetration of about $10 billion of which you guys are about 15% or $1.5 billion?
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes. That's correct, Todd. I think that -- by the way, I think we think that's a conservative estimate by McKinsey. It's only in the service lines where we operate today. And so it doesn't include in vertical markets like higher education where we're not -- they're not really outsourcing yet today. But it does not include soft service providers. So it wouldn't include janitorial or security in many of the vendor spend categories that we manage as a facilities manager.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit on competition in that business. I'd assume that on a local or regional basis, there are a lot more competitors that can put in bids than could credibly for some of the global deals that you guys are bidding for. And I was particularly wondering if you guys have any information you could share in terms of percentage of business that you win, what you're bidding for and what percentage that you tend to win?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well -- I mean, we have lots of metrics that we track in the business, Todd. One of them is obviously win rate, and we've got a very high win rate on the business that we choose to go after. I will tell you that this year -- I can't remember a year where the pace picked up, where we set records for the number of new contracts, one, and the number of new RFPs. RFPs were up almost 40% on a year-over-year basis. And so when these customers come out, they're not just vetting for cost anymore. They're vetting for -- in a very sophisticated RFP process with many times procurement and/or strategic sourcing at the table with these Fortune 500 companies. They're looking for profits improvement, they're looking for the access to talent that they can bring into their own company in terms of running the real estate, running the facilities, better compliance, better regulatory reporting. So this business, as it's gotten more sophisticated, as the selection process has gotten more difficult, it really bodes well for us, companies like ours. And so we very [ph] -- rarely would see a local or regional original player compete effectively on a large global deal or even an Americas-based deal.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just one more. Do you have a sense as to -- or could you share sort of what percentage of that $1.5 billion that you guys are doing today is business with people or corporations on a global scale as opposed to a regional scale?
Robert E. Sulentic: It's growing. 80% of our business is in the Americas today. So 20% is outside the Americas, but it is growing. In Asia Pacific and Latin America, to name 2 geographies, we saw a real jump in a year-over-year basis on our RFP count. And in fact, there's a lot of scrutiny in those regions of the world.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In the mortgage origination business, is that -- I mean, do you think that's more correlated to, say, activity in CMBS? Or is it just more tied to general investment sales activity? Like how do we think about where that goes?
Robert E. Sulentic: It's very tied to investment sales activity. And in our case, it's tied to multi-family investment sales activity far more than just CMBS. We provide mortgage origination for all types of different financings. So -- or for all types of different capital sources. So we wouldn't necessarily be driven more by CMBS or something else. I will tell you, we've done a lot of multi-family stuff, but we do a good amount of work, whether it's office, industrial or retail, in the mortgage brokerage business. So I would -- if you want to have a parameter, I would look at investment sales in general.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what's -- any guidance as to what the incremental margins are for that business line? It seems they've gotten pretty big and has grown pretty nicely.
Gil Borok: I'll just give you this. It is higher than the overall corporate margin. It does drive the margin up.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just for Bill on -- so is that -- when you think about just sort of the double-digit growth clip that, that business is running at, should we really think about that on the $1.5 billion as opposed to the entire, I think, $2.2 billion? Just wanted to understand that other $700 million. What's in that number again?
William F. Concannon: So there's another component to outsourcing, which is the asset services business, property management for landlords. That's the difference.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And is that -- should we think about that, though, as being more flat compared to what you're doing on the outsourcing side? Or...
William F. Concannon: It's slower growth, but still a growing business.
Robert E. Sulentic: I think they're -- to specifically answer Anthony's question, in aggregate, the 2 grow north of 10%.
William F. Concannon: That's correct.
Robert E. Sulentic: And Bill's business is the faster growing of the 2.
William F. Concannon: That's right.
Robert E. Sulentic: So it's in the mid-teens and above.
William F. Concannon: Yes.
Robert E. Sulentic: And not all parts of GCS, Anthony, flow through Property and the Facilities Management line. All right? So there are revenues that aren't captured in that business that's grown 10% year-over-year.
Operator: We also have a follow-up from Will Marks with JMP Securities.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask, Bob, on -- when you had your Business Review Day in early December, you chose not to address guidance. I'm just curious, and I can accept you not addressing my question about addressing, but was it an uncertain time? Was this just a decision that you made going forward to not do it during the Business Review Day?
Robert E. Sulentic: It's the latter, Will. We just -- we do it. We have a specific time we do it with our kind of annual release calendar, and we didn't want to address it off cycle in essence.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Gold with Sidoti.
David Gold - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just a quick one for you. Can you address a little bit 2 factors that presumably affected the fourth quarter and affect on the first. One is I know you said you didn't think there was much by way of pull forward. But basically, on the capital gain side domestically, how much of an effect do you think that had loosely in the fourth quarter, a pick up on capital markets? And then also, on the fiscal cliff side or fears on that, how much do you think that weighed on leasing?
Robert E. Sulentic: David, thanks for that question. I want to clarify, we did say that we thought there was in fact some pull forward due to the tax laws changes. We didn't quantify it. But what we do believe is that the capital markets business will be bigger for next year than it was this year. So that would tell you that we don't believe there was so much pull forward into '12 that '12 got bigger than '13. If -- does that answer your question?
David Gold - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Yes. That's helpful. And I guess part 2 of that one, though, is to the extent there was pull forward, do you think we'll see a bigger effect in the first quarter, some slowdown there because maybe some business happened in the fourth versus the first?
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it'll impact the first quarter some. We don't think it's going to be a dramatic impact. And by the way, I don't think I answered your question about the impact on leasing of the fiscal cliff issue. I don't think it created any pull forward. I think what it did was it liberated leaders of businesses to make commitments that they were waiting to make. So I think we'll see the benefit from that. We probably saw a little benefit from that in Q4. I think we'll see the benefit from that from now forward through the rest of this year in all probability.
David Gold - Sidoti & Company, LLC: So you think there was benefit from that rather than a detriment?
Robert E. Sulentic: I think there was benefit, but I don't think it was pull forward benefit. I think it was just people that had been kind of on the sidelines deciding to start to come in and make some decisions.
Operator: And gentlemen, we have no one else in queue. Please go ahead with any closing remarks.
Robert E. Sulentic: That's all, and we'll see you in 90 days to talk about the first quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Then ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Investor Relations Brett White - Chief Executive Officer Bob Sulentic - President Gil Borok - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Nick Kormeluk with Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you. And welcome to CBRE’s third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q3 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is the presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to slide labeled Forward-Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, and our current annual report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide three. Participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; Bob Sulentic, our President, who as you know will succeed Brett as CEO at the end of the year; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick, and please turn to slide four. As you know, the market environment turned more cautious in the third quarter of this year. Many investors and occupiers deferred making decisions and commitments, concerns about ongoing European sovereign debt issues and slowing growth in Asia, which have been vain on the markets most of the year were joined by heightened uncertainty starting from lower corporate profit expectations, as well as the upcoming U.S. election and so called fiscal cliff. The increase caution was manifested in lower business volumes, particularly sale and lease transactions. In most of our geographies, also across EMEA, this was also the case in all other significant service lines. Despite this very challenging macro conditions we were nevertheless able to improve revenue, while holding operating expenses flat exclusive of cost containment expenses, thereby supporting normalized EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share, and preserving our industry-leading margins. This of course is a credit to our people and our broad diverse global platform. We’ve worked hard over a number of years to build a well-balanced integrated platform to meet the needs of our clients. The benefits of these efforts will vary evident in the third quarter of this year. Our acquisition of the ING REIM business has added significant and largely recurring fee based revenue to our Global Investment Management operations. As a result, this segment saw revenue grow sharply and its contribution to total company normalized EBITDA versus the third quarter of 2011 increased significantly. We’re quite pleased with the 32% normalized EBITDA margin, this business delivered in the third quarter, and we believe it is indicative of where it can perform on a consistent basis. Outsourcing continue to grow solidly with revenue up 7% globally or 11% in local currency and 13% in the Americas. Steady adoption of outsourcing continues and CBRE remains well-positioned to capitalize on this trend. We signed 67 total contracts in the third quarter, our highest total ever for one quarter, including 25 with new customers and 16 contract expansions, also single quarter company records. Despite the slowdown in global investment sales, our mortgage brokerage business posted a double-digit revenue increase, driven by our deep and strong position in the U.S. multi-family finance market. These two business lines outsourcing and mortgage brokerage were the biggest growth drivers in our Americas operations. While the property sales market was soft, we were able to expand the gap between ourselves and the number two firm in the world’s two largest investment markets which are drawing global capital through their status as relative safe-haven namely, the United States and United Kingdom. The current recovery unlike previous ones remains frustratingly slow and inconsistent. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that the recoveries are ongoing and as we’ve been saying for some time remain subject to quick swings in market sentiment as we saw in the third quarter. We do expect the solid finish to the year in light of current business pipeline and as always, we cautioned against judging the underlying trends in our business based on a 90-day timeframe. Some of the most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on slide five. As usual, I’ll not go through them individually, but we’ve included them for your review. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Gil to discuss our overall performance.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide six. Total revenue was approximately $1.6 billion for the third quarter of 2012, up 1% from last year or 5% in local currency. This increase was driven by growth in outsourcing, Investment Management and Commercial Mortgage Brokerage. We recorded normalized EBITDA of $195.3 million in the third quarter of 2012 versus $194.8 million in the third quarter of 2011 for a normalized EBITDA margin of 12.5% close to our 12.7% EBITDA margin achieved last year. Cost of services increase 50 basis points to 58.8% of total revenue in the third quarter of 2012 versus 58.3% in the third quarter of 2011. This increase was driven by cost containment expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2012 and the decline in transaction revenues in certain geographies that has significant fix cost compensation structure. Despite the inclusion of all of the ING REIM costs in the operating expense line item and cost containment expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2012. Operating expense as a percentage of revenue in the third quarter increased by just 40 basis points from 30.6% of revenue in the third quarter of 2011 to 31% of revenue in the third quarter of 2012. In light of lower business volumes in EMEA in the first six months of the year and our expectations for the second half of the year. We took further cost contain actions in this region, primarily headcount reductions that resulted in a charge of approximately $16 million. This charge, as well as a charge of approximately $2 million for cost containment actions in Japan has been normalize and should result in savings of approximately $10 million on a run rate basis for 2013 and beyond. Furthermore, revert of the value of the trade name in the United Kingdom that is no longer being broadly utilized. The non-cash write-off of this intangible asset was approximately $20 million and was also normalized. Interest expense increased by $4.6 million in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to the full impact from the financing of ING REIM acquisitions and the sterling denominated term loan A1 facility that was entered into in the fourth quarter of 2011. Our third quarter 2012 tax rate was approximately 31%. This was primarily driven by the benefits derive from a legal reorganization of certain entities in Asia-Pacific that was largely discreet to the quarter. We are continuing to focus on the tax efficiency of legal entity and operating structure. For these reasons we now anticipate a tax rate of approximately 35% for the full year 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense increased $8.8 million in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to depreciation on recent increase IT-related capital expenditures and higher amortization of intangible assets associated with the ING REIM acquisitions. Third quarter 2012 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.12 versus $0.20 last year. While our normalized EBITDA in the third quarter of 2012 was comparable to the prior year quarter, the combination of increased interest, depreciation and amortization expense was more than offset by a lower tax provision that reduced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.26 in the third quarter of 2012, which was up 8% as compared to $0.24 in the third quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide seven. Property and facilities management was our largest service line in the third quarter of 2012, representing 36% of total revenue in the quarter with a 7% increase or 11% in local currency over the third quarter of 2011. Leasing remained our second largest service line, representing 29% of total revenue in the third quarter of 2012, but experienced softness globally as compared to the third quarter of 2011, mostly due to increased uncertainty. Investment sales slowed by 7% or 4% in local currency in the third quarter of 2012, with weakness also felt globally as investors grew more hesitant to deploy capital. Global investment management revenue increased 54% quarter-over-quarter, driven by increases in asset management fees attributable to the ING REIM businesses. Appraisal and valuation revenue remained flat in the third quarter of 2012, as compared to the third quarter of 2011. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue grew 11% year-over-year, driven by continued capital availability, generally low interest rates, competitive spreads and investors continued search for yield. It should be noted that this is primarily U.S.-based business where investment activity and sentiment, particularly in the multi-family sector remain stronger than in other parts of the world. Development services revenue was down slightly to $15.9 million. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprised approximately 62% of total revenue for the third quarter of 2012. Please turn to slide eight. Our outsourcing business continued its pattern of consistent growth, driven by record total contracts signed and new account additions, particularly in the Americas. In the third quarter of 2012, we signed 67 contracts, once again, a new record total in company history. We closed 25 new accounts, the most ever for actually in a single quarter, 26 renewals and 16 expansions also a quarterly company record. In sectors that we see as particularly promising for growth, the company was awarded six new contracts and two expansions in the healthcare and government verticals. Reflecting the increase globalization of outsourcing, the company was awarded two new contracts in the EMEA and won two new contracts in secured three client expansions in Asia-Pacific. As we have previously noted, we believe the total available market for this business is $50 billion to $60 billion. We continue to make good progress on capturing new business and feel confident about our continued global prospects for this business. Please turn to slide nine. This slide demonstrates steadily decreasing vacancy rates and positive absorption in all three market sectors depicted, along with forecasted improvement over the next year. Average national cap rates were stable in the third quarter of 2012 versus the second quarter of 2012 and slightly down as compared to the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to continued strength in core property sales. Please turn to slide 10. The Americas region showed moderate revenue growth in the aggregate driven by outsourcing. Investment sales revenue in the Americas declined by 5% in the third quarter of 2012 versus the third quarter of 2011, as investors grew more cautious about deploying capital. CBRE once again held the number one position in the U.S. investment market for the third quarter and the first nine months of the year. Despite the weakness in leasing activity this quarter, the incremental office market recovery continued as the vacancy rate fell by 20 basis points to 15.5%. Over the past year, the office vacancy rate declined by 70 basis points, indicating that the recovery is continuing in spite of the domestic and global economic headwinds. Americas outsourcing revenue grew by a strong 13% in the third quarter of 2012. Please turn to slide 11. Our total revenue in EMEA declined 17%. However, when excluding the impact of foreign currency, it was down 9%. The lack of global economic growth for the region also resulted in a 17% drop in investment sales revenue in the third quarter of 2012 as compared to the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, investment sales revenue declined 10%. The drop was driven by weakness in France and Germany. However, the United Kingdom showed strong growth as a result of the ongoing desirability of London-based prime assets. We were pleased to see that our share of United Kingdom investment sales activity nearly doubled compared to a year ago, based on information from property data. Leasing revenue declined 24% quarter-over-quarter, illustrating the impact of economic uncertainty on occupied sentiment and the resulting caution with which they took new space and made long-term commitments. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, leasing revenue declined 18%. As with sales activity, France and Germany were particularly weak in the third quarter of 2012. The EMEA outsourcing revenue decreased 12% in the third quarter of 2012 versus the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, outsourcing revenue was down only 2%, primarily due to reduced project management work versus a year ago. Please turn to slide 12. Our total revenue in Asia-Pacific was down 4% as compared to the third quarter of 2011. But when excluding the impact of foreign currency, it was up 2%. While the U.S. owned debt prices and sluggish U.S. growth have hampered economic activity in Asia-Pacific all year. The decline in the rate of economic growth in China, as well as other countries in the region caused investors and occupiers to be more cautious in the third quarter of 2012. Property sales revenue declined 6% in the third quarter of 2012 as compared to the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, investment sales revenue declined by 2%. Leasing revenue in Asia-Pacific declined 12% and excluding the impact of foreign currency the decline was 9%. Outsourcing revenue improved by 4% in the third quarter of 2012 versus the third quarter of 2011, excluding the impact of foreign currency, outsourcing revenue actually grew by 14%. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the development services segment totaled $17.8 million in the third quarter of 2012 versus $18.8 million in the third quarter of 2011, while third quarter normalized EBITDA declined by $1.4 million from the third quarter of 2011 to $3.8 million. At the end of the third quarter of 2012, in process development totaled $4.6 billion and the pipeline totaled $1.9 billion. Our equity co-investments at the end of the third quarter of 2012 in the development services business totaled $82.1 million and our recourse debt stood at $15.7 million. Please turn to slide 14. Third quarter 2012 Global Investment Management revenue increased to $114.3 million from $77.4 million in the third quarter of 2011. The increase resulted from higher asset management fees, stemming from the inclusion of ING REIM Europe and Asia, which contributed approximately $46 million in revenue in the third quarter of 2012. It should be noted that the global real estate securities component of the business was acquired from ING on July 1, 2011, and is therefore fully included in both the current and prior quarters. Assets under management or AUM, totaled $90.4 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2012, down $800 million from the second quarter of 2012. This was comprised increases of $1 billion from acquisitions, $500 million from asset value changes and $1 billion due to positive currency fluctuations, more than offset by dispositions and transfers of $3.3 billion. Included in the $90.4 billion in AUM at the end of the third quarter of 2012 was $22.2 billion of listed securities. This represents an increase of $800 million from the second quarter of 2012, which resulted primarily from value appreciation in this portfolio. During the third quarter of 2012, we raised new equity capital of approximately $1.5 billion in the direct real estate business and had approximately $3.5 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $216.8 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. In the third quarter of 2012, we incurred $14.2 million of expenses related to ING REIM acquisitions, primarily for retention, severance, facilities and information technology. As of September 30, 2012, the company maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $42 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated at a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 34% for the third quarter of 2012. Slide 16 shows our liquidity position at September 30, 2012 as well as our amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. The latter is virtually unchanged from the second quarter of 2012. With considerable liquidity and cash flow, we remain very comfortable with our debt maturity schedule and the flexibility it provides. Please turn to slide 17. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use, and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the third quarter of 2012 was approximately $1.8 billion, while up by $117 million from year end 2011, net debt is down by almost $110 million from the second quarter of 2012 in line with seasonal patterns. Consistent with historical trends, our net debt is expected to decrease further in the fourth quarter of 2012. At the end of the third quarter of 2012, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.6%, similar to the end of the second quarter of 2012, when including interest rate swaps. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.74 times at the end of the third quarter of 2012 on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month normalized EBITDA stood at 2.1 times. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thanks, Gil. And please turn to slide 18. We believe that the commercial real estate recovery is continuing despite the soft patch particularly in the U.S. in the third quarter of 2012. If nothing else, the third quarter is a reminder that variable market conditions will be the norm until global economic growth and job creation shift in the higher gear. In the interim, we expect outsourcing to continue with solid consistent growth, leasing to remain relatively subdued reflecting slower global economic and employment growth trends. Investments sales activity vary widely depending on local and regional market dynamics and investor sentiments which as we have seen can change quickly. Investment Management comparisons will benefit less from the ING REIM businesses in Q4, relatively to the first nine months of 2012, and full-year 2012 normalized EBITDA margins to improve. We expect conditions in Europe to remain soft until the sovereign debt challenges in Southern Europe are dealt with decisively and in Asia until more steady economic growth returns. In the U.S., the two big uncertainties namely the presidential election and the fiscal cliff will be resolved one way or another shortly. This resolution will be in greater certainty to the market. Meanwhile, underlined markets fundamentals continue to improve incrementally. Our business pipelines are healthy and our people around the world are energized to help our clients navigate the choppy environment. CBRE remains well positioned for this market climate because of the strength, the geographic scope and the diversity of our platform. Our strong financial position and the quality of our brand and people which assure clients they are also receiving the best advice. In light of the operating performance in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect full-year 2012 adjusted earning per share to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20. Notwithstanding current economy conditions, CBRE remains strongly position to thrive in a month and years ahead. To hear more about our long-term strategy, I hope you’ll be able to attend our Business Review Day this year. Bob Sulentic will be hosting event which will take place in the morning of Thursday, December 6th at our New York City office at 200 Park. With that, operator we’ll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll go to the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Yeah. Good afternoon. First of all, Brett, maybe this is the last we’re going to hear from you, so best of luck to you.
Brett White: Thanks, Will.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Second, I want to ask you about maybe for Gil, balance sheet strategy, any plans to do anything other than that, has there any acquisitions of late even if they are small, if you can talk about them?
Brett White: Before Gil answer that question, Will, let me just say a few words about what has transpired on the East Coast these past two days. We want to convey our thoughts and prayers for everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. I also want to thank our thousands of employees who have already rallied to assist our many clients impacted by the disaster. I witness our response to the main disaster is both man-made and natural over the years. And I can tell you that no one responds with more enthusiasm and energy on behalf of their clients than our folks across the field. So I really told them thank you for all your doing. And Gil you can now hit Will’s question.
Gil Borok: Okay. Hi, Will, thank you. Thanks, Brett. Will, what I would say is generally speaking, debt pay down is always a priority of ours and frankly, we said at the moment our net debt balance is very good. We’ve got that cash of $700 million, $450 million available -- would be available in the U.S., around $250 million plus overseas. And we’re always anticipating what our options are with that cash. The one thing that I can say definitively and that I think I’ve said before is we do have a high-yield bonds coming due in June of next year, the 11.625. At least, there is a call on them. And whether we refinance those or partially finance those and partially use cash is yet to be determined, but you can certainly think about that in terms of an interest expense reduction, certainly for the back half of next year and the full year of 2013, if current interest rates and the current interest rate environment remains low. So there is no specific M&A. There is no specific opportunities for cash that you wouldn’t normally think of, we’ve obviously got our core investment program in the principle businesses. We’ve got capital expenditures, the routine stuff that you would -- that you are very, very familiar with, nothing specific except that debt item that I just mentioned.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Great. And then on acquisitions, have you been looking at deals any thing transpired?
Gil Borok: We don’t have anything specific, Will.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thanks. On some specific segments, leasing in America is down 2%. We heard from the competitors, the industry and volumes was down about 14%. Did you see similar figures in your own research, meaning some decent market share gains, despite the tough environment?
Brett White: Well. Let me take a stand on that. Let me ask Bob to speak as well. First thing I want to caution you, Will, I think you already know this is -- it is dangerous to extrapolate too much from a single quarter. You may recall last year, we had a soft quarter in leasing in the end of the day at the end of the year, it end up meaning nothing. We do think that we picked up some share gain. We clearly picked up some share. I’ll let Bob talk a bit more specifically about our share gains. Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Well, I think you hit it, Brett, two things, we don’t want to take any one quarter too seriously. And secondly, we were happy that we picked up some share in the market place both domestically in the U.S. and around the world we think. So that’s encouraging to us. And the other thing I had mentioned as it relates to our brokerage business broadly, but our leasing business specifically, we’ve been very focused in the last couple of years on upgrading our team. We have a program called move-up, move-out. We’ve been doing a decent amount of hiring to upgrade our team. We’re shifting our focus, Will, now a little bit to actually growth in headcount. And I can tell you that year-to-date, this year, we’ve made more hires in the U.S. in brokerage for instance than we did in all of last year. So, yeah, we’ve made some market share gains in a period where the market wasn’t particularly good. And our focus was more on upgrading rather than growing the headcount. But we’re actually going to go -- we’re moving in both directions continuing to upgrade the staff and growing headcount going forward.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. Thank you. That’s very helpful. I just had one final question on outsourcing. I don’t believe that you restated your comment about the size of the industry, but I assume nothing has changed on the industry size, not that it would, but your ability to kind of chase that?
Brett White: No. Nothing has change. We believe and we continue to believe that we’re advantaged over any other firm in the industry in this particular space. And I think, Will, you would agree that our numbers in that space the last three or four years certainly are evidence of that.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next we’ll go to the line of David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Just a couple of numbers questions. Could you breakout the cost containment between cost of services and SG&A, kind of, give a rough split?
Gil Borok: Yeah. It’s about 50-50, David.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: About 50-50.
Gil Borok: Half and half, yeah.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: And you said $10 million in annualize payback from these actions beginning in the first quarter of ‘13?
Gil Borok: There will be $10 million of savings, yeah. I just would caution that whether there is a bigger discussion around, whether or not that would go forward to the bottom line or would offset other items including depending on how revenues looks next year in investment and so forth. So yeah, in it of itself it will produce $10 million of savings.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the tax rate that you’re now guiding to implies that the fourth quarter will be under 30%. Is that what you’re thinking?
Gil Borok: No. And it wouldn’t be. But it will be lower than it’s been, it wouldn’t be under 30%. No, we can go over it in more detail by quarter offline if you’re like, but 35 is a full year rate and that you should be able to sell for the quarter.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. And would you expect a -- the tax rate to be sustainable under 2013?
Gil Borok: I’m not ready to comment on 2013. I think we’ll differ commenting on that to the year-end call, the February call where we’ll give our guidance and we’ll incorporate call for it, the tax rate and other variables into guidance at that time. What I can’t say is and what I did say is we all -- we continue to focus on this aspect of our business we started to talk about in the few quarters ago. You’re starting to see the beginnings of all the benefits of our work in this area. And there will be benefit next year, but in terms of how much I’m not ready to talk about that quite yet, David.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Sure. And then may -- one big picture question. In terms of the trends of EMEA, did they steadily decelerate through the quarter and October was worse than the third quarter or was -- what was going in intra-quarter and early fourth quarter trends there? Thank you.
Brett White: Yeah. And this is Brett. I’ll take a stab and again, I’ll have Bob give us some more color on this. First thing I would say is that EMEA has been a soft story for a lot longer than the third quarter. Third quarter was just another chapter and what seems to be a fairly long book now on difficult market conditions. I will say and we referenced in our comments that, that being said, EMEA as well as our other global businesses feels pretty good about their fourth quarter and the pipelines that they have. But nonetheless, as we said on the call, until we see -- really I think this way, until there is confidence in the Europe across continental Europe, I think EMEA is going to be feelings from pain. Bob, do you want to add some color to that?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Well, first of all, I agree with all that. As we look at the third quarter in EMEA, we didn’t differentiate one-time period within the quarter versus another, as being a driver in the outcome. It was all a pretty rough time. What was more important from us is to makeup of our business, the geographic makeup of our business. We have a particularly large business in France, which had a very good year last year and has suffered a big time this year as a marketplace. In addition to that, it just so happens, France has also had very tough compare on FX, as you know and foreign exchange. So, the combination of the size of our business, the decline of that business in that marketplace in France, the FX circumstance with the euro has made for a very tough quarter in the third quarter in Europe. And it was more about that from our perspective than it was about any one particular part of the quarter all of which was pretty rough. I will say the business in the U.K., which is our biggest business over there. I had a much more solid quarter than we did on the continent or in France.
Operator: Was that it from Mr. Lane?
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Operator: And at this time, there is no more in queue with the questions.
Brett White: Great. Well, thanks everyone for you time on the call. We’ll look forward to speaking to you again at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - IR Brett White - CEO Bob Sulentic - President Gil Borok - CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Brandon Dobell - William Blair Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CBRE Q2 earnings conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you and welcome to CBRE’s second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q2 financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is the presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled Forward-Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and our ability to integrate the ING REIM businesses. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our second quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available on the SEC’s website at sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which includes references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide three. Participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer, Bob Sulentic, our President, who as you know will succeed Brett as CEO at the end of the year and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thanks, Nick and please turn to slide four. I am glad we have Bob joining our call today. Bob’s well known to most of you. I know you will enjoy interacting with him more regularly as he gears to assume the CEO duty at the end of the year. We are very pleased with our results for the quarter. We grew our topline by double-digits, improved our bottomline by nearly 30% and increased our normalized EBITDA margin by 170 basis points. Our stronger performance reflects a broad well balanced global platform we have built over two decades. One of which strengthens and certain the compliance in markets, compensates weaknesses in others. It also demonstrates our ability to control costs while executing on our growth strategy. Right now the Americas is experiencing the best of all our region. Our permanent position in markets across the U.S. Canada and Latin America has enabled us to sustain double-digit revenue and profit growth despite the lack of meaningful job creation. Asia-Pacific achieved solid growth in the second quarter as well; notwithstanding China’s economic slowdown. As expected, EMEA saw softer results as it continue to fight formidable headwind related to both the Euro zone’s ongoing economic and debt issues and notable negative currency effects. Benefits continue to accrue from our acquisition of the ING REIM businesses last year. We believe that the blending of ING REIM’s professional talent with our own has forged a new industry leader in real estate investment management and have certainly given us an enhanced stream of stable revenue at higher margins than most of our other businesses. The 25% normalized EBITDA margin that this business achieved during the quarter served us particularly well in a choppy market environment and we expect positive contributions from the ING REIM acquisition to continue. Our global outsourcing business continue to make strong gains with double-digit revenue growth for the seventh consecutive quarter. We signed 54 total contracts including 24 with new outsourcing customers, staying a company record for new wins in a quarter. This business continues to exhibit good momentum for reasons we will discuss later. Our capital markets business has also performed well. Although a small component of total company revenue, mortgage brokerage had robust revenue growth of 36% as loan origination volumes and related servicing demand continue to rise. While still a relatively moderate portion of overall revenue, property sales moved higher in all regions paced by the Americas, reflecting generally soft occupier market condition particular in Europe, property leasing edged up slightly on a global basis. The Americas and Asia-Pacific accounted for the increase. While the global market recovery progresses, macro challenges continue to limit it's strength. Nonetheless, CBRE continues to be in an advantageous position. Our unique combination of people, brand and mature global platform gives us the ability to perform well for clients and shareholders and to build market spirit across our spectrum of services. So on here, on slide five, our noble transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter. As usual, I'll not go through them individually, but we've included them for your review. And with that, Gil, I'll turn the call over to you to go through the financial deck.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide six. Total revenue was approximately $1.6 billion for the second quarter of 2012, up 12% from last year or 13% when excluding discontinued operations. This increase was driven by growth in outsourcing, investment sales, investment management and commercial mortgage brokerage. Normalized EBITDA improved at more than twice the pace of revenue, rising 28% to $220.9 million in the second quarter of 2012 from $172.4 million in the second quarter of 2011 and our normalized EBITDA margin expanded by 170 basis points to 13.8%. Cost of services felled 240 basis points to 56.7% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2012 versus 59.1% in the second quarter of 2011. This reduction was primarily driven by the fact that all costs associated with ING REIM, which were not present in the second quarter of 2011, drove through the operating expense line as opposed to cost of services. Despite the inclusion of all of ING REIM’s costs in operating expenses, this line was essentially flat as a percentage of revenue compared to the second quarter of 2011 indicating effective cost management. In the Americas and Asia-Pacific consistent with historical patterns, positive operating leverage was readily apparent. Due to the more fixed nature of costs in many parts of Europe and the rapid declining leasing revenues in EMEA during the quarter such operating leverage was not yet as evident in this region. Interest expense increased by $10.2 million in the quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2011, primarily due to the full impact from the financing of ING REIM and the Sterling denominated term loan A1 facility that we were not present in the second quarter of 2011. Our second quarter 2012 tax rate was approximately 40% and we expect the full year 2012 tax rate to be a little below this. Second quarter 2012 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.23 versus $0.19 last year and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.27 versus $0.21 in the second quarter of 2011 an increase of almost 30%. Please turn to slide seven. Property and facilities management was our largest service line in the second quarter of 2012 representing 34% of total revenue in the quarter with a 10% increase over the second quarter of 2011. Leasing was our second largest service line representing 30% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2012 with increases in the Americas and Asia-Pacific. Investment sales accelerated to a growth rate of 16% in the second quarter of 2012 driven by the Americas with positive contributions from EMEA and Asia-Pacific as well. It represented 16% of total revenues in the second quarter of 2012. Global investment and management revenue more than doubled again quarter-over-quarter driven by increases in asset management fees attributable to the ING REIM businesses. Appraisal and valuation revenue increased 6% to $95.2 million led by business in Asia-Pacific that was acquired late in the second quarter of 2011. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue grew 36% year-over-year driven by continued capital availability, generally low interest rates, competitive spreads and investors continued search for yield. Development services revenue was up slightly to $15.5 million. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprised approximately 57% of total revenue for the second quarter of 2012. Although not our typical sequence, I will briefly cover our debt maturity and capitalization table before handing the call over to Bob. Slide eight shows the amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. This is virtually unchanged from the first quarter of 2012. With considerable liquidity and cash flow we remain very comfortable with our debt maturity schedule and the flexibility it provides. Please turn to slide nine. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities, not available for company use and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and our mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter of 2012 was approximately $1.9 billion. This is flat as compared to the end of first quarter of 2012 and up versus the end of 2011 due to bonuses and other incentive compensation payments made in the first half of the year. Consistent with historical trends, our net debt is expected to decrease as the year progresses. At the end of the second quarter of 2012, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.7% when including interest rate swaps similar to the end of the first quarter of 2012. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.76 times at the end of the second quarter of 2012 on a trailing 12 month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12 month EBITDA stood at 2.19 times. I will now turn the call over to Bob who will cover business line performance.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Gill, I am glad to once again to be joining these calls on a regular basis. Please turn to slide 10. Our outsourcing business continued its pattern of consistent growth driven by record new account additions. In the second quarter of this year, we signed 54 contracts, the second highest total in company history.  We landed 24 new accounts, the most ever for a single quarter, 21 renewals and 9 expansions. All of this contract activity in the second quarter and for many prior quarters suggests very strong underlying momentum in our outsourcing business and we expect that momentum to continue well into the future.  The outsourcing trend is being propelled by globalization and the desire by occupiers of all sizes and across industries to increase efficiency and improve all our overall performance particularly in light of the global economic slowdown. For this reason, this business has significant headroom for growth. We believe there is as much as $50 billion to $60 billion in total market potential.  We are poised to capture a significant percentage in this opportunity by delivering services to more space users and establish outsourcing markets as well as newer markets. For example, we see big potential among midcap companies which accounted for more than a third of our total contracts in the second quarter.  We also continue to add customers in the government and healthcare sectors where cost pressures are especially acute. We saw evidence of this in the second quarter with three new contracts in the government sector and three new contracts plus a client expansion in the healthcare sector.  In addition, four large corporations selected us to provide various services to their properties in Latin America and we were hired by Sony to handle transaction management and lease administration in Asia Pacific and EMEA.  Please turn to slide 11, which demonstrates steadily decreasing vacancy rates and positive absorption in all three market sectors depicted along with forecasted improvement over the next two years. Average national cap rates were slightly down in the second quarter versus both the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of last year primarily due to continued strength in core and Class A property sales.  Please turn to slide 12; the Americas posted very good growth in property sales revenue in the second quarter which continued to be driven by activity in core markets with modest improvement in secondary markets.  Our position as a market leader across asset sectors, office, industrial, retail and multifamily and our ability to provide integrated equity and debt solutions are clearly a distinct advantage. Our CA data shows that we improved market share by 230 basis points from a year ago to 16.2% in the second quarter of this year, once again the highest in the industry.  Leasing markets generally showed some improvement in the second quarter with vacancy rates declining modestly. During the quarter, the US office vacancy rates fell 30 basis points to 15.7% compared to the first quarter of this year, indicating that our office market recovery remains intact. Market fundamentals continue to be helped by very low levels of new construction, occupier demand however remains modest. In light of this, second quarter leasing revenue increase of 5% is a good result and inline with our expectations. This growth reflects our premier position in key business centers such as New York City, where we negotiated four of the five largest leased transactions in the first half of this year. Our Americas' outsourcing business grew by a strong 13% in the second quarter. Please turn to slide 13. In EMEA, property sales provided a positive surprise, despite almost daily headlines about the Euro Zone debt crisis and heightened investor anxiety. Our EMEA sales revenue rose 3% in the second quarter excluding the notable impact of negative foreign currency movement. EMEA sales revenue grew by 11%. We’re especially pleased with this outcome given the property sales activity across most of the EMEA as weak. Recent performance show greater effects from the flat lining economies across Europe. While average rents across the region have remained relatively stable, occupiers have been hesitant to make commitments in the current environment.  As a result, EMEA leasing revenue decreased 17% in the second quarter of 2012 versus the same quarter in 2011. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, leasing declined 10% in the second quarter versus second quarter last year. Consistent with our first quarter results, France in particular had a very negative comparison against a strong second quarter in 2011. The EMEA outsourcing revenue was flat in the second quarter as compared to the second quarter of last year.  This was primarily driven by negative foreign currency movements excluding the impact of foreign currency outsourcing revenue grew 9%. Our total revenue in EMEA declined 5%. However, when excluding the impact of foreign exchange it grew 3%. Please turn to slide 14. Asia-Pacific generated solid growth in all three major business lines during the second quarter. We saw excellent performance in Japan as the economy there continue to recover from last year’s natural disaster and the related investment in infrastructure continued.  Investors increasingly proceed towards Japan as a safe heaven and a near integral part of any overall Asia investment strategy. Australia, India and Singapore all performed well despite moderating global economic activity. Property sales revenue advanced 4% in the second quarter led by activity in Japan, excluding the impact of negative foreign currency movements the increase was 8%.  Leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew 6% with growth evident in almost all geographies excluding the impact of foreign exchange growth was 9%. Outsourcing revenue improved by 5% in the second quarter versus the second quarter last year and excluding the impact of foreign exchange outsourcing revenue grew 13%. Our total revenue growth in Asia Pacific was 11% when excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Please turn to slide 15. Revenue for the development of services segment totaled $17.8 million in the second quarter versus $17.2 million in the second quarter last year. Second quarter EBITDA declined by $6.6 million from the second quarter of last year due to higher profits from property sales in the prior year quarter. At the end of the second quarter, in process development totaled $4.7 billion and the pipeline totaled $1.4 billion. Our equity core investments at the end of the second quarter in development services totaled $89.2 million and our recourse debt stood at only $15 million.  Please turn to slide 16, second quarter 2012 global investment management revenue increased to $119.7 million from $58.9 million in the second quarter of last year. The increase resulted from higher asset management fees largely stemming from the inclusion of ING REIM which contributed approximately $7 million revenue in the second quarter.  Assets under management or AUM totaled $91.2 billion at the end of the second quarter down from $95.9 billion at the end of the first quarter this year. $2.8 billion of the draft was due to a non-traded reach board's decision to internalize its management. In addition, AUM declined in the current quarter by $1.8 billion due to currency fluctuations and $500 million due to declines in asset values primarily in Europe.  And $400 million due to dispositions while acquisitions added $800 million to our assets under the management. Included in the $91.2 billion of AUM at the end of the second quarter was $21.4 billion of listed securities. Net outflows combined with changes in market valuation in this portfolio decreased AUM by $300 million dollars versus the end of first quarter.  During the second quarter of this year, we raised new equity capital of approximately $700 million in the direct real estate business, and had approximately $2.6 billion of equity capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $215.1 million.  Please turn to slide 17. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation is shown here. In the second quarter of 2012, we incurred $9.1 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisition primarily for retention, severance, facilities and information technology. As of June 30th this year, the company maintained accumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $40 million which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This reflects a reduction of $4 million from the end of the first quarter due to no income tax related distribution. This business operated at a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 25% for the second quarter of 2012. Brett, I will now turn the call back over to you.
Brett White: Thanks, Bob and please turn to slide 18. The commercial real estate recovery continues to progress at a historically slow pace relative to prior recoveries with a high degree of inconsistency globally. We are pleased that CBRE continues to perform well and we continue to build our position as a market leader  Our views following the completion of the first half of 2012 are that outsourcing is expected to continue its strong consistent growth trend, leasing growth rates should be relatively modest, investment sales growth will vary widely depending on local and regional market dynamics and finally then investment management will benefit from a full year contribution from the acquired ING REIM businesses. With the first half now behind us, we remain comfortable with our full year normalized EPS guidance at a $1.20 to $1.25 with higher normalized EBITDA margins than in 2011. However given the ongoing uncertainty regarding the global economic picture, we will take a close look at our guidance again at the conclusion of the third quarter which of course is our standard practice. And with that operator, we’ll take now questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: The facilities management business, you mentioned 50 to 60 billion of potential revenue or potential in that business, first thing is that an annual revenue number that you're citing?
Brett White: That $50 billion to $60 billion potential tax revenue is an annual figure for the total outsourcing segment. So we believe like this is a very big market as you know. It's a market that’s very difficult to size, but if we extrapolate what we think is out there in terms of total firms that could outsource and all of the services that could be outsourced, you are going to get to a number we think generally in that range.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, so this is potentially folks that would outsource, not necessary that they're outsourcing now and you just haven’t [thought]?
Brett White: That’s right, this is total potential market.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, what's been sort of the conversion over the past, I don't know two or three years to an outsourcing model. Trying to get a sense as to you know, have you been driving it from share, has the market just expanding very quickly? Is there anyway to put some parameters around that?
Brett White: Well, I think you know, first Anthony, if you just observe that the two firms that are doing most of this work are ourselves and our good competitor back east. We both have been reporting very strong growth rates in this business and I think that’s a combination of two things. The first is the market is clearly expanding more quickly or has been expanding more quickly the last three, four years than it has in prior years. So the business is maturing and more and more firms are coming to market with outsourcing contracts. The second dynamic though that greatly supports our firm is the movement of outsourcing work away from niche [boutique] and regional players over to true global firms, and so that trend which has been extinct for quite sometime, as you know Anthony, is a big benefiting dynamic to ourselves and to one other firm in the industry.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: In Europe, is Europe getting better or worse from the point of view of just seeing some what of a normal flow of either leasing and/or sales transactions, I guess what I am asking is are people becoming more constricted or are they adapting to this environment?
Brett White: Right, well I think it's fair to say that Europe is a very unsettled region and it's a region that has not been given the opportunity to take a pause, catch their breath and deal with the trends that are extinct in their market place. There seems to be a new issue as you know Anthony, in Europe, every week, every month. So the market place in Europe is troubled and when you have a market place like that, what tends to happen is people freeze on making decisions around dispositions of real estate, acquisitions of real estate, expanding their business' footprint, contracting their business' footprint. Everybody take the time out until they can digest what is going on in their market place and this market is – Europe market is very dynamic. I don't think anybody in Europe at the moment, we certainly can’t predict with any uncertainty what that marketplace is going to look like a month from now, much less a year from now and until that sort of view is available in the marketplace, until large customers of ours can look forward for a few quarters, may have some comfort around what that marketplace is going to be bring them, this market is going to remain troubled as you saw in the leasing volumes and you saw in the sales volumes. I do want to ask Bob who is on the line to add his commentary to this. Europe reports to Bob and he is much more closer to that situation than I am. Bob what would you like to add to that.
Bob Sulentic:  Well first of all, I agree with all of it Brett. I think that’s a very good description of what’s going on. Obviously we saw a different circumstance with investment properties than we did with leasing in the last quarter and I think the explanation for that is in core markets and there certainly are some important core markets there, most notably London. People are going to invest in real estate because they think they can get some yield. It’s so hard to get yield on anything you invest in today that there is going to be investment in core solid properties and we saw some of that. The flip side is for leasing, businesses simply aren’t going to make decisions with this much uncertainty and we saw real pressure in the leasing market. So that’s really the only thing that I would add to what Brett said and generally I agree with the whole description.
Brett White:  And Anthony, I would just add to Bob’s comments into my own. This is a sentiment issue. So at the moment as you know and all of our callers know, capital is very easy to obtain. Businesses if they choose to, can make investments with their own cash or through borrowed funds. This is a sentiment issue and if there is good news or a silver lining around this dark cloud in Europe, it is when sentiment changes, there is an enormous amount of pent-up demand that needs to be satisfied. And we believe that of course this situation will at some point resolve and when it does, we should see some very good performance out of Europe and when that occurs, who knows. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: In the press release you talked about just cost, discipline, is there anything just specifically any programs to actually cut cost at this point or is it just being mindful? What's happening there?
Brett White: Anthony, it's just status quo. So as you know and I hope everyone on the phone knows, it is simply part of our culture to be very mindful about margins. Once again, we are very proud this quarter with our performance at the margin side. We again have the leading margins in the industry. That comes from hard work, but also comes from our culture which is to mind costs while making smart long-term investments in the business. We have no particular programs under way right now in terms of restructuring or the types of things I think you are referring to, but it's fair to say that in an environment like the one we are currently operating, everybody is very careful of the OpEx line. Let me ask Gill to add any comments he would like to that?
Gill Borok: Okay thanks. But, Anthony I think the reason that we highlighted it was, it is quite visible certainly in the Americas and in Asia Pacific as we've had some improvement in transaction revenues and idea was to remind folks that sometimes it does take a little while to see that leverage clearly. We are seeing it very well in Q2 in Americas and Asia Pac. Not as much in Europe, but when you delve with the cost as we do, it certainly is just a situation where revenue is down there and so you not seeing the leverage as much as you might in the other two regions.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And then just last question, Gill, the tax rate worked about 42 % in the quarter. What should we -- it just seems a little higher for six months versus last year. Any thoughts on what we should be looking at through the balance of the year, just how to think about the year in total?
Gill Borok: Yeah, I think we actually said it, but it’s slightly south of 40% for the year. You sometimes have the street items in the quarter in any particular quarter that on a quarterly basis can raise it a little bit or lower than little bit, but for the year I expect a little bit under 40%.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: A couple of things, a couple of quarters ago you talked a little bit about, take a look at where your headcount was, I think it was on US on the leasing side of the business, it doesn't sound like if there's any updated thoughts there in terms of adding more headcount given how the markets are growing, but maybe you could address what the plans are going to be in the back half of the year in the US in particular?
Brett White: I think you are referring to comments we made last year regarding recruiting, is that what you are referring to?
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Correct.
Brett White: So you know it’s a matter for standard course of business; we are always looking for talent in the industry. There's a normal attrition rate that we have to deal with every year and there's a certain amount of hiring we like to make every year on the competitive side. I think the trend that we spoke about last year remains the same this year, which is there is a clear fundamental dynamic in the industry of high quality talent moving from where we described its kind of a regional or national players over to the global player and that's were the reasons that we referenced earlier on outsourcing growth. There's just more and more the larger high ticket clients are moving to these firms and so therefore so is the talent. I also wanted to ask Bob to comment on this again, Americas reports to Bob and Bob this question is regarding our recruiting this year and whether or not we are seeing good things there or not.
Bob Sulentic: Well, I would bifurcate the question into two parts, our absolute recruiting and our net recruiting. In an absolute sense, we've done a good amount of recruiting and in the net sense its been much closer to flat. And the reason for that is that we are upgrading positions around our system in a very strategic way and with that plan in place to get that done, I suspect that that effort is going to play out and you are going to start to see an increase in headcount over the next year or so as we go from replacing some spots where we wanted to upgrade actually adding that headcount.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Okay, as you think about the pretty strong start to the year for six months in the property management business, the impact of onboarding those contracts in the back half of the year, should we expect margin pressure out of that part of the business or are you starting to get any benefit from the deals you guys onboarded last year and should outstrip the costs that will come on in the back half of this year?
Gil Borok: I think there will be some transition cost impact which we have seen, but I don't expect it to be as notable as what we saw last year, because you are right some of what we onboarded last year is now maturing and we are getting into more of a mature portfolio in that regard. The larger contact deals are more and more so I think its going to be apples-to-apples a lot more comparable.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: And a final question from me, in the US run investment sales, as you work through the second quarter looking at secondary markets or kind of Class B property types; any further progress there in terms of maybe a quicker pace of recovery in those markets than you saw in the first quarter or is it still pretty lackluster?
Bob Sulentic: I would describe it Brandon this way, there is still a concentrated focus on core markets and core real estate. But that having been said there has been an awful lot of money raised in the past 24 months with a value add type hurdle to it and those returns are only available in the secondary and tertiary markets and we are seeing a decent amount of activity in those markets. I discussed with the clients just the other day who bought a very large office asset in Orange County. It was 40% vacant. The yield on that building with the vacancy was north of 7%. That’s a true value-added transaction. They told me they bid against a number of buyers to get that building. So, you know, I would say, as this market continues to season, as it continues to mature, or you hear more and more of those stories and the core focus we’re seeing in the last two years will still be the element of the market but it won't be the only headline story.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Final one. Any large kind of single transactions last year in the third quarter either on leasing or sale side that we should be aware of from a year-on-year comparison basis?
Gill Borok: No, nothing to call out.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: I wanted to just ask on, I guess first of all, any further ING integration cost are those all behind you?
Brett White: No, there are still more to come in Q3 and Q4.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Approximately, how much can you give us?
Brett White: Well, there is some that will come at the EBITDA line and some that will come to amortization. In total, I think about 1,500 in each of Q3 and Q4.
Bob Sulentic: That’s 15 million.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Second question on, we’ve read a lot of industry of course and then I don’t think I’ve seen you guys quote this but just on US industry leasing volumes being weaker than expected at the beginning of the year and definitely showing a decline for the full year and certainly year-to-date looks pretty good. I am wondering if the components of your guidance have changed at all for that anything else?
Brett White:  No they haven’t and just to let me put a final point on your question. If you look at the second quarter in the US which is you talked about US market I will answer on US market. Number of transactions for us in the leasing business was basically flat. The length of lease in the second quarter was basically flat; it was actually down 1%. But the average lease size was actually up 5% for the quarter, so those three dynamics which are the dynamics to give us revenue gives a 7% increase from reported leasing revenue for all product types in the second quarter of 2012 versus second quarter of 2011, that’s a decent number given this current market environment and there is nothing going on in that business that is materially different from what we forecast when we built our guidance for the year.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay, I asked you actually to repeat that so, average lease size up 5% meaning the dollar value of the lease?
Brett White:  Square foot per transaction. 
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Square foot, okay. And then rental rate, did you say is flat? 
Brett White:  What I've said was that the number of transactions was down 1%.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Right. 
Brett White: The lease term was down 1%.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay.
Brett White: And the square foot was up 5%. The rental rate increase year-over-year I am going to give you a rough number called 2.5% total rental will give you a little bit finer number to that but it’s a rough science. So I think 2.5% for them I would say it could be the right number.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure, so it's like I understood you right on the cost side it sounds like you are being mindful there but just to be clear and you don’t have any plans to take significant cost out of EMEA?
Brett White: What Gill said and I'll just underscore it is that EMEA along with Asia Pacific, Americas and our global business lines are all being mindful on cost. When we talk about taking material cost out, we'll talk about that when we are going to do something that likely fallen to restructuring charge and there is nothing going on in the business right now, that would lead us to talk about that at the moment. But we are watching EMEA carefully obviously as you know, David but I'll look at the other callers I know as well, the cost structures in Europe are different than the Americas and Asia Pacific, and a lot of the cost that you have underpinning your business in Europe is more structural than it is, variable and its hard to get out in this another market. So what tends to happen is it's in the [lack] of it in Europe on the cost side and I think the underscoring point that is important for our callers to understand is that as you saw in our performance for the quarter and for the first half of the year, we are paying a lot of attention to cost. And we are going to continue to pay a lot of attention to cost until these markets are stabilized in growing at a rate that we think indicates a good recovery. Gill, anything you want to add on cost issues in Europe.
Gill Borok: No, I think I've said what I was going to tell reiterated which that again because of the revenue situation there in the quarter and the decrease in leasing in particular, there is no leverage that to (inaudible) like it is in the Americas and Asia Pacific as far as we are paying attention to cost and obviously in all three regions and Europe is the most concerning at the moment given the results, but nothing particular to talk of.
Brett White: And maybe David to put another angle on, what you should not expect to see in Europe are large cost increases year-over-year and so in a market like Europe, where you are able to make the biggest impact on cost tends to be on deferring additional expenses of the business rather than say in Americas or Asia Pacific where it's fairly straightforward to reduce tens of millions of dollars of cost very quickly and very easily. That's just not as easy to do in Europe. But yeah, as we mentioned in our script earlier, one of the great benefits of this firm is that we are so highly diversified on product line. We have so many businesses that we benefit from that the firm can absorb issues like Europe right now and still post industry-leading margins and industry-leading profits. That's by design and that allows us to be patient with Europe, not to make draconian cuts to their cost structure because our Europe business is a terrific business and we are very comfortable with where they stand at the moment on their cost side, although we are concerned as Gill said on the revenue side. 
David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then in the fourth quarter you are going to have a full quarter anniversary of the ING acquisition. When you look at your full-year adjusted EBITDA margin, that's obviously benefiting from that, but would you expect year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the fourth quarter as you have that full quarter anniversary of ING?
Gill Borok: Yeah, David in isolation that's correct, but if you recall back to when we did our fourth quarter call back in February, and we gave our outlook for 2012 what essentially we said was is we called out certain development gains that -- I think I use the terminology outsized at the time. They were gains that certainly were normal course for development, but then they were those that were outside. And so my comments were around the fact that in the principal businesses, whatever upside there was from investment management, which at the EPS line remember is reduced by things like interest expense, amortization that doesn’t get normalized and so forth. When you look at the net income or EPS line, whatever favorability we had would more or less be offset by absence of development gains. And so that's how I think you ought to -- at this point, I still would affirm that's how you ought to think about the fourth quarter and the year, so that the upside and the expansion in margin will come from the services business which is exactly how we ended up when we gave the outlook at the beginning of the year.
Operator: And next we’ll go to a follow up from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: I think you mentioned maybe it was $2.6 billion of equity that still needs to be deployed in investment management and I was wondering is A, do you correct fees on that currently or is that kind of a revenue backlog if you will and B, is there anything like on the flipside for instance where you have an exit [cue] on any of your funds that are of size?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, in terms of the fees, we collect fees when we deploy the capital and in terms of exits, we announced the single biggest exit we anticipate for the year which is the non-traded REIT that we were the manager for, where the management has been internalized. So we wouldn’t expect to see anything of major significance like that between now and the end of the year.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: It was that -- just to get a sense, is there something we should pull out of numbers like did that happen late in the quarter? Is it that material in terms of the internalization of the manager there with a non-traded REIT?
Gill Borok: Yes, it was announced and I forget the exact time. I think it was probably late May or early June and I just say that there is no single fund in the US or no single venture in the US that is going to impact the fees, fees for assets under management in a material way and the business of this size. You might get a little more of that in Europe where those core funds, the fees are based in large part on market valuations, but again core funds don’t fluctuate the way a value add does. So short answer, I guess is no, we don’t expect a material impact.
Operator: Thank you and I will now turn it back for closing remarks. Please continue. 
Brett White: Thanks everyone. We are very pleased with our quarter and we look forward to continued good results for the year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Nick Kormeluk – IR Brett White – CEO Mike Lafitte – President, The Americas Gil Borok – CFO
Analysts:  Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co.  
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CBRE first quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. The instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk:  First quarter 2012 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our Q1 financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow.  Please turn to the slide labeled “Forward Looking Statements.” This presentation contains statements that are forward looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and our ability to integrate the ING REIM businesses. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our first quarter earnings report, filed on Form 8-K and our current annual report on Form 10-K, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov), for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to “non-GAAP financial measures,” as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix.  Please turn to slide three. Participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Lafitte, President of our Americas region, and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White:  Thanks, Nick, and good afternoon everybody. Please turn to slide four. The macro market trends that have prevailed for most of 2011 have generally continued in the first quarter of 2012. The market is recovering, but at an incremental and uneven pace. While no two recoveries are identical, this current one is marked by mixed performance across geographies and market sectors.  That being said, our highly productive market-leading and diversified platform helped us deliver a strong opening quarter for 2012. We especially benefited from strong performance in the Americas, and in a moment Mike Lafitte, our president of the Americas, will describe our integrated Americas business platform in a bit more detail.  Not unexpectedly, EMEA performance weakened versus the prior year first quarter, as transaction activity has slowed against tough economic conditions. In Asia Pacific, while there was overall revenue growth, investment sales in the region cooled a bit. We also saw material and immediate contributions from the addition of the ING Real Estate Investment Management people, programs and platform to our investment management business. We expect these positive contributions to continue as we complete our integration process.  Our global outsourcing business continued to make strong gains, with revenue growing by double digits for the sixth consecutive quarter. Both total contracts signed and new wins set records, and we surpassed the 3 billion square foot managed milestone.  In our transaction businesses, leasing resumed growth with a 3% gain over the first quarter of 2011. Investment sales revenue increased 10%, and also deserving special mention is commercial mortgage brokerage, which jumped 46%.  As a result of all this, we posted solid 14% revenue growth and even stronger, 25%, normalized EBITDA growth, during the quarter. And I am particularly pleased to report that our EBITDA margin expanded 90 BPs, to 11.1%.  Some of the most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown on slide five. As is our practice, I will not go through them individually but we have included them here for your review. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Mike Lafitte, our president of the Americas, to discuss his real strong performance in the Americas business. Mike?
Mike Lafitte:  Thank you Brett. Please advance to slide six if you will. As you have read in our earnings release and as Brett mentioned, our Americas business had excellent performance in the first quarter of 2012. We are very pleased to achieve 13% revenue growth and 29% normalized EBITDA growth in a sluggish economic environment. Credit for this goes to our nearly 21,000 Americas employees, who are intensely focused on providing superior service to our clients and maintaining disciplined expense control.  We took tough actions in 2011 to align our cost base to the difficult operating environment, and we are now seeing some benefits from those actions.  In the Americas, we have built a very large, deep, diverse, highly-integrated and arguably unparalleled platform. It took many years and considerable investment to build this robust platform and to integrate its component parts so they worked together cohesively. We are focused on continuous improvement of our platform to stay ahead of our evolving client needs.  Our financial business statistics for 2011 shown here were just published late last week. They underscore the magnitude of our platform. Even in a lukewarm market environment, we closed more than 38,000 sales and lease transactions in the Americas, valued at approximately $92 billion. You can see this activity was evenly split between sales and leasing.  Our people specialize in each of the major product segments: office, industrial, retail and the multi-housing space. This specialization provides unique expertise and insight, which positions us very well to capture market opportunities.  Our valuation platform is also robust. We maintain the largest market position in this space, serving financial institutions, corporations and special servicers, and there is great synergy with both our capital markets and our outsourcing business in the valuation space.  Our commercial mortgage brokerage business involves loan origination and sales, which is growing well as liquidity returns to the investment markets. Americas’ loan origination volumes rose nearly 50% in the first quarter of 2012 versus a year earlier. We do significant work with government agencies. For 2011, the Mortgage Bankers Association ranked us number one originator of government agency loans. The volume of work with these agencies has continued to grow into 2012.  Through our joint venture with GE Capital, GEMSA, we are also one of the industry’s largest loan servicers, with over $100 billion of loans being serviced today.  In our 1.6 billion square foot Americas property and corporate facilities portfolio, we are achieving strong growth by focusing on winning trophy asset assignments from institutional loaners as well as occupiers. You saw an example on the previous slide, the 4.2 million square foot Houston center, which we are now managing for JP Morgan Investment Management.  Project leasing is also a core offering in our outsourcing portfolio, and is highly synergistic with our leasing business. We managed over $13 billion in projects during 2011. Strong growth opportunities also exist for us throughout Latin America and our Canadian operations. They now account for 11% of the Americas revenue for the first quarter of 2012.  Please turn to slide seven. These are new statistics published this month by National Real Estate Investor. You’ll see that our sales and lease transaction value in the Americas approaches or greatly exceeds the global activity for any other firm. We compete with many firms in different markets across the region. Many are focused on certain niches, such as tenant representation, or sales, or finance area. Few have the depth and breadth of our service platform, and none have achieved our scale or our market position.  Please turn to slide eight. This slide illustrates how we put our powerful platform to work for our clients. In leasing, some of our largest 2012 closed transactions are depicted here. First, we represented Carter’s, an infant clothes retailer, in connection with a lease for a 1 million square foot distribution facility outside of Atlanta. Site selection was done with the assistance of our labor analytics group. You may know that we represented Condé Nast last year in its 1 million square foot lease at One World Trade Center in New York. Condé Nast continues to grow and has taken an additional 139,000 square feet in the building. Ceva Logistics and E*Trade are both broker-led outsourcing accounts. We have long-term contracts with them to perform transaction work across the region. Accounts like these generate approximately 15% of our Americas leasing revenue. In capital markets, Hess Tower is yet another example of a great platform story. This trophy office building in Houston was developed by the Trammell Crow Company along with principal real estate investors and sold recently for a record price. Seabury Service Platform played a key role in assisting the Trammell Crow Company in principal, first in managing the asset and serving as the agent in a lease to Hess, then in the sale to H&R REIT, a Canadian open-ended REIT. Our debt and equity finance team also arranged a $250 million loan for H&R to finance the purchase. The Mount Airy transaction noted here, which closed last week, is evidence of Seabury’s unique comprehensive capabilities. This is a $165 million recapitalization of a Poconos resort and casino. Our investment banking group, CBRE Capital Advisors, acted as exclusive financial advisor and co-arranger in a syndicated loan. The last example is representative of our growing impact in Latin America. We arranged a $100 million sale of a class A asset in the heart of Santiago’s business district. CBRE’s local team in Chile collaborated with our U.S. capital markets professionals in the sale of this tower on behalf of a German open-ended fund, a truly cross-border transaction.  Please turn to slide nine. Outsourcing continues to be our single largest business line. Its 45% share of the Americas revenue in the first quarter is a little high due to seasonality, slower leasing and sales activity in the first quarter. For the full year in 2011, it accounted for 39% of the Americas revenue. The business continues to grow at a double digit pace. In asset services, we are focused on large, strategic accounts. Our goal is to deliver multiple synergistic services for those institutions and to be their preferred provider throughout the entire life cycle of their investment. There are currently about 30 strategic accounts in total. The five largest are listed here in alphabetical order. On the corporate services side, we are continuing to rapidly on-board new clients and expand our service offering with current clients. Of the record 58 contracts signed in the first quarter of 2012, more than 40 are in the Americas and others are global relationships, generally with significant Americas component. I’d like to comment on just a few of these. First, for Deloitte, we provide variable project management services for its space throughout the United States. We recently added and extended this nine-year relationship. Additionally, we won new facilities managements assignments with Microsoft and NYSE Euronext, demonstrating our ability to nurture and grow client relationships. Adventist Health Systems and the University of Cincinnati are emblematic of our increasing penetration of the healthcare and education markets. These sectors, as well as government, face enormous pressure to become more efficient, and we believe the opportunity is large as outsourcing adoption in this space is in its infancy. Now I’d like to turn the call back over to Gil.
Gil Borok:  Thank you Mike. Please advance to slide 10. Total revenue was approximately $1.35 billion for the first quarter of 2012, up 14% from last year. This increase was driven by growth in outsourcing, investment sales, investment management, commercial mortgage brokerage and to a lesser degree, leasing. Normalized EBITDA grew at a stronger pace than revenue, up 25%, to $150.5 million in the first quarter of 2012, from $120.6 million in the first quarter of 2011, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 11.1% or an increase of 90 basis points over the first quarter of 2011. Our cost of services decreased to 58% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2012, as compared to 60.2% in the first quarter of 2011. First quarter 2012 operating expenses were 32.6% of total revenue, versus 31.8% in the first quarter of 2011. This offsetting impact on the cost of services and operating expenses resulted from the inclusion of ING REIM expenses, all of which flowed through the operating expense line as opposed to cost of services. Interest expense increased by $10.3 million in the first quarter of 2012, as compared to the first quarter of 2011, primarily due to the ING REIM and Sterling Term Loan A-1 financings, which occurred after the first quarter of 2011. Our first quarter 2012 tax rate was approximately 42%. Consistent with prior years, this is seasonally higher than the anticipated full-year tax rate. We expect the full-year 2012 tax rate to be a little below 40%. First quarter 2012 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $.08 versus $.11 last year, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $.14 versus $.13 in the first quarter of 2011.  Please turn to slide 11. Property and facilities management was our largest service line in the first quarter of 2012, representing 39% of total revenue in the quarter, with a 10% increase over the first quarter of 2011. Leasing was our second largest service line, representing 27% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2012, with increases in both Asia Pacific and the Americas. Investment sales showed a solid increase of 10% in the first quarter of 2012, driven by the Americas, and accounted for 13% of this quarter’s total revenue. Global investment management revenue more than doubled quarter over quarter, driven by increases in asset management and incentive fees, attributable to the ING REIM businesses. Appraisal and valuation revenue increased 6% to $79.7 million. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue jumped 46% year over year, driven by continued capital availability, generally low interest rates, competitive spreads, and investors’ continued search for yield. Development services revenue was down approximately $3 million. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprises approximately 62% of total revenue for the first quarter of 2012.  Slide 12 demonstrates stabilized vacancy rates and effective positive absorption in all three market sectors depicted, along with forecasted improvement over the next two years. The capital and investment sales volume data that we typically show is not yet available due to our slightly earlier reporting date this quarter.  Please turn to slide 13. Sales revenue in the Americas increased 33% in the first quarter of 2012 versus the first quarter of 2011, still driven by activities in core markets. Market share data for the first quarter of 2012 is not yet available, but we are pleased to note that late last week CBRE closed the largest single asset investment sale on the west coast since 2006, the $480 million sale of Russell Investment Center in Seattle. This transaction is indicative of the activity that appears to be surfacing in secondary markets. Our Americas leasing revenue increased modestly in the first quarter of 2012, as compared to the first quarter of 2011, in line with our expectations. During the first quarter of 2012, the U.S. office vacancy rate remained constant at 16% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. The Americas outsourcing business grew a solid 11% in the first quarter of 2012 versus the first quarter of 2011.  Please turn to slide 14. Our EMEA investment sales revenue decreased 9% in the first quarter of 2012, versus the first quarter of 2011. This weakness comes as no surprise, as economic challenges in the region persist, causing market-wide investment activity to decline 18%. CBRE’s EMEA leasing revenue decreased 6% in the first quarter of 2012, versus the first quarter of 2011. This weakness stems from caution around large space commitments, somewhat upset by stability and prime rent. It should be noted that France, which had an exceptional first quarter in 2011 in transaction activity, that tapered off as 2011 progressed, was largely responsible for the decrease in sales and leasing. Outsourcing slowed a bit, with revenue only increasing 6% in the first quarter of 2012, as compared to the first quarter of 2011, driven by new assignment. EMEA decrease and normalized EBITDA resulted mainly from the reduction of the aforementioned higher-margin transaction revenues, the additional compensation expense associated with retention and severance, in part related to acquisitions, as well as slightly higher occupancy costs.  Please turn to slide 15. CBRE’s sales revenue in Asia Pacific decreased 34% in the first quarter of 2012, versus the first quarter of 2011, primarily driven by a cooling of activity across the region as decisions were delayed due to global economic uncertainty. CBRE’s leasing revenue in the Asia Pacific grew 8% in the first quarter of 2012, as compared to the first quarter of 2011. Some growth was evident in most markets, led by Australia and India. Asia Pacific saw outsourcing growth of 10% in the first quarter of 2012, versus the first quarter of 2011, as it continues to gain adoption in this region. Asia Pacific’s first quarter 2012 normalized EBITDA margin was negatively impacted by the aforementioned reduction in higher-margin investment sales revenue, investment in China and the favorable impact of a notable bonus accrual reversal in the first quarter of 2011 that did not recur this year.  Please turn to slide 16. Revenue for the development services segment totaled $14.9 million in the first quarter of 2012, versus $19.2 million in the first quarter of 2011, primarily due to a decrease in incentive fees and lower rental revenue, driven by property dispositions in the later quarters of 2011. At the end of the first quarter of 2012, in-process development totaled $4.8 billion and the pipeline totaled $1.3 billion. Our equity co-investments at the end of the first quarter of 2012 in the development services business totaled $93.6 million.  Please turn to slide 17. First quarter 2012 global investment management revenue increased to $125.2 million, from $51.4 million in the first quarter of 2011. The increase resulted from higher asset management and incentive fees, stemming from the inclusion of ING REIM, which contributed approximately $85 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2012. Assets Under Management, or AUM, totaled $95.9 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2012, up about $1.8 billion from year-end 2011, primarily due to increases in valuation and benefits from currency fluctuations. In the first quarter of 2012, total AUM in the direct real estate business was impacted by $300 million of asset acquisitions, $1.1 billion of dispositions and transfers and $1.2 billion from improvement in asset values.  In addition, currency fluctuations increased AUM by $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2012. Included in the $95.9 billion in AUM at the end of the first quarter of 2012 was $21.7 billion of listed securities. Changes in market valuation in this portfolio increased AUM by $1.9 billion in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2011. In the first quarter of 2012, in the direct real estate business, we raised new capital of approximately $400 million and had approximately $2.8 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $176.9 million.  Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 18. In the first quarter of 2012, we incurred $10 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisitions, primarily for retention and severance. As of March 31, 2012, the company maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $44 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated at a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 36% for the first quarter of 2012. If you recall, this is right within the range in which we anticipated we would operate at the time we announced the ING REIM acquisition.  Slide 19 shows our amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. This is virtually unchanged as compared to year-end 2011, and we remain very comfortable with this schedule and the flexibility it provides.  Please turn to slide 20. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use and excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of the first quarter of 2012 was approximately $1.9 billion. This represents an increase from year-end 2011, primarily due to incentive compensation payments, which are generally made in the first quarter. At the end of the first quarter of 2012, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.7%, similar to the end of 2011 when including interest rate swaps. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.81 times at the end of the first quarter of 2012 on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA stood at 2.29 times. I will now turn the call back over to Brett. 
Brett White:  Thank you Gil. And please turn to slide 21. While the commercial real estate market recovery continues to be incremental and uneven, it is recovering nonetheless. Updates on our view for the year are that outsourcing is likely to continue strong growth. Recent growth rates across the globe will track job creation, and should continue to be modest for the time being. Investment sales growth is going to be dependent on specific regional market dynamics, noting that the economic climate in EMEA is challenged and there has been a recent cooling in Asia Pacific.  And finally the investment management will benefit from a full-year contribution from the acquired ING Real Estate Investment Management businesses. With the first quarter now behind us, we are maintaining our view from year-end 2011. First, that our EPS guidance remains unchanged, and second, that we should see solid EBITDA margin expansion.  And with that, Operator, we’d be happy to take questions.  
Operator:  (Operator instructions). We have a question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Thanks, and good afternoon. Your gross margins in the first quarter were a lot higher than they were in the year-ago quarters. Just curious what drove that, because it seemed like throughout 2011, in each of those quarters, the gross margin actually declined year over year, so I’m just wondering what changed there?
Gil Borok:  Are you looking at the gross margin on the press release where they’ve normalized or not? What you’ll see is the comment that we made, that I made was with regard to ING. And all the cuts from ING are flowing through OpEx, and not to cost of services. So the mix of what flows through cost of services versus what flows through OpEx is now changed. Of course, it’s against the same denominator when you do the math. The revenue’s in the revenue number, we’ve had a shift, a fundamental shift in what flows through cost of services and OpEx because of the acquisition.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Should we assume that, I guess on the year, as the next few quarters play out that we’ll continue to see, you know, a pretty big pop? I guess it may be minimized a little bit in the latter part of the year because you had some ING last year, but it was a 200 to 300 basis point pick up on that gross margin safe to assume?
Gil Borok:  You’ve had about a 200 basis point impact on cost of services, and I think it is safe to assume, I don’t know that it will be that every quarter, but it is safe to assume that we’ll have the shift between the two, yes. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  And the roughly $17 million of transaction, do you use in investment management in the quarter. Do those more or less drop right down to EBITDA or are there any real cost that have to get accrued against those?
Gil Borok:  No, there are costs against them, there’s compensation costs that go against it for sure.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  But that wouldn’t be carried interest compensation, because it didn’t seem like you accrued much there.
Gil Borok:  It’s not carried interest, its other incentive fees.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Okay. On the facilities business, the revenue was actually down a little bit sequentially from 4Q. I was under the impression that that business is not quite as seasonal as some of the others, and you know, you picked up a lot of contracts in 4Q and you picked up a whole bunch more in 1Q, so I’m just wondering kind of how that declined sequentially?
Brett White:  Anthony its Brett. You utilize me on that question. First of all, the facility business is growing very, very rapidly. There are a lot of cats and dogs that flow through that revenue line, and I would look at this more of an aberration than any sort of trend to be concerned about. The bottom line dynamic in the facilities business right now is it’s going through historic growth at the moment, and you should expect to see generally going forward.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  And then, just in terms of your key lines, like sales and leasing, Brett or maybe Michael, can you comment on just the competitive landscape for brokers and just some of your larger competitors out there. I think last quarter Brett, you’d mentioned that. You did feel that some of the competitors out there were nipping at your heels, but you felt good about your positioning. I’m just wondering if you can give us some updated thoughts on that.
Brett White:  Sure, let me give you a short-term answer, kind of quarter to quarter, but what’s much more important is the long-term answer. It’s funny in the fourth quarter, we had a soft compare against one competitor on leasing numbers in a quarter. And we spent some time talking about that and letting all of you know that this is a very big, very powerful, integrated business, and we focus on lots of things all the time. And any time we see a competitor for our competitive position at risk, or a competitor coming in and, as you said “nipping at our heels”, we redouble our efforts to correct that situation.  Now, ironically or not, the bell of the ball this quarter is guess what? Americas. And by the way, that’s why we brought Michael Lafitte in, because that business is so much more than U.S. leasing. There’s no competitor even close to what we do in our U.S. integrated business, and that’s why we had Mike talk about it. In terms of the competitive landscape on sales and leasing, you know this industry is, and we’ve been talking about this for so many years I can’t even remember when we started. But this industry is rapidly consolidating down to two groups of players and we’ve got on the global landscape, I think we’ve got two big, high-quality, multinational integrated companies out there. And we’ve got thousands of boutique firms out there that do whatever they do really, really well in single markets or single business lines. And we’ve got these folks stuck in the middle, they’re going away so fast it’s almost hard to keep tract of it at this point. By the way, we love that dynamic. We love it because every day more and more of the accounts that we want to own, that we want to do business with, are turning to use for their services. The competitive landscape on lease and sales in the U.S. and globally is really a tale of two stories, or two tales. The first is, that in the U.S. the leasing landscape is a very, very competitive marketplace. We are dominant in that marketplace and expect to remain so. However, the competitors that we had just three years ago, some of them are gone, and that share is going to be spread among other competitors in the business, and you should expect to see that going forward. On the sale side, that marketplace is one we’ve dominated for many, many years and our competitive position in the sale space, if any, just gets better and better.  So, we like where we sit. As I said last quarter, we also like having a couple competitors nip a little bit at our heels, it makes us better, it gives us more focus. And as Mike talked about in his comments, it’s a good dynamic, and we welcome them to the party.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Do you see any advantage, or do you think there’s anything behind, you know, New Mark was purchased by a financial services firm, and they also picked up Grub and Ellis, and do you see anything behind being backed by a financial services firm going into real estate services, or anything emerging there that makes you think about, you know, just being integrated on your on platform?
Brett White:  I think it’s all interesting, and we welcome to the dance these new players. It sounds to me like the BCG, I think that’s right, it sounds like these players are sophisticated, they’re smart, they report to be well capitalized. I think that’s great. And I think that this elimination of this middle group of firms, it’s just inevitable, it’s absolutely – it’s going to get done. We’re watching it get done. And the way that that’s going to happen is, there’s only a few choices. They either go bankrupt and just disappear off the face of the earth, but these businesses have people in them. And so, if a good well-heeled company like BCG or another can come in and pick up the pieces of these failed firms, I think that’s great. I know a lot of people inside those businesses, particularly Grub and Ellis, these are high-quality good people and the fact that they’ve found a home with an owner that’s excited about the industry, I think is a plus for everybody.  I don’t think being owned by one type of owner or another is necessarily an advantage or a disadvantage. It all comes down to leadership, it all comes down to the people, and it all comes down to platform. There’s a very, very long wave that any of these aggregators need the distance to go to, to get to the level where I think these couple big multinational firms are, is a huge distance. But you know what? Having folks that want to be there, having folks that are aspirational, having folks that are putting capital into this industry is a net benefit for everybody, they make us all better, and we welcome them to the dance. It’s all good. And by the way, it’s way better, that these firms that have gone through these horrible problems that they’ve had, again it’s way better that the good things inside those firms, which is the people, have found a place to land and do business and stay in the business in the marketplace. That benefits all of us.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Thanks, and nice quarter.
Brett White:  Thank you. 
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities, please go ahead.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Thanks, hello Brad, and Gil, and Mike.
Gil Borok:  Hey, Will.
Brett White:  Hey, Will. 
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Let’s see, I have a few questions here. First we’ll start with the DNA level, and I’m wondering if you could give us an amount of visibility in terms of run rate? It was, I think, higher in the quarter, but is there some one-time cost in there?
Gil Borok:  Will, can you just repeat the first part, it was a little hard to hear you, sorry. 
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Sure, on the depreciation of the amortization of – I think, the quarter was 46 million or so, I’m just wondering what we should be looking for on a quarterly basis for the rest of the year?
Gil Borok:  Yes, sure. So, and that is a GAAP number off the press release, so again, we have a little bit of noise in the numbers. I think the increase year-over-year on a GAAP basis was 23 million, all of which 16 million was normalized. I’ll come back to that normalized number in a moment. That will not be the same each quarter, but what we’re dealing with non-normalized, if you will, then is about a $7 million increase, and there are two components to that. One is – and it’s about 50/50 – one is amortization of servicing rights and our mortgage brokerage business. We get to capitalize those up front and then we have to amortize them over the service period. So one is from the mortgage brokerage business servicing rights, one part of it is. The other part of is the intangibles that we acquired in the ING acquisition for which we cannot normalize. So we are – we have on a normalized basis about a $7 million increase year-over-year, and then on a GAAP basis it’s the 23 million and of that 16 million, about 10 of it is the result of incentive fees that we received during the quarter in the ING REIM business, so the normalization will go down as the year progresses. 
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, so it’s closer to 30 million for the quarter.
Gil Borok:  Correct.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay. All right, I think I got it. 
Gil Borok:  Exactly.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Okay. Looking at investment management specifically, how should we think about revenue seasonality in that business?
Brett White:  You know, let me – Will, let me just give you a general answer on this. It’s becoming a lot less seasonal then it used to be. And that is a combination of a number of different dynamics, but I think you should think about the investment management business now as a very large business that has a high proportion of core funds and assets within it and the way in which we’re paid for that business is now a lot smoother than it used to be. Gil, you want to add anything to that?
Gil Borok:  I think that’s right on, because we have more – much more poor funds in it, so it’s much more readable.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, and then just a couple other things. One, on – in looking at the guidance, can you just remind us what that would assume? I think you said in the past – in normal years it was with development gains.
Gil Borok:  You mean in terms of what the guidance implies?
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Yes, thank you.
Gil Borok:  Well, you know, it’s all in Will, right? So we don’t and – you know, we’ve never really broken out component pieces, we are certainly in the third year of a recovery, and I think the most I can say to you is the guidance anticipated that, and we haven’t changed our view at the moment.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Okay, and last question, anything in terms of the next three quarters – should we look at any of as having more difficult comp than another?
Gil Borok:  Well, again the guidance would incorporate that and we’ve talked about that in terms of a full year, but of course, and maybe you’re getting back at the developing it, you’ve got to – I don’t recall them off the top of my head which quarter they necessarily hit. And maybe this is what you were alluding to. We did call out $32 million of development gains in the fourth quarter as being out sized, but that business has gains every year, and the guidance that we have this year would incorporate the gains that we think would be reoccurring. So we had an outsided number, you know, in the 50 millions, but it’s not going to be that this year, and we said that on the last call, but there will be some runway of gains – that’s what that business does and that’s incorporated in the guidance.  So it would only – the only things that would really stand out, and you really have to go back and analyze it quarter by quarter, I can’t do that on the call here, we could one-on-one if you need to, but is when the gains hit and when carried into it hits into the good and to the bad, those are the biggest things that would be [inaudible] to a quarter. 
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill/Lynch:  Sure, I wanted to get an update on the four drivers of US leasing, you know, average term length, average rent, average square footage per deal, and then deal velocity if I could.
Brett White:  You know, David, let me do this. We are fortunate to have Mike Lafitte on the phone call, actually dialing in from Dallas. And on that specific question, I want to come back to that in a minute, but Mike, I would like to take you back for a moment to the question on the competitive landscape, maybe you could add a couple of comments on how that landscape feels to you at the moment in both sale and leasing. And then Mike, I’ve got some things here I could give to David on the velocity and so forth, but you want to talk about it just the way it feel to you Mike, I think that would fine as well.
Mike Lafitte:  Sure, I would be happy to do that – you know, obviously the leasing and the sale businesses is a very competitive marketplace, it always has been. The distress that we have seen with some of our competitors over the last couple of years has frankly benefited us. We’ve been able to attract talent from some of those that were experiencing distress. So nothing has really changed, I think, as it relates to the playing field that we see in the America on the – in terms of just the industry dynamics. Certainly some of the names are emerging in that middle tear – you know, there really is a fight for three, and four, and five kind of those places in the space – you know, all good brands, and all good people, and all of that, but it’s really interesting kind of watching it all play out and how those – and Brett commented on that. And I think about some of the – and Brett, you may comment on some of those specific metrics that we do follow.
Brett White:  Sure.
Mike Lafitte:  As it relates to the leasing drivers, I would say, David, a couple of things that I think about that are bigger drivers than some of those metrics ultimately that drive, you know, the vouchers and revenues and commissions in that business. The first is our customers, you know, just landing new customers – we’re very active on that, both for on our investor side of our business as well as our occupiers. We’re deep in mid-cash, we’re deep in healthcare, so, we’re very focused on landing new customers, and we’re doing that a lot.  The second I would say is productivity advances that we’re focused on around our leasing professionals; training, specialty practice groups that are raising up in very specific niches, they are really take us into new areas, they can actually expand our own business.  Certainly strategic hiring is part of it, and we’ve continued to remain very active on the hiring front through all of the down turn, we are always in the marketplace for great talent. Through ’08, and ’09, and ’10, and ’11, we were adding and retracting great talent to our company at the mid and the higher levels for the most parts – always with a program to grow our own.  And then, lastly, is improving fundamentals that I think will – that are ahead of us in some of those metrics that you asked about, and now Gil and Brett, you may want to comment on those metrics that we do track. But then the fundamentals are improving and that is, I think, good news ahead, although it’s slower growth on the leasing side of what we are seeing certainly on the sales side.
Brett White:  Well, well said Mike, thank you. And David, just on the numbers, let me fill in some numbers that Mike was referencing.  First, on the fundamentals, as you saw from the deck, what we’re seeing in marketplaces, not surprising at all – we’re in, again, I think, early innings of a protract to a recovery, all though it’s uneven and incremental. So they can see rates are very slowly coming down. We’re seeing absorption, positive absorption bounce around, but it is positive. And we’re seeing CAP rates on slowly coming down as well. All of that, of course, is what Mike is referring to, and it augers towards an improving recovery as we look forward.  On the actual sale and lease numbers for the U.S., I’ll give you a few numbers. On the sale side, what we had was a fairly strong pick up in number of transactions first quarter 2011, or first quarter ’12, and in the U.S., for instance, that was 11% higher. On the average transaction side, and again this is just U.S., it’s not Americas, what we saw there was a 25% increase in transaction size, and these together produce a 37% increase in reported sales revenue first-quarter-over-first-quarter, year-over-year. Now, I want you to be careful, these numbers bounce around, because we are the early stages of recovery, but that’s what sales was for the first quarter.  On the leasing side, it was generally flat year-over-year, and we look at office leasing and where the real pick up was, was actually in retail and industrial. And those together gave us, in the U.S. at least, a 5% increase in reported leasing revenue year-over-year.  Again, these numbers bounce around because that’s where we are at this point in the cycle, but as Mike said, and as we’ve mentioned in our deck here, the leasing business is all about job growth, and job growth has been true net job growth has not been anything to write home about for a while. When that picks up and it will, leasing numbers will pick up along with it, and sometimes they pick up in an outsized way when you see real job growth. The sale side actually is chugging along in the U.S. pretty well, and we talk about the slowness in Europe and Asia. 
David Ridley-Lane – Bank of America Merrill/Lynch :  All right, great. And one more question on different topic – European investment sales volumes, I’m sure you’ve been getting assignments, but I’ve been reading that a couple of European banks have suspended their commercial real estate operations, altogether. I’m just wondering, you know, from your perspective how are lending conditions in Europe now, and – you know, how you see that affecting you over the next couple of quarters?
Brett White:  You know, it’s all – you know, usually we get these questions about New York, so, one reason the headline in New York, and they extrapolate that that’s the world. And I – the point that I’m trying to make, and not very well, is that in Europe you do have a couple of banks that are out – more than a couple that are out of the commercial real estate lending market. There’s lots of capital flowing around the world that can support the purchase of high quality, investment grade, commercial real estate. Now that having been said, you know, the real issue at the moment in Europe is just uncertainty, and it’s – you know, whenever we talk about this, we talk about it in 2008, 2009, 2010, and last year. When you have uncertainty in a market place it makes it hard to find pricing, and – so, when there’s uncertainty in the market place, people just slow down and they take their time and they do a lot more work to make sure that they have got a view on pricing, and right now in Europe, I think the story is more about uncertainty in the market place which slows down transaction volume, if it is a lack of financing to buy an asset. If you and I want to go out to London, or to Paris, or to Amsterdam, or for that matter New York, or Huston, or L.A., and buy a high quality asset, we’ll get the financing to do it. It’s – that’s not really the major driver of the slowing that we’re seeing – it’s a piece of it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our next question is from the line of Brandon Dobell with William, Blair. Please go ahead. 
Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : Hi, thanks. First question, given the pace of wins in new space you guys are riding in the corporate business, how do we think about the – I guess the margin dilution near term? And when or at what point should we see I guess those margin comparisons get easier; i.e. where the income margins from the existing contracts are strong enough to offset the upfront spend on the new wins you guys are putting on? 
Brett White:  Right. I’m going to let Gil and I both take this question. I just wanted, personally, it’s a very good question. It’s one that we talked about at the Q4 2011 call. And we’re in an interesting environment in that we’re winning so much business right now that it’s actually hurting the margin a bit because these are big, big accounts and they come in, you know, depending on the account, they could turn run rate margin level and profitable six months in, but more likely, it might be a year in or even a bit more.  So it’s an interesting – it’s a high-class problem to have that we’re winning so much new business that this now is impactful in a negative way on the margins. And as I said on the fourth quarter call, if you just kind of do the math in your head, if you want the margins to move up nicely, you actually stop winning new business and then you’d get there in 8 to 12 months. We’re not going to stop winning new business. But I do think that this pace of winning, it’s unprecedented. I’ve never seen anything like it.  And I think that that will normalize and become a steadier process for us in the last couple of years. But the margins will get back to a number that I think is more typical for us; part of it will be these accounts, these big, big accounts we’re getting, seasoning in, part will be just a change in marketplace.  Again, we’ve got an expert on the phone that might want to speak with us. Mike, you understand the question well, and this is the issue of we bring in these huge accounts, we don’t necessarily lose money on them in the early days, but we certainly aren’t making a lot of money. And the question, I think, the analyst-investors are trying to get their head around is, you know, how does that play out in the midterm? And the answer you heard what we’re saying. Any opinions on this, Mike? 
Unidentified Company Representative:  Well, I guess the other thing I would add is the other lines of business are growing at equal or even some of the lines of business, capital markets, has been growing at a faster rate. So when you consider the margins of the entire business and you think about our higher margin business lines, certainly investment management, certainly capital markets when it is stabilized and going into markets like we’re in today, which we’re still operating at 60 to 70% of where we were in peek of ’07. I would submit to you that the overall margins of the business, again, and the diversification of the entire pie really don’t dilute.  Yes, on the front end, there’s transition costs on these GSC accounts, but we’ve been able to manage that year after year into the business, we plan for it. It’s the investments that then also fuel the growth of our business. So we are investing back into our platform in a big way; in people and in technology and all those things. I would submit to you that our corporate services professionals would say yes, the more GCS business we’re going to add in overall relative to all of our lines of business may not be the highest margin business, but I would submit that they’re all still – you know, have night trajectories – trajectory of growth. And our margins are pretty consistent year over year in that business. It’s not a loss leader by any stretch. We’re in that business to make money and find new ways to serve our clients in the higher-end margin pieces too. So if we land an FM account, it’s not unusual to find ourselves in a consulting role, doing capital markets transactions, doing sale leaseback transactions and adding on other services that can bolt onto those relationships.  So often times they are the gateway to just tremendous activity down the road with very, very long, 15-20 year, relationships. 
Brett White: And Mike makes a good point here. I just want to stress it for our callers, which is the way in which we account within our P&L the various revenues that flow off of various business can be a little tricky. And so when you look at a single line and you look at the outsourcing business, for instance, and you all know this on the phone call. It is not the entire picture. Lots of the higher margin revenues that flow off these accounts aren’t captured in that segment. They’re captured in leasing, they’re captured in – as Mike just said, they’re captured in sales, they’re captured in valuation. And so just to paraphrase or say a different way from what Mike said, when we tell you that in 2012, in a very tricky global economic environment, that our margins will see solid growth, part of the story there is higher margin work flowing from these corporate accounts, even though the corporate account segment you’re looking at, but it looked like the margins went down a bit because these businesses came in, transient costs, et cetera.  So I think Mike makes a very good point. The big picture story here is that this business, the other businesses we have all play a role in a firm that’s been able to grow margins quarter, over quarter, over quarter in up cycles and we intend to continue that going forward.  And by the way, you know, if having growth like this in the outsourcing business is one of the things we take massive pride in. These are the absolute best in class world corporations who are trusting with us the facilities they work in. This is great, great stuff we’re seeing here. 
Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : I think Gil touched a little bit on secondary market activity and kind of a twofold question there. One would be, you know, pace of a recovery in the secondary markets for investment sales and Gil, did your comment also include leasing or should we not assume that secondary markets are showing the same kind of trajectory for recovery and leasing or growth and leasing as they are for the [inaudible] business now? 
Brett White:  Yes, Gil’s going to let me catch this one. I can’t help myself. But here’s what I would say. Again, I want to go back to the same thing, which is we’re in the early quarters of what I think is going to be a very exciting attractive recovery in the asset class. And this is a particularly rocky, uneven recovery. So – and you know this as well as anyone on the phone call, where we saw recovery start was in the safest places, whether it was leasing or sales, what we saw when the recover was people begin to make investments whether they’re owners or occupiers in those places they thought were bulletproof. If they’re buying an asset, it was made in Manhattan, you’re going to open a data center or you were going to expand a corporate office, you were doing it in the places where you felt most certain about your business.  As this recovery seasons, that recovery, and Gil referenced this earlier, that recovery begins to move a bit up the risk spectrum. And so what you see is, you see assets and you’ve probably seen this personally, you’ve seen assets begin to trade in areas outside of Main and Main in Manhattan. You see corporate, whether it’s retailer or industrial logistics firms, or big office clients, they begin to do things in markets outside of the major world financial centers. It’s absolutely typical for an early-stage recovery and what we said a couple quarters ago, I just want to remind you again is, let’s look forward a year from now, or whether it’s three quarters or five quarters or whatever it’s going to be, this – the strength you see in the major markets in both leasing and sales will have spread out to the secondary and even some of the tertiary markets. That’s just a cycle this business goes through and will go through for a very long time, I think. 
Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : And final question for me; I guess the conversion of the pipeline in I guess the three major segments; sales, leasing and outsourcing appropriate services, I guess pace or the kind of feel of conversation as you work through the first quarter, how did that compare to either what it felt like last year’s first quarter or what it felt like in the fourth quarter? Was there more predictability, less predictability, good things happening or, you know, out of the blue, or deals getting pushed kind of out of the blue? I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of how to compare your kind of costs of optimism shown with what we would have seen the past several quarters. 
Brett White: So I think the answer lies in the results. And what you saw in the results was that we saw in Europe and Asia accruing of the investment property markets. So definitionally what – let me translate that for you. What you saw was hesitancy in closings. What you saw was protracted closings. What you saw was canceled closings. When you see an investment – capital market cool down, that’s what’s going on. On the leasing side, it’s a little bit different. On the leasing side, generally speaking, when occupiers launch a property search and they get into a negotiation to lease 20,000 square feet of retail or 100,000 square feet of office, they don’t generally collapse negotiations and walk away. It’s a little more – I guess it’s a little more sticky and that’s why, by the way, the leafing – if you look over the last 20 years, just look at the deltas in leasing revenues, they are much, much less volatile than what you see in the capital markets and it’s a lot about that. I think anecdotally, what I would say to you is that for the last eight quarters, what we’ve seen is [inaudible] and starts. And you and I have talked about it, it’s, you know, you get some traction going in the spring of 2011 and people feel that things are a lot better and then there’s a shock to the system, the euro sovereign debt issue. And the suddenly the brakes are put on again. And then you get some traction again and then there’s China housing bubble issue.  I think that we’re going to continue to see these kinds of things through the business until this recovery really gets it’s sea legs and it’s not there. It’s getting incrementally better every quarter. The fundamentals that Mike Lafitte referenced are getting better every quarter. But it’s going to be a bumpy ride I think for a bit.  But again, I want to put that in context. You know, if I’m describing a bumpy ride and revenues are up 14% for the quarter and EBITDA is up 25% for the quarter and we’re reaffirming guidance, we’re telling you our margins are going to expand, I’ll take that bumpy ride all day long. 
Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : Yes. I appreciate the commentary. Thanks, Brett.
Brett White:  You bet. 
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Thanks. Your cash balance declined from year end as expected. You guys paid bonuses and so forth. But if you look at where – your guidance and so forth is, if you hit numbers, it seems like your cash balance would start to go back up to close to a billion dollars. I’m just wondering how you’re thinking about use of that cash and just perhaps acquisition opportunities that might be out there. 
Gil Borok:  Good question. You’re absolutely right on the first quarter activity, obviously with the seasonality of the business, the balance will come down and then it ought to build as the year progresses. The top of mind for us is de-levering. I’ll remind you that we do have – we don’t have debt coming due, but we do have callable debt in June of 2013. And that is like expensive at 11.625% debt. So I won’t give a definitive, but I think logic would suggest that we need to look at that very carefully.  M&A is always something that we look at, you know we do it and we do it well. And it is, again, something that is on the menu of items. But short of something that is going to be accretive and very positive for us and strategic, de-levering is really the order of the day. And we’ve got a reason to do it with expensive debt coming due in June of ’13. But at the moment, we’re in a bit of wait-and-see, that is looming and we are still in early days in terms of the cycle, so there may be opportunities, nothing definitive enough that we are going to talk about. It’s just a function of where we are in the cycle that we’ve got these two opportunities I suppose to utilize cash. But de-levering is top of mind. 
Brett White:  I’m just going to add to that, Anthony, and I agree 100% with what Gil just said. I’ll just add to this that at – in a market environment like we’re in, M&A is something that, first of all, it’s dial tone for us. So we’re always looking at what’s out there and available. You’re just going to see probably a little bit less of it in a marketplace like this. If Gil said, you know, de-levering is certainly at the top of our list, there’s a lot of movement in the market right now in terms of very small M&A, but not much is very attractive. And we have our priorities at the moment that are not really built around doing 100 M&A deals this year. We’ve got this world class platform now, top business line in every business line we’re in and really leveraging the synergies of this business lines and growing our business now with this great platform, it’s a very, very exciting proposition.  If an opportunity arises out in the marketplace, as we’ve always said before, you know, in a good market or bad, and this I would describe as a pretty good market, we’re going to look at it. But the high-quality opportunities are few and far between at the moment. 
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Brett White:  Sure. 
Operator:  And I’ll turn it back to our speakers for any closing remarks. 
Brett White:  Great. Well, thanks, everybody. We’ll talk to you in another quarter. Bye. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - IR Brett White - CEO Gil Borok - CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Nick Kormeluk of Investor Relations.
Nick Kormeluk: About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our 2011 financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled Forward Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and ability to successfully integrate ING REIM businesses. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our fourth quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website, sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to Slide 3. Participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. Welcome everybody and please turn to Slide 4. The cyclical recovery in commercial real estate is now entering its third year. As we predicted in late 2010, the current recovery is slower, more uneven and more difficult to forecast than those we've experienced in the past. As a result, the relative contributions from our various service lines and geographies in 2011 were a bit different than we had originally envisioned. Nevertheless, we provided earnings guidance at the outset of 2011, reaffirmed that guidance during the course of the year and now have produced full year results at the high end of our guidance range. We are pleased with this outcome. It underscores our ability to deliver on the expectations we set for our shareholders as we do for our clients. And we thank and acknowledge our CBRE colleagues around the world for another in a series of terrific years. For the full year 2011, revenue increased 15% to almost $6 billion. And normalized EBITDA increased to $803 million both second best in company history behind 2007. Normalized EBITDA margin for the year grew to 13.6%. Normalized diluted earnings per share came in at $1.03 which is almost 40% above full year 2010 and as I mentioned near the top end of our $0.95 to $1.05 guidance range. Total Q4 2011 revenues were $1.8 billion, a 7% increase over Q4 2010, with positive revenue growth in every region. Outsourcing growth continued its strong pace with a total increase of 14% and double-digit contributions from all regions. Investment sales revenue increased 10%, driven by continued growth in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, while EMEA remained relatively flat in light of continued sovereign debt issues in the region. While recent revenues exceeded 2007 peak levels for the full year, in Q4 2011 they declined 4% as compared to Q4 2010. This decline resulted from a decrease in the Americas, while EMEA and Asia-Pacific leasing continued to grow. The decrease in Americas leasing compares to Q4 2010 that grew 45% versus Q4 2009 and was also indicative of the continued lack of meaningful U.S. job growth. Asset management fees more than doubled, primarily due to contributions from businesses acquired from ING during the year. These revenue gains were partially offset by a lack of carried interest revenue, which was almost $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Normalized EBITDA increased to $350 million in Q4 2011 from $253 million in Q4 2010. Our Q4 normalized EBITDA margin was 17.8% versus 15.3% in Q4 2010. This very impressive 250 basis point margin expansion was partially attributable to cost reduction actions we took during and preceding Q4 2011, some of which were reflected in the $31 million cost containment charge we recorded during the quarter. We are cautiously optimistic that the recovery will improve in 2012, but our onboarding new expense at a measured pace, in order to protect and enhance margins and profitability in 2012. Some have been most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on Slide 5. As usual, I will not go through them individually, but we have included them for your review. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Gil to go over the financial results in detail. Gil?
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to Slide 6. As Brett already mentioned, total revenue was $1.8 billion for the fourth quarter of 2011, up 7% from last year. This increase was driven by growth in outsourcing, investment sales, investment management, commercial mortgage brokerage and development services. Normalized EBITDA grew at a much faster pace than revenue, up 24% to $314.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 from $253.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 17.8%, our highest quarterly normalized EBITDA margin since the second quarter of 2007. In the fourth quarter of 2011 in our regional segments, we recognized cost containment expenses totaling $31.1 million, of which $20 million was in cost of services and $11.1 million was in operating expenses. The Americas totaled $15.6 million, EMEA totaled $11.1 million and Asia-Pacific totaled $4.4 million. These costs were predominantly related to severance for approximately 500 positions globally. This action was taken to calibrate our staffing levels to the current market environment and was executed with care to among other things and showed no impact on the delivery of client service. We expect resulting savings of approximately $40 million in 2012 from these actions. Our cost of services increased to 57.2% of total revenue in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus 56.4% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the cost containment expenses just mentioned, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 56.1% for the fourth quarter of 2011, a slight decrease versus 56.3% in the prior-year quarter. Fourth quarter 2011 operating expenses were 34.2% of total revenue versus 31.6% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the cost containment expenses and integration in other costs related to ING REIM, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 31% for the fourth quarter of 2011, a slight decrease versus 31.2% in the prior-year quarter. This decrease was despite the inclusion of ING REIM operating expenses all of which flow to the operating expense line as oppose to cost of services. Interest expense increased slightly by $1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily due to the ING REIM and sterling term loan A1 financings, partially offset by lower interest rates, resulting from our refinancing activities in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our fourth quarter 2011 tax rate was approximately 38%, resulting in a full year tax rate of approximately 40%. We expect the full year 2012 tax rate to be slightly below 2011's rate, primarily due to a mix shift from the inclusion of ING REIM for a full year. Our Q4 2011 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.25 versus $0.30 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.46 versus $0.36 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Please turn to Slide 7. Due in part to seasonality and even with a 4% percent decline on a year-over-year basis, leasing was our largest service line in the fourth quarter of 2011, with revenue of $590.8 million and represented 33% of total company revenue in the fourth quarter of 2011. The 4% decrease was partly due to a tough comparison in the U.S. versus the fourth quarter of 2010. Leasing revenue for the full year 2011 set a new record for the company at $1.91 billion, surpassing the 2007 peak revenue year of $1.87 billion. Property and facilities management was our second largest service line in the fourth quarter of 2011, representing 31% of total revenue in the quarter with a 14% increase over the fourth quarter of 2010. Investment sales showed a solid increase of 10% in the fourth quarter of 2011 and accounted for 18% of fourth quarter 2011 revenues in its seasonally strongest quarter. Appraisal and valuation revenue was relatively flat as compared to last year at $108.9 million due to an outside valuation fee recorded in China in the prior year fourth quarter, largely offset by an acquisition in Asia-Pacific in the second quarter of 2011 and higher revenues in EMEA. Global investment and management revenue increased 44% quarter-over-quarter, driven by increases in asset management fees, largely attributable to the ING REIM businesses that we acquired. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue posted one of our strongest quarterly year-over-year increases with 25% growth driven by strong capital availability, also low interest rates, competitive spreads and investors continued search for yield. Development services revenue was up 7%. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprised approximately 56% of total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2011. Please turn to Slide 8. Outsourcing business growth remains strong this quarter with revenue up 14% versus the fourth quarter of 2010. This was driven by new account growth, client renewals and expansions, as well as acquisitions in EMEA. Strong performance was evident across all regions particularly EMEA and Asia Pacific.  In the fourth quarter of 2011, contract activity remains solid with 13 year account signed, 10 renewals and 10 expansions. We are very pleased to cross a major performance milestone in outsourcing in 2011 that being the $2 billion revenue mark. We are even more pleased that there is plenty of room to grow this business line particularly outside the Americas. And we continue to target higher milestone. Slide 9 demonstrate the stabilized or improving vacancy rates and positive absorption in all three market sectors depicted, along with our forecasted improvement over the next two years. Average national office cap rates remained stable in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the third quarter of 2011 and showed slight year-over-year improvement primarily due to strength in core and Class A property sales. Please turn to Slide 10. Sales revenue in the Americas continued to be strong with a 15% increase in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Our U.S. Investment Sales market shared totaled 16.4% for the fourth quarter of 2011 according to real capital analytics which represented a significant 110 basis points improvement versus the fourth quarter of 2010 market share of 15.3%. Our lead over the number two firm was more than 500 basis points. Our Americas leasing revenue decreased 9% in the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, largely due to a tough comparison with the fourth quarter of 2010 when revenue rose 45% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 and as a result of our lack of meaningful employment growth. During the fourth quarter of 2011, the U.S. occupancy rates fell by 20 basis points to 16% from the third quarter of 2011. The Americas outsourcing business grew 10% in the fourth quarter of 2011 and full year Americas outsourcing revenue improved 12% in 2011. Please turn to Slide 11. Our EMEA investment sales revenue was relatively flat in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2010. Pockets of strength were evident in Northern Europe. CBRE's EMEA leasing revenue grew 11% in the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. These positive results were achieved despite heightened macro economic issues in the region and were driven by Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom. Outsourcing continued its strong rate with revenue increasing 17% in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2010 driven by new assignment. However, revenue mix shift into outsourcing did have a slightly negative impact on EMEAs normalized EBITDA margins this quarter which was mitigated through cost controls resulting in an overall normalized EBITDA margin increase as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Please turn to Slide 12. CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased 11% in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2010 primarily driven by China and Japan. CBRE’s leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew 3% in the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. The strongest gains came from Australia, Japan and India partially offset by Singapore where the market has cooled as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Asia Pacific saw outsourcing growth of 36% in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2010, as it continues to gain adoption in this region. The strongest contributions were from Australia, China and India. Asia Pacific's fourth quarter 2011 normalized EBITDA margin was negatively impacted as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 due to the outsized valuation we recorded in China in the prior year as well as the expansion in that country. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the Development Services segment increased 15% to $22.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 versus $19.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily due to higher development in project management fees. Operating results for the fourth quarter of 2011 reflected normalized EBITDA of $52.1 million, a significant improvement over prior year that was driven by the sale of several high quality assets including two of particular note in the Houston and Dallas markets respectively. These two sales contributed approximately $33 million of net gain to the company in the fourth quarter of 2011. At year end 2011, in process development totaled $4.9 billion and the pipeline totaled $1.2 billion. At the end of the year, our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $79.2 million. Please turn to Slide 14. Let me quickly recap for you the pertinent details of our ING REIM acquisition. On July 1, 2011, we closed on ING Clarion Real Estate Securities for $324 million and $59 million in co-investments. On October 3, 2011, we closed on ING REIM Asia for $46 million and $14 million in co-investments. On October 31, 2011, we closed on ING REIM Europe for $443 million and $7 million in co-investments. This totaled $813 million in purchase price and $80 million in co-investments as well as $67 million in transaction and integration costs through yearend. The assets under management or AUM associated with this acquisition were $62.4 billion as calculated at yearend 2011. The remaining potential cash needs for this acquisition are additional purchase price of approximately $80 million, if certain assets are transferred to us, up to approximately $70 million in potential additional co-investments and approximately $79 million in additional transaction and integration costs. The total cost of this transaction, including these remaining potential costs, is in line with our original estimates. As you may recall, we financed the acquisition with cash and two $400 million tranches of term loans during 2018 and 2019 respectively that are at terms of LIBOR plus 325 and 350 respectively and no liable floors. In the fourth quarter of 2011, our global investment management segment's revenue was up 35% to $107.8 million from $79.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The increase resulted from higher asset management fees primarily stemming from the inclusion of ING REIM, which contributed approximately $60 million in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2011. This contribution was partially offset by the absence of any carried interest revenue in the quarter. In last year's fourth quarter, we recognized $19.9 million of carried interest revenue as well as moderately higher acquisition fees and rental revenue. AUM totaled $94.1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011, up about 150% from yearend 2010, primarily due to the inclusion of ING REIM assets added in the fourth quarter which totaled $41.1 billion. In the fourth quarter of 2011, total AUM in the direct real estate business was impacted by $1.2 billion of asset acquisitions other than ING REIM, $2.1 billion of dispositions and transfers and $100 million of improvement in asset values. In addition, currency fluctuations lowered AUM by $1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year 2011, in the direct real estate business, we raised new capital of approximately $2.5 billion and had approximately $2.7 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. Included in the $94.1 billion in AUM at the end of 2011 was $19.8 billion of listed securities. Net inflows and changes in market valuation of the securities portfolio increased AUM by $1.3 billion in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2011. Our co-investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $169.6 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on Slide 15. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we incurred $45 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisitions primarily for legal and other professional services, retention and severance. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we recorded $10.5 million of carried interest compensation expense which relates to carried interest revenue that we expect to realize in future periods. As of December 31, 2011, the company maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $44 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated at a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 25% for the fourth quarter of 2011. The decrease as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 was a result of reduced carried interest revenue, the reversal of a significant provision for doubtful accounts related to a specific fund and larger equity earnings in the prior-year fourth quarter, partially offset by the EBITDA contribution from ING REIM. Please turn to Slide 16. Slide 16 shows the amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. On November 10, 2011, we closed on a senior secured sterling-denominated term loan A1 facility in the amount of approximately $300 million due in May 2016 with favorable returns substantially similar to our existing term loan A facility. We remain very comfortable with our balance debt maturity profile with no meaningful maturities until 2015. We're also please with our strong overall balance sheet position as it provides us the flexibility to capitalize on additional strategic growth opportunities and other corporate initiatives. Please turn into Slide 17. Excluding cash within consolidated funds and other entities not available for company use, our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities, our total net debt at the end of 2011 was approximately $1.6 billion. This represents an increase from yearend 2010, primarily due to term loan borrowings to finance the acquisition of ING REIM. At yearend 2011, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.3% compared to 5.5% at the end of the third quarter of 2011. The lower average interest rate was primarily driven by the senior secured sterling term loan A1 completed in the fourth quarter of 2011. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.53 times at the end of 2011 on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to EBITDA stood at 2.05 times, which is significantly lower than the 2.5 times we projected that this ratio would be following the acquisition of all of ING REIM. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to Slide 18. We believe that the commercial real estate market will continue to recover in 2012 despite continued macro challenges. As for our business, we expect to grow both earnings and normalized EBITDA margins even in this soft transaction environment. Outsourcing of revenue is likely to grow in the low-double digits, one of the faster growth rates among our service lines. Investment sales will grow in line with a broader economic recovery with core assets still being the driver, but with increasing contribution from secondary market recoveries. Leasing growth rates will likely be modest and heavily weighted toward the third and fourth quarters. Any revenue increase in this business would be driven by meaningful employment growth and rental rate improvement in the Americas and elsewhere. EBITDA in investment management will be higher than 2011 due to full year impact of the businesses acquired from ING, while development services EBITDA will be lower due to large gains Gil mentioned we achieved in 2011. By taking advantage of the revenue growth drivers just mentioned and continuing our focus on effective cost controls, our goal is to again achieve 2012 normalized EBITDA margins greater than we achieved in 2011. It is important to note that 2012 performance is likely to be more backend loaded than usual due to the slow transaction environment we have experienced in the heightened market uncertainty. Our outlook for 2012 assumes a pickup in job growth, economic activity and sentiment by the summer. Giving due consideration to all of these factors as well as anticipated higher interest depreciation and amortization expense mainly as a result of the inclusion of ING REIM for the full year, we currently anticipate that full year 2012 normalized earnings per share will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25. As we told you last year, forecasting EPS in an environment such as this is exceptionally difficult. We may very well update this guidance throughout the year as full year trends become clear. With that, operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Gil, I was wondering if you could help us with the OpEx and just cleaning that up and taking out some of the things like the severance and just charges related to ING and so forth and give us a sense as to where that number on clean basis was in the quarter and how to think about these cost cuts going into 2012.
Gil Borok: Tony, I think the best way to talk through it is to go back to my comments, which suggested that if you take out the cost containment expenses that are in operating expenses, we get to a percentage of revenue that's 31% on a comparable basis to prior year of 31.2%. And that would take out what we've normalized essentially in the operating expense line. And in that line, I think we have $11 million of such costs. So whatever is on the P&L, you can take $11 million out for OpEx for cost containment. And in addition, we have about $45 million of integration cost in that line associated with ING REIM. So a total of about $55 million.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And you mentioned $40 million of savings in 2012 from the severance that you talked about in the quarter. Is there more to come there? Where are you with those expense cuts?
Gil Borok: The $40 million is the savings from the action taken in the fourth quarter, which approximates to about 500 positions. So that's the run rate savings in '12 or full year savings that we project from these actions. And at the moment, that's what we have taken to rightsize expense against where we think revenues are going to be against the market environment.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: So you're done in terms of those cost initiatives for now?
Gil Borok: Correct.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: On the leasing side, do you have a sense as to how your market share was in the key regions?
Brett White: We believe that as we've mentioned before that we are by far leasing brokerage from in those financial world markets. I don't believe it has changed anywhere over the past few years. It is absolutely true, and we're excited about this. For a long time, we've got a competitor that is really nipping at our heels at leasing in certain markets, and it's great to have them. It's been a while since we've had anyone really anywhere where we're at in leasing business, and we look forward to a good fight for share going forward. But I would say that we picked up decent share in most markets and we remained by a pretty good margin the number one leasing firm in most of the major world markets.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: When you look at your comps versus some of your competitors for the quarter, Brett, are you still satisfied by the performance there and really chalk it up to the tough comp from back in 2010, or do you think that's a business that is simply getting more competitive, as you alluded to, with competitor nipping at your heels?
Brett White: I think the quarter is somewhat irrelevant. I think the full year numbers are more relevant. But the trend you're referring to exists in the full year numbers as well. And I think there is a lot of things going on in those numbers and it's different by geography both globally and within the United States. I think the bottomline for us is we have a very, very strong commercial leasing business in most of the major world markets, but there is no doubt that it's getting more competitive everyday. And I think what you're going to see by the way is, and this is very consistent with what we've been talking about for years, this business is rapidly consolidating down to a very small number of players. And the trend you're referring to, that player along with us I believe is going to capture the vast majority of the available share going forward. And I suspect the quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, those numbers will move a bit back and forth. That trend is absolute. And I suspect that the mid-tier firms and the smaller firms, you're just going to see them lose more and more share every quarter and every year and move more of that share on board to these two firms that are the demonstrated market leaders. I think I'm pleased with the position we have in the major markets, and I think that at the same time, we've got a lot of work to do to retain that number one position in every major world market, because it's under attack everywhere and it's something that we pay attention to. But, yes, I'm generally pleased with results.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: On the outsourcing side, the gross rate there has been quite high and I was wondering if you can break that out between how much of it is being driven from added contracts versus pricing, say changes for existing contracts or say, existing client expanding contract?
Brett White: In Gil's script, he mentioned the number, new contracts, the number of expansions. And, Gil, do you want to just remind me with what those numbers where?
Gil Borok: Yes, I have it for the quarter, Brett.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Do you have full year or no?
Gil Borok: I don't have the full year handy, but we disclosed it every quarter, Anthony.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And so for the quarter, it was?
Gil Borok: For the quarter, I believe it was 13 new, 10 renewals and 10 expansion.
Brett White: And I would say that the general story on the corporate services space at the moment is that, this does remain a very, very competitive marketplace and there are lots of players that are in that marketplace. We believe we capture a very good share of that space both in terms of new clients entering market but also when existing clients to go re-bid.  And I don't have the statistic for the fourth quarter. Our loss rate is almost zero. It's a very, very rare day that a client terminates us in that space and goes with somebody else and we un-board it, in 2011 and particularly in the fourth quarter, some very impressive clients. I think what you're going to see, Anthony, in 2012 and going forward is that this market is advancing much more quickly than we thought it would. That's good news and it's advancing globally, also more quickly than we thought it would and that's also very good news. Yet its no secret to you, these contracts come with significant upfront cost and they can be punishing to short term margins, although we price them and make absolutely certain as we price them that one those accounts stabilize, their run rates margins are very good. But you're going to see I think forever and going forward and you've seen in 2011 that these are very expensive accounts that come in with real cost and for quarter or two they can materially hurt a margins a bit but if you have an no problem, they're hit and run rate we can cover all that more with the terrific performance of the existing accounts. But we're really, really excited about that business. And you saw that more than half of our gross in the fourth quarter came from outsourcing. So its been extremely helpful to the company as well as you know last four years.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: My question is more towards, I appreciate all that colors I wonder that well but when I look at for instance the 14% growth in revenue year-over-year, is it 10% or 14% is from adding contracts or expanding contracts. Or if you have an existing contract for say 1 million square feet and they renew for 1 million square feet, how much of that growth is from just charging them more for that.
Gil Borok: I don't have the numbers in front of me, so this is going to be a gross generalization. It's a rare day that our outsourcing contract renews and we get paid more for doing the same work. We got paid to time before. These clients are heavily, heavily focused on cost that's why they put the contracts out and every time you renew it they're grind.  So I would just tell you that in this business the ability to push pricing is almost non-existent which wouldn't therefore extrapolate to that 14% being primarily new accounts or the addition of new services to existing accounts. Now that is where the renewals get exciting for us because once we prove ourselves with newer generation accounts, we are allowed to perform additional services to them and many times the additional services could bring in the great margins not the original services we were hired for. I think, Anthony, we've gone over that with you and the other callers many times but facilities management many times is a lead. Facilities management is a decent margin business but nothing to get excited about. But it's the additional services that we can sell through that push those margins and those many times come at renewal or later.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And just one last one on the cash balance, can you maybe play that out over the next few quarters and any thoughts there?
Brett White: Well I always give specifics but remember we take bonuses on the next few weeks and that will hit cash to the couple of hundred million.
Gil Borok: It will be a little bigger than, Brett. But that's exactly, Brett's, on that course with seasonality in the business. You know you have to anticipate bonuses going out that will be a sizeable chunk of change. And also when you look at the balance sheet there is over $1 billion showing cash, we met about $200 million that is consolidated but we don't controls in entities that are all consolidated to investment management segment. And so forth. So there is about $800 million, a little bit over $800 million of which about a $500 is in the U.S., a big chunk goes out for bounces. There will be some left over. After that obviously and that would be held for now to access opportunities in the market and given uncertainties in Europe and so forth. We are leaning toward and tending toward having a cash balance available for use until we have some better visibility for the pursuable future.
Brett White: And let me just add a little bit to that. I know you understand all this but we have some colors that are probably telling new story. For folks who understand, first of all we're seasonal business and we tend to onboard cash heavily in the third and fourth quarter as in very little in the first and second quarters. So we end up every year with a heavy cash balance, because of the seasonality. And also because we need to preserve a decent amount of cash to payout bonuses, we have 31,000 employees and many of those are bonusable and so, those numbers add up as Gil just mentioned. Given where we are in the cycle, we see lots of opportunity out there to grow the business not just organically but through acquisitions and so having this cash on the balance sheet as opposed to using it for other things. To us, it's a wise move at the moment. And that's, as Gil mentioned, you're seeing that the combined dynamics of saving for bonuses plus opportunities in market moving up that cash number a bit higher than we usually have it.
Operator: We will go next to Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: May be just first the question on outsourcing, to what degree do you guys have visibility of the forward pipeline of what I guess new contracts rather negotiation with? And then I guess is a related question, of the growth you expect for next year is any of that locked in with what business you signed already to date, Brett, to your point about stabilizing those margins over time?
Brett White: I just wanted to be very clear, when you say next year you mean this year.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Yes. 2011.
Brett White: So first of all the pipeline information on outsourcing is very good for the next 60 days, because those are contracts that have been put out to the market for which we're competing presently. However the pipeline beyond that is almost non existent because the way in which these company's higher services. This is not a business, it's very interesting actually, Sloan, this is not a business. We have the big marketing force out cold calling major corporations and trying to convince them to outsource. But the process to get a company to do that is long-lived. And by the way the momentum to do it is so strong at the moment that most of our work is something responding to our fees that are coming in the door and making decisions around which I repeat we think are worth chasing and which we're just going to let go by the way side. I would tell you that the short-term pipeline looks really good and all the trends, long-term trends that we would look at to support future growth in that business look very strong as well. So said another way, it's purely subjective not objective. But I would tell you that if there were a 12-month or an 18-month pipeline, it would look very strong right now. And I get that by extrapolating the macros that we watch around that industry. We have a number of very significant contracts that we've won in the past two years. And we certainly expect those contracts at this point, it will be embedded down or getting close to be embedded down. But because this business is growing so fast right now and this is what I was trying to lead to earlier in probably not very well, because it's growing so fast right now. We've go a lot of business coming to door right now, this going to require some upfront cost. And I think that what the net of impact on all that is that because so much new business is coming in, the margins in that business might be a little bit soft until this rate of new business coming in plateaus and we have a chance to bid down these many, many clients, we've got coming in the door. I don't remember the specific number, and Gil, what comes to memory is something like a 173 accounts of one form or another that came-in in 2011. But you get a sense for the velocity this business and the way in which we have to approach those accounts and onboard cost for those accounts. And then manage them going forward. Gil, is that number relative?
Gil Borok: Yes, 173 for the year.
Brett White: 173 for the year, so its accounted very two days, Sloan, and that's just an unprecedented rate of growth, but I think more important issue by far, is that because of the great of the on-boarding of these accounts. What we're looking at now is a very long run way of margins that should be moving up a little bit each year in that business as we at this bid down. And you can imagine we're very excited about the long-term prospects for outsourcing given the rate of growth like we're seeing right now.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: I mean is it to the point that you're seeing so much demand that there is pricing power that you may have for those new accounts he may bring in.
Brett White: It's not pricing power. But let me tell you, how we get there. We get there by not bidding on accounts that we think our price too low. So that there is no way in a competitive market environment like this one and that business is super competitive. We don't have any pricing power, none. And we get into the bid process and we know what the margins we want. As a client for whatever reason is unrolling to pay those margins we drop out. And so I suppose the net effect of all that is it kind of feels like pricing power but it's more turning down accounts that are not profitable in that force and only pursuing those that are. And I've talked about this I think it's going to be a long, long time before in the outsourcing business any provider really has a pricing power to speak of. I do believe that even right now in the first quarter of 2012, I do believe that all the service providers have done a much better job of educating these clients around the idea that it makes sense to pay reasonable pricing with a reasonable margin for these services, because what's happened to number of these clients is they've done and they've hired or they're consulting even worse, they're consultants find out and hired a low margin, low cost bidder. Six months into the contract they calls up and ask them to help them out because there provider is failing miserably. They don't have the platform, they didn't price it right. We make sure we'll remind those clients that we're happy to do it, but there is a reason why we dropped out of the bid. And that's happening less and less as those failures are more obvious and I think in public and that is allowing the marketplace I think the price, the business at our free process a bid better for us. They may did in the past. This is just not a business that I think any smart corporation or owner for that matter would want to choose a low cost provider. It is far too strategic to what they do. And the risks to choosing the wrong provider are far too large. And that helps pricing as well.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: And then just one last question on capital markets. Brett, you talked a little bit about obviously core assets are still trading quite a bit, but what should we look for as the driver to really push those secondary market trades? Is it more a function of capital availability or is it going to be a function of banks finally deciding to do something with their balance sheets?
Brett White: Well, it's all those things but what really it this is time without shock. And as you well know and most of the callers are very well aware, we're in this very odd recovery. Its fits and starts, it's incremental. And it is so skeptical at the moment to settlement either positive or negative, settlement at house outsized impacts on the market. So when we see a shock to this system which may actually but not be material. It can freeze the credit market. And certainly you folks know this even better than I do. And when you see a single good jobs report like what came out last week, this is euphoria that everything is gotten entirely better, neither a true. And so because of that what the capital markets need is just a period of time of quiet of no new big news. And I'm hopeful that 2012 may actually be the year where that happens and that what we get is a return to a more normal recovery/extension cycle, and we have not had one to date since the bottom of the downturn and that's what we need. So when you begin to see financing loosen up fairly quickly, you may recall and our callers may recall that by the spring of 2011, a sentiment was things were getting better quickly, the first quarter and most of the second quarter. And the secondary property markets being to see a lot of action in that kind of May, June timeframe. And then we get a shock again and everything shut down again, and all the money went back to core. That kind of bunker mentality, anytime there is a buy check, exists very much today, just as it did last year and the year before. And those secondary markets, I believe are not going to get real action and real traction until the recovery has a chance to operate in a normal fashion as without big negative shock.
Operator: And we now have a question from Will Marks with JMP Securities.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: I want to start out asking, if you care to give further color on the bonus figure and $200 million is obviously too low. Is $300 million to $500 million range fair or I'll let you answer?
Brett White: Gil do we comment on that number?
Gil Borok: No, we don't. I guess the numbers we mentioned, it is north of $200 million, but that's and best as much as we're going to say.
Brett White: I will tell you this Will, which is not, I don't think material to a number, but at least interesting. The senior management bonus, it will payout less money in 2011 than it did in 2010. And just as a reminder to everybody, the senior management is not paid out on a profit share bonus. In CBRE we believe that we need to raise the performance target objectively for management every year in recovery, so the net of impact to that is we have to do much, much better in 2011 over 2010 to get the bonuses we earned in 2010. And while we did much better, it wasn't enough to get us back to that level. So it's a material decrease. And the senior management bonuses in 2011 or what we received in 2010, it's a real good bonus program. And I think it's dead-on aligned with shareholders, who want to see improved performance every year and not the same performance every year.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: On another note, can you, Gil, maybe talk about what operating and free cash flow was in 2011, maybe ex the integration cost?
Gil Borok: Yes, it's approaching $300 million from operations.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: And would you expect to grow that figure as EPS is growing in 2012?
Gil Borok: Well that's a logical conclusion I'd like to, we would want to covert the cash, yes. So it should ought to grow in line with earnings, yes.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: There was a question early about ING integration cost and it sounded almost so that you were done completely. And I thought I read in the prior quarter there was about $150 million of total integration cost. So is that correct or more importantly are there any other costs related to ING?
Brett White: Gil, let me hit the front of that and you can remind him what you spoke to in the script. But, Will, I think from an operational standpoint I can tell you that the integration is complete. We've fully integrated the people, we are in the process of and the physical facility integration obviously takes a few months, but its well on its way. And I think I can tell you, as we sit here today that this integration may very well end being the best operational integration we've ever had. And we hold and you know, we are very, very focused on successful integrations. We haven't had a bad one yet, all of them have been very good. This one was damn close to flawless. And all that credit by the way goes to Jim Groch and our integration team, Cal Frese and others. It was really good. Now, there are remaining cost to be had and, Gil, would you just please give Will what you mentioned earlier.
Gil Borok: You're right. The overall is about $150 million of overall integration cost, and we're about halfway through. In terms of cash expenditures, a lot of that is over time. So we're back-half. My comment was I believe in response to cost containment and with that action was all contemplated currently.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: And then the co-investments, were those all made in the fourth quarter, Gil?
Gil Borok: Thanks, but no. Once again there's a potential for about $70 million of additional co-investments, but it's not and certain things have to happen in order to have those trigger.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: When you announced the acquisition you'd given the 2010 number for revenue and EBITDA. Can you comment now on 2011, was it above 2010 and how much?
Gil Borok: I'm not going to comment on that. The 2010 numbers that we gave was a proxy for what that acquisition would do relative to the total. Obviously, 2011 is not a full year and a lot of that has now been integrated. So I don't want to get into bifurcating out the ING contribution from the rest of the investment management business. It will be accretive in 2012 and it is moderately accretive as we've said and it is all incorporated in throughout 2012 guidance.
Brett White: And, Will, just subjectively, because I know what you're driving here. Just subjectively, I think I can give you comfort and the rest of callers comfort that we did not have any negative surprises in terms or performance for that business in 2011, either the time we owned it or prior to it being owned by us.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: I just have one final question on the development gains I guess it sort of highlights how difficult it is to model your company. Does the guidance for 2012 assume the same level of development gains that we saw in 2011 on a full year basis? How lumpy is that gong to be in 2012?
Brett White: Yes. It assumes actually a material diminution in gains in 2012 over 2011. 2011 we had some very large gains come through, which Gil spoke to on the call. But 2012 we're forecasting that we will not have as much in gains as we had last year. The business it's lumpy right now as is investors, because those markets are so muted. And so one or two gains really moves the needle. When we get back to a more normal market environment, both the CBRE global investors and the (channel core) development company will have a higher number of these coming through and one deal here and they're won't be as material as perhaps they were in 2011 or 2010. But the answer to your question, at the moment we're not seeing any big gains in 2012 around our development, but that could change. These markets do move very quickly and decisions around buying and selling properties can move very quickly as well. So I don't want to say it isn't going to happen, it could. Gil, anything more you'd like to say around that?
Gil Borok: No. I think that's exactly, you're right on point, Brett.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'm curious on some of the metrics on U.S. leasing. Did average lease term decline in the fourth quarter, did the average square footage decline, was there a turndown in the rental rates on average that you saw? Just sort of some color for the change in U.S. leasing and elsewhere?
Brett White: For U.S. leasing it was purely a story of number of trends of velocity, number of transactions they were down 8% quarter-over-quarter. And that was the entirety of the change quarter-over-quarter in the leasing revenues rents were it was very little change in rents in the quarter. And there was a very little change in square footage. And by the way, what we're seeing in that marketplace, as you would expect with the type of economy we're dealing with right now is of all the business lines we have leasing in the U.S. is the one acting most abnormal through a typical recovery cycle. And the reason of course, and this is obviously, I know that you David and everyone else, the reason for that is the job growth is so muted. So in a typical recovery you have a combined impact of rental rate growth, which tends to move very quickly, up in recovery cycle and wrap a job growth, which tends to move very quickly up. We don't have either of those right now, because of the type of very, very incremental recovery rent. We believe both of those are coming. And I think as most of you know, in 2011, I believe the number was 56 million square feet of construction was brought to the market in United States, which is the absolute lowest amount of new constructions since the numbers were kept in 1960. What it tells you is, you have a lot of people out there right now, who are not willing to build a new building and lenders unwilling to lend on one. But what also tells us is, is that when the recovery gets its legs and we get real job growth, rents could move up very, very quickly, because the inventory number is artificially constrained right now. But, David, the answer to your question was, it was purely velocity. And our comments on the scripted portion of the call, way the leasing our expectation is, is that leasing is going to remain very muted until we see meaningful job growth. And our projections are based on a lot of different data points is that we think that's a Q3, Q4 event and Q1 and Q2 on leasing will be relatively flat perhaps nominally up or nominally down, it's not going to move much. The surprise, if we get, one will be up. I think the level leasing we're seeing right now is pretty much dial tone. We're also now working off of compares that are quite strong, as you saw, the leasing number for 2011 was a record high. So we are at a high level. I don't see a lot of growth in that until we see real job growth. And hopefully, we're going to see that second-half figure.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I guess if we continue to have kind of U.S. job growth as we do in January, it would be a reacceleration and your leasing revenue should be lagged anyway, right?
Brett White: Yes, they would. I think that for us when we'll know the January wasn't a head fake is when you get probably three months of these together. And I think that most large corporations will look for something generally like that as well. They're going to start ramping-up space acquisitions in a very serious way if these job numbers hold for another month or a month-and-a-half. The consumer numbers are pretty decent too. So again, we're more bullish than we are pessimistic on leasing globally in 2012. But we think it should be a bit more back-ended than normal.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then if I could, just a quick numbers question. Do you have any thoughts on what a normalized interest expense run rate is, or what for 2012 total interest expense could be?
Gil Borok: It's going to be around the $180 million all-in. So that's not just on corporate borrowing, so to speak, but also the entities that we consolidate and therefore run through interest expense on our P&L. So about $45 million a quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And Mr. White, we have no further questions. Please go ahead with any closing remarks.
Brett White: Great. Thanks, everybody. We'll talk to you in three months.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Nick Kormeluk – SVP, IR Brett White – President and CEO Gil Borok – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan Brandon Dobell – William Blair Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Will Marks – JMP Securities David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CBRE Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: (Inaudible) CBRE’s third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. About an hour ago, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today and a transcript of our call will be posted tomorrow. Please turn to the slide labeled Forward Looking Statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook, ability to compete and integrate our announced acquisition of the ING REIM business in Europe, and the ability to complete a new incremental senior secured sterling denominated term A-1 loan facility. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current annual report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Good morning and good afternoon, and thank you, Nick. Please turn to slide four. This quarter, our strong performance in evidence of the continued commercial real estate recovery comes against the backdrop of persistent sovereign debt concerns in Europe and tepid economic unemployment growth in the U.S. Revenue growth for CBRE was strong in the third quarter. Total company revenue was over $1.5 billion, representing a 21% increase over the third quarter of 2010. This growth was balanced across all geographies in most service lines. Leasing revenue increased 19% in the third quarter of 2011 with all regions increasing by double digits in the quarter. The largest percentage gains in Leasing were in Asia Pacific and EMEA. Outsourcing revenue accelerated significantly in the third quarter of 2011 with growth of 19%. All geographies had double-digit growth with EMEA leading the other two regions. Investment Sales growth was 23% for the total company entirely driven by the Americas as EMEA and Asia Pacific were essentially flat. Investment Management revenue showed a significant increase from higher asset management fees primarily driven by CBRE Clarion Securities, which we acquired on July 1st, as well as higher incentive fees. Normalized EBITDA increased to $194.8 million from $175.5 million. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 12.7% versus 13.9% in the third quarter of 2010. This margin comparison is impacted by an unfavorable variance of 60 basis points resulting from an increase in net carried interest compensation expense in our Investment Management business this year versus last. Another 60 basis point unfavorable variance was due to increased legal reserves associated with two unrelated cases and insurance reserves on claims within our Appraisal & Valuation business, which date back to the downturn. Despite these variances as well as higher Outsourcing business mix and increased staffing in EMEA, which also contributed to lower operating leverage in the quarter, we are still not satisfied with the overall EBITDA margin result and fully expect our cost production measures to show greater impact in the fourth quarter of 2011. Because of this, we reiterate our expectation that full year 2011 normalized EBITDA margin will exceed full year 2010 normalized EBITDA margin. Some of the most significant transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on slide five. As usual, I will not go through them individually but we have included them for your review. I will now turn the call over to Gil to go over financial results in detail.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide six. Revenue was $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2011, up 21% from last year. This increase resulted from strong growth in all business lines with the exception of development services. Normalized EBITDA was up 11% to a $194.8 million in the third quarter of 2011 from a $175.5 million in the third quarter of 2010, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 12.7%. Without the impact of the $7.4 million of carried interest compensation expense this year versus a reversal of $1.4 million last year and the $8.6 million impact of legal and insurance reserves taken in the quarter that Brett just mentioned, normalized EBITDA would have grown by about 21% and normalized EBITDA margin would have been almost flat compared to last year. Our cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased very slightly to 58.3% in the third quarter of 2011 versus 58.1% in the third quarter of 2010. Third quarter 2011 operating expenses as a percent of total revenue increased by a 100 basis points to 30.6% versus 29.6% in the third quarter of 2010. This was driven by the aforementioned carried interest expense, legal and insurance reserves as well as the inclusion of CBRE Clarion Securities expenses, all of which flowed through operating expense as opposed to cost of services. Interest expense decreased by $10.7 million in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the third quarter of 2010, primarily due to lower interest rates resulting from our refinancing activities in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our third quarter 2011 normalized tax rate was approximately 40% and we also expect it to be approximately 40% for the full year 2011. Third quarter 2011 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.20 versus $0.18 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.24 as compared to $0.20 in the third quarter of 2010. Please turn to slide seven. Property & Facilities Management was again our largest service line in the third quarter of 2011, representing 34% of total revenue in the quarter after growing 19% versus the third quarter of 2010. Leasing was our second largest service line in the third quarter of 2011, also reporting a 19% revenue increase versus the third quarter of 2010, which experienced a 27% increase over the third quarter of 2009. Leasing represented 32% of total company revenue in the third quarter of 2011. Investment Sales growth slowed a bit but was still strong with an increase of 23% in the third quarter of 2011, another meaningful improvement following a gain of 63% in the third quarter of 2010 versus the third quarter of 2009. Appraisal & Valuation revenue improved 26% in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the third quarter of 2010. This was driven by large portfolio assignments globally, continued strength in U.S. capital market activities and an acquisition in Asia Pacific in the second quarter of 2011. Global Investment Management revenue increased 93% quarter-over-quarter driven by increases in asset management and incentive fees. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue increased 32% driven by solid cash flow availability, favorable interest rates and the continued search for yield by investors. Development Services revenue was down 21% primarily due to lower rental revenue resulting from property dispositions. Revenue from Property & Facilities Management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprised approximately 58% of total revenue for the third quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide eight. The Outsourcing business growth rate accelerated this quarter, with revenue up 19% versus the third quarter of 2010. This was driven by record setting new account growth, continued strong client renewals and expansions, and acquisitions in EMEA. Strong performance is evident across all regions with EMEA posting the largest revenue increase. In the third quarter, we set another record and signed 49 total long-term contracts. This exceeds the previous quarterly record, which was 47, in the second quarter of 2011. This is also the third straight record setting quarter in which we signed 20 new accounts, which is itself a record, 17 renewals and 12 expansions. The revenue and RFP pipelines in this business continue to be very healthy with more assignments that are global in nature. Robust activity has helped us add nearly 1 billion square feet job portfolio in just two years. Slide nine demonstrates the stabilized or improving vacancy rates and positive absorption in the third quarter of 2011 for all three market sectors depicted, along with our forecasted improvement in all three areas for 2012. Average national office cap rates remained stable in the third quarter of 2011 versus the second quarter of 2011 and showed improvement versus the third quarter of 2010 driven by core and Class A property sales. Please turn to slide 10. Sales revenue in the Americas continued to be strong with a 42% increase in the third quarter of 2011 versus the third quarter of 2010. Our U.S. Investment Sales market share totaled 14.3% for the third quarter of 2011 according to real capital analytics. This share was more than 470 basis points larger than our nearest competitor. Our Americas Leasing revenue grew 11% in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the third quarter of 2010, which grew 36% over the third quarter of 2009. Fundamentals remained solid despite challenges experienced in the U.S. economic recovery. During the third quarter of 2011, the U.S. office vacancy rate remained unchanged at 16.2%. Given the increased weighting of Outsourcing overall and the particular growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific in the last few years, we have decided to add regional color on Outsourcing in each of our regional revenue slides. The Americas Outsourcing business grew a strong 13% in the third quarter of 2011, which is consistent with its year-to-date 2011 growth rate. Please turn to slide 11. Our Investment Sales revenue in EMEA eased by 3% in the third quarter of 2011 attributable to cautious trading linked to concerns of the sovereign debt challenges. Despite this, strong sales were evident in France and Germany. CBRE’s EMEA Leasing revenue posted excellent growth with a 33% improvement in the third quarter of 2011 versus the third quarter of 2010. These positive results came despite macro issues and were driven by the UK, France and Germany. Outsourcing contributed more than $30 million of the revenue improvement in EMEA’s third quarter 2011 results and represented an impressive 48% increase for the quarter driven by new assignments. Second quarter 2011 acquisitions in Central and Eastern Europe and Switzerland also made positive contributions to revenue growth this quarter. The revenue mix this quarter with Outsourcing accounting for 5 percentage points more total revenue and sales declining by a light percentage had a notable negative impact on EBITDA margins quarter-over-quarter. However, the absolute quarter-over-quarter EBITDA growth was pleasing in such a tough economic environment. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific was essentially flat in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the third quarter of 2010. CBRE’s Leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew by a dramatic 41% in the third quarter of 2011 versus the third quarter of 2010. The strongest gains came from Australia, China and Singapore. Outsourcing growth in Asia Pacific was a solid 21% in the third quarter of 2011 versus the third quarter of 2010, as Outsourcing continues to gain adoption in this region. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the Development Services segment was $18.8 million in the third quarter of 2011 versus $22 million in the third quarter of 2010. Operating results for the third quarter of 2011 for this segment included normalized EBITDA of $5.2 million as compared to $10.7 million in the third quarter of 2010. Third quarter 2010 EBITDA benefited from higher gains in the sale of properties, primarily reflected in equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries and income from discontinued operations on our income statements. At September 30, 2011, In Process development totaled $5.1 billion, up $200 million from both December 31, 2010 and the end of the third quarter of 2010. The pipeline at September 30, 2011 rose to $1.5 billion, up $300 million from year-end 2010 and up $400 million from the end of the third quarter of 2010, which indicates continued improvement in this sector. At the end of the third quarter, our equity client investments in the Development Services business totaled $81.6 million. Please turn to slide 14. On July 1, 2011, we closed the ING Clarion real estate securities portion of the ING Real Estate Investment Management or ING REIM as transaction for consideration of approximately $324 million. We also acquired core investment positions of approximately $59 million in select sponsored funds. On October 3rd, just after the third quarter ended, we closed on the acquisition of ING REIM Asia for consideration of approximately $45 million and core investments of approximately $17 million. We remain on schedule to close ING REIM Europe by the end of the year. In the third quarter of 2011, our Global Investment Management segment’s revenue was up 56% to $77.4 million from $49.5 million in the third quarter of 2010. The increase resulted from higher asset management fees primarily stemming from the ING Clarion Securities acquisition and higher incentive fees. Assets under management or AUM totaled $53.5 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2011, up 42% from year-end 2010 and 50% higher than at the end of the third quarter of 2010. The third quarter 2011 total includes listed securities of $18.5 billion. Changes in market valuation and net redemptions in the securities portfolio decreased assets under management by $4.6 billion in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2011. In addition, a change in our calculation methodology to confirm reporting between CBRE investors and ING REIM decreased AUM in the direct real estate business by $1.6 billion during the quarter versus the second quarter of 2011. Currency fluctuations further lowered total assets by $600 million compared to the second quarter of 2011. The third quarter of 2011 total does not include $5 billion of AUM acquired from ING REIM in Asia on October 3, 2011. During the third quarter, we completed approximately $900 million of acquisitions and approximately $800 million of dispositions globally. Year-to-date 2011, we have raised new capital of approximately $1.5 billion and had approximately $2.1 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our core investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled a $157.2 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. In the third quarter of 2011, we incurred $9.4 billion of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisition, primarily for legal and other professional services. During the quarter we also wrote down the value of two core investments for a total of $4.5 million. In the third quarter of 2011, we reported $7.4 million of carried interest compensation expense, which relates to expected future periods carried interest revenue As of September 30, 2011, the company maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $33 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated as a pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 35% for the third quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide 16. Slide 16 shows our amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. During the third quarter of 2011, we drew down our $400 million Term Loan C to fund the closing of ING REIM Asia and then preparation for closing ING REIM Europe. The terms are liable plus 325 with 1% annual amortization and maturity in 2018. We previously announced that we will not be using equity to fund this acquisition. On October 18, 2011 we entered into discussions with our vendors for a new incremental senior secured sterling denominated term loan A1 facility in the amount of approximately $250 million, due in May 2016. With a term substantially similar to our existing term loan A facility. To-date we have commitments from our bank partners to fund over 90% of those $250 million facility. We remain very comfortable with our balanced debt maturity profile, with no meaningful maturities until 2015. We’re also pleased with our strong overall balance sheet positions as a provider of the necessary flexibility to take advantage of strategic opportunities as they appear in this early stage of the commercial real estate recovery. Please turn to slide 17. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans, mortgage brokerage warehouse facilities and cash within consolidated funds at other entities but not available for company use. Our total net debt at the end of the third quarter of 2011 was approximately $1.5 billion. This represents an increase from year-end 2010 primarily due to term loan borrowings to finance the acquisition of ING Clarion Securities. During the third quarter, the company also used $12 million to fund two in-field acquisitions in Europe, a retail services business in the United Kingdom and a shopping center management business in the Netherlands. We will continue to see consolidation pressure in the industry which we believe may present good opportunities for more acquisitions at attract the evaluations. At September 30th 2011, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.5% compared to 6.2% at the end of the second quarter of 2011. The lower average interest rate was primarily driven by a larger portion of lower interest rate debt due to the term loan borrowings to fund our ING REIM at the end of the second and in the third quarter. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.55 times at the end of the third quarter of 2011 on a trailing 12-month basis. Our total company net debt to EBITDA stood at 1.98 times, which remains just below our current target of 2 times. We continue to anticipate that this ratio will be approximately 2.5 times post the acquisition of all of ING REIM. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Gill. And please turn to slide 18. Despite foreign debt challenges in Europe and uncertainty in the economic recovery in the U.S., we continue to believe that we are in the early stages of a cyclical recovery. Outsourcing fundamentals remained very strong as evidenced by the strong growth this quarter and revenues should continue to grow in the double digits for the intermediate term. The ING REIM acquisition will provide another significant source of stable, growing revenue that will be accretive to our overall EBITDA margin. In addition, we expect to see increased revenue flowing to our other lines of business as the ING REIM operations are integrated. The final piece of the ING REIM acquisition will close as scheduled during the fourth quarter. When it does, we will hold a special call to discuss that business in much more detail. Investment Sales should continue to grow due to financing availability for core assets, investor appetite per yield and attractiveness of the asset class as an inflation hedge. Leasing growth rate should revert to historical norms as the economy begins to stabilize. We remain focused on margins balanced with strategic recruiting in the appropriate service lines and geographies. We continue to expect EPS to be within our initial guidance range of $0.95 to a $1.05 for the full year. Our full year normalized EBITDA margin should exceed prior year. And with that, operator, we’d like to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone at JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: All right, thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
Gil Borok: Hi, Anthony.
Brett White: Hi.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Hi. I’m just curious that thus far into the year why the guidance range is still a dime for basically the last quarter of the year and kind of what would drive the high and low into that band?
Brett White: Well, as you know, Anthony, this is a seasonal business and a very significant component of our earnings come true in Q4. So it’s a bit more variable than the other quarters arrange therefore it’s a bit wider and, I think that it’s – from our standpoint, it’s good to give you guys as much guidance as we can but probably foolish to try and tell you that we know within a couple of pennies where it’s going to end up.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, but it sounds like you’re pretty confident that the EBITDA margins at least went up higher than they were last year. And so it suggested a pretty good ramp just compared to what your margins have been year-to-date and I know that’s typically what’s happened but – with lot of concerns over business slowing down, just curious how you’re feeling about the ramp being as dramatic as its been in prior years in the fourth quarter?
Brett White: Well as far as I am going to take that what we’ve said, which is we expect that we’re going to have full year margin for 2011. It’s higher than our full year margin for 2010. And you can do any kind of math you want to do but you’re right, that would imply that we are fairly confident around the business lines at the moment and we are. When you look at the third quarter numbers, it’s striking to me that both leasing and sales globally showed good increase, sales only in the U.S. but Leasing in all three geographies. And again as I think as you know you Anthony, if there’s one good leading indicator of job growth and of growth I think in the revenues for this industry, you probably pick Leasing because these are large corporate customers, entering the marketplace committing to long term space leases. So, we like what we saw on the third quarter. We particular like that the Leasing numbers held up quite well and that’s about as far as I think I can take that.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, just one last question on that topic. You didn’t have any expenses relating to cost reductions in the quarter and it sounds like on the last conference call, things had slowed enough that you guys would consider some cost initiatives. It sounded like – did you not have to do that or did they just not cost money or what’s the status there?
Brett White: Right. Well, as we said on the last call, we actually began work on costs in the late second quarter and we ramped up those efforts a bit at the end of the second quarter, right around the time of our conference call. So, we have not changed, of course on that. Again, and that’s all about driving an acceptable level of growth in our margins. But in terms of the accounting rental there, Gil, do you want to say anything there or..?
Gil Borok: Yeah, I think there’s two points, first of all, one of major actions we took was to slow hiring which would obviously not have had cost associated with it and then there were some cost associated with getting cost out but not material enough to call out of normalized.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, got you. And then just on the Outsourcing business, it seems like the healthcare and government opportunities has been redeemed now for a while and it seems to be pretty strong, just wondering how much is left there, if there’s any way just to quantify the opportunity? And also similarly in Asia and Europe where the growth just seems to be very strong and as a percentage of the total Outsourcing part is still fairly strong.
Brett White: Right. Well, the first, your first question on healthcare and government, these are massive, massive opportunities both here I United States and outside the States and I will say that the outsourcing of that type of work, we’ve just begun the scratch the surface. We believe we have a particular competency in this healthcare space brought to us from the Trammell Crow acquisition. You may recall Anthony or perhaps you don’t but Trammell Crow had a very deep and very specific healthcare outsourcing business. They did Baylor down in Texas, they still have that account and that expertise really jump-started our firms exploitation of that market. As it pertains to outside the United States in terms of why that growth rate is high and what we expect for the future, remember first of all, there’s been virtually no outsourcing in those two geographies historically. I think the seminal point here or the data point that’s most interesting to us is that it appears that this is a trend that has now caught on and we saw some very large pieces of business in those geographies, led of course by our Pru business in the UK. But, I think that we’re finally at that point, where large European and it’s primarily European, lesser extent Asian customers are embracing the concept.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Got you. Is there – can you give us any sense as to what the incremental EBITDA margins are in the Outsourcing business right now, does that grows?
Brett White: Yeah, Outsourcing unlike the other transaction businesses is very much a cost first business, so let me just first say, you’re not going to see the delta in incremental margins in Outsourcing that you’re going to stay in Leasing or sales where we can onboard lease revenues and sale revenues with zero additional cost other than commission. In Outsourcing those structural margins you see in Outsourcing of low teens are probably close to what they probably are, what the incremental margins are or less as because as I said many times you onboard the cost before you get the revenues. But though that having been said, if you just keep in your model margins for general outsourcing in the low double-digits, you’re going to get it right.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Brett White: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Hi guys. Thanks.
Brett White: Hi Brandon.
Gil Borok: Hi Brandon
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: I guess one kind of a derivative question off of from one of the previous ones. As you guys looked at the close rate for both Leasing and sales deals during the quarter, how did it stack up versus I guess your expectations given the overall macro noise or historical quarters? Just trying to get a sense about how predictable you think the business is right now looking out three months?
Brett White: Sure. Well, first of all, to your specific question in, and I’ll use here the U.S. data first, in the U.S. sales velocity so number of transactions in the quarter was about 18% higher than the same quarter in 2010. In Leasing, it was about flat, although Leasing pickup in revenue came from leased sites, in other words square footage.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Okay.
Brett White: And what we look for in these numbers as an indicator of future quarters is a couple of things. First, trending, so for instance we would look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and see if there is a trend there, our Leasing revenues going up, are they going down. Same thing for sales and what we’re taking away from all that is that it is, we’re getting to that point where Leasing is going to begin operating in normal way. And that’s not 20% or 30% growth a year, it’s probably high singles, low doubles. On the sales side, we just continue be impressed with the increases in sale revenues flowing through the business in the States. I don’t have any reason to expect that they’re going to maintain that level, but I think they’ll be good. I also believe that the sale business will pick up fairly soon in EMEA again and in Asia Pacific. So, we look forward and we see a decent business out there for the transaction businesses.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Well let me follow on that one for a second, maybe you have the sources, your confidence for EMEA and Asia Pac sales picking up, is it just resolution on some of the sovereign debt issues or do you think there is just more just deferral demand as some of this noise filters through and there’s just too much kind of yield chasing going on?
Brett White: Well, it’s a combination of those things and others but I would say, Brandon, the first place I’d go to answer that question is I look at history and what we know about the capital markets is that generally speaking, the capital markets just call a time out almost instantly when there is a large amount of uncertainty in the marketplace about resolving something. If it’s the bid ask, if it’s an event of some sort, in this case the sovereign debt issues in Europe, capital markets move very quickly. You can cancel the sales in one minute phone call and once that uncertainty goes away, it doesn’t really matter directionally where it goes, once buyers and sellers believe that they can forecast their future a bit better, typically and historically that capital markets business returns. So, if I just use history as a lesson or a guide here, I would say that there’s more certainty now that this can’s been kicked down the road a bit, maybe not sold forever but sold for a while and that should bring some enthusiasm back to that European sale market.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Fair enough. And then I guess can you reiterate the confidence around closing the balance of the ING business by year end, didn’t really change from the last time that you guys have talked about this but there must be some reasons you’re confident that that deal gets done the next six, seven weeks or so, maybe it’s the source of that confidence or you just think it’s more to stopping the eyes at this point versus anything major to get your arms around?
Gil Borok: Excuse me. All I’ll say on that Brandon is that that deal should close in the fourth quarter.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Okay. And then final question from me, within the Outsourcing business obviously a lot of space and lot of clients onboarded during the quarter, I mean should we assume that given your comments around flow of business in Asia Pac and Europe that similar magnitude of onboarding the next couple three quarters and these deals kind of maybe they don’t take two weeks to onboard but take a little bit longer than that. So, I mean is this quarter indicative of one or two quarter trend or do you think it’s got more legs than that right now?
Brett White: Well, first of all it’s impossible to say. The way that these contracts go out, it’s all about a very formal RFP process. I’ll tell you our pipelines look quite robust. I also got to tell you that if you had told me a year ago that we’d see these growth rates in Outsource, I would have told you you’re out of your mind. These are historically high growth rates in Outsourcing. It’s hard for me to believe that they can be maintained yet. I’ve been wrong now for two quarters. So, there is something very fundamental going on in this Outsourcing business and I think its two things. One, I think that in difficult markets and we kind of went from enthusiasm in the markets to despair this year, in difficult markets there is a real momentum around Outsourcing to reduce cost. The second I think more important dynamic here is that we believe and of course everyone else will say it’s about their firm, but we believe we have a clear competitive advantage in this business than we’ve had in the past and our win rate which is close to a 100%, I think demonstrates that. So, we feel good, we feel positive about that Outsourcing space. I think it’s become a very, very big piece of our overall story and I don’t see anything the moment in terms of headwinds in that space.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kemp Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. Brett to your comment on the European situation may be getting solved a little bit for a while I guess, how do you plan the business based on how long that well could be and basically, I guess, I’ll ask the question from a standpoint of what do you guys view as the shape of the recovery particularly on the brokerage side from here? Do you feel like we’ve kind of hit a bottom and now ramp up particularly as companies are looking for yield on the sale side or on the hiring front from the Leasing side, maybe just general comments there.
Brett White: Well, I suppose, well, first of all this is a very tough question to answer and we’re in the process at the moment putting off together our 2012 budgets and that’s ground up by the Sloan. So, I’ll be learning and Gil and our team will be learning a lot more over the next month, month and half about how our – each country, each city feels in Europe about that question. I would say, in absence of that data which we don’t have yet, it would – I think be logical to forecast that we’re going to go back to this incremental recovery that we talked about at the last five quarters on this call, that incremental recovery being probably something that’s a growth rate less than the hockey stick but growth nonetheless. And that’s as far as I want to take it right now because we’re, as I said, we don’t have the data yet and maybe we should wait till we see what those pipelines look like before we give an answer to that specifically.
Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And maybe I’ll frame it this way though. You talked about the leverage on the balance sheet post the ING REIM getting to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. For acquisition or opportunities beyond that, is there a level of leverage that you’d be comfortable with taking the balance sheet at this point in the cycle?
Brett White: Well, it depends entirely on the type of acquisition we would be looking at. So, and let me be more clear, if we’re looking at a transformative acquisition which we have lots of experience in, and we were dead certain what the expense synergies would be and what the cash flow from that acquisition would be, we’d probably comfortable in levering up to make that acquisition. With the construct, we would de-lever as fast as we could. And that’s been our model, Sloan, which is we’re not afraid to lever up to get the right kind of acquisition but there’s very few acquisitions of any size that we would probably do right now to take at sort of that level of net debt-to-EBITDA. Our sweet spot, what we want to maintain over the long-term our net debt to EBITDA something between 1.5 and 2 times and so we levered up a bit for ING. In the absence of a transformative acquisition, you should expect that ratio be coming down until we hit our comfort range again. I’d also tell that, Sloan, we’re not any more the company that’s comfortable with four times which we were back at the MBO and back in 2001. I think those days are far behind us.
Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, maybe one last question just on what you thought if any big shifts in market share there were in the quarter? It seem like your results definitely a lot better than what I think a lot of the market data would have been telling us?
Brett White: Yeah, I think that we definitely picked up share in Outsourcing, there is no doubt about that. In the Leasing and sale business, it’s harder to say. In the sale business in the U.S., no question we picked up share and that’s been documented by the publications that follow the capital markets in the States. Hard to tell in Asia and Europe, we need to see couple of competitors who are poor before if I can give you a better answer on that. My guess is that on the share side in Europe and Asia, Outsourcing, we may pick up some share, Leasing probably, sales I don’t know.
Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right, thank you.
Brett White: Thank you.
Operator: And now we’ll go to the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon Brett and Gil and Nick. On that last question about market share, on the Leasing side, you mentioned earlier that velocity flat square footage, what about rental rate?
Brett White: Flat.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Flat. So, it’s really all about square footage?
Brett White: At the moment, which I like by the way, Will. What that tells you and I is that we’ve got some bullish customers out there who are for whatever reason are taking more space than they – and by the way it was 10% was the increase in amount of space taken Q3 2011 over Q3 2010. I like that...
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Is it on a global basis?
Brett White: That’s U.S.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay.
Brett White: And I don’t have that data globally, we don’t have that data. But I think is a good proxy though for global. And also the fact that rents didn’t go down, the fact that we got that growth with flat rent, I like that because we have been saying and we continue to believe that we’re going to see vacancy rates decline over the next three quarters and rental rates begin to inch up and as they do that’s free revenue, it, you don’t have to work any harder to earn more revenue in the Leasing business when rates go up.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Yes, that makes sense, thank you. Balancing question, looks like the net debt change from end of second quarter, end of third was about $300 million I think. Can you clarify that or confirm that and then mention what, remind us what you paid through the third, end of third quarter for ING and then what the cash flow would be which I guess we could figure out?
Brett White: Yeah, at the end of the second quarter we had $400 million of term debt that was raised but we’re sitting on the balance sheet. We hadn’t spent that cash until July 1 for Clarion Securities and then by the end of the third quarter we had drawn down the term loan C for $400 million. We only spent $65 million of it in Asia with $335 still sitting on the balance sheet and that is to go to ING REIM at Europe in part. So, that’s the movement.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay. And I think so there I guess had to have been some positive cash flow in the quarter?
Brett White: There was.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay.
Gil Borok: Operating cash flow as well, yes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, thank you. And let’s see, on Outsourcing, I wanted to ask you give these figures now by region that there is no way to tie that to the earlier page in your slides where you show the various categories, the various lines of business, right?
Gil Borok: No, you’re talking about the revenue pie chart versus the America’s Asia regional breakout. They were tying total, yes, it’s on the same basis Property Management and Facilities Management fees. There’s no sale or lease in those numbers obviously. They’re on...
Will Marks – JMP Securities: I’m sorry, so the total Property & Facility Management line should the $522 million for the quarter should be the sum of the Outsourcing for the three regions?
Gil Borok: Yes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, sorry, I hadn’t done the math. Thank you. Last question on the margin you’ve talked about the how the full year should be above full year 2010. I guess I haven’t really heard why third quarter would be down 120 basis points in light of the revenue growth, in light of the high margin part of ING added to the platform and maybe I think you mentioned something about Europe but maybe you could add to that a little bit?
Brett White: Yeah, Will, there’s several items. The large ones are when you look year-over-year we had carried interest expense this year in the third quarter of $7.4 million versus a reversal last year of $1.4 million and then we had $8.6 million of legal and insurance reserves primarily related to our Valuation business and primarily dating to development on claims that go all the way back to the downturn.
Gil Borok: So, if you, so Will, if you take those numbers that $17.6 million total and these unusual one-time items, if you were to normalize those out, we didn’t, but if you were we will report a 21% EBITDA growth on a margin of close to 14%.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, I’m sorry, I thought those had already been taken out to get to the adjusted EBITDA of $190 million but they weren’t, right?
Brett White: No, we just called them out so you could do the math.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Right, sorry, I missed that. Okay, that’s all for me. Thanks, guys.
Brett White: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And next we’ll go to line of David Ridley Lane with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: Sure. As the European banks seek to shrink their balance sheets, do you see some opportunity for you around that process?
Brett White: Absolutely. And I’d be disappointed if we didn’t capture a good amount of the asset disposition business and we’re obviously very well positioned to do that.
David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: And I guess just sort of thinking about what is the minimal level of Investment Sales you need to hit kind of lower end of your guidance range?
Brett White: Yeah, it’s – I never thought about it that way but it’s not a lot. The Investment Sales incremental additional earnings where the Investments Sales were up 10% or 15% just isn’t that big but I don’t know the answer that question.
David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right, that’s helpful. And some of the Appraisal & Valuation work you’re doing given you a bit more optimism, i.e., the large portfolio assignments I guess those sorts of things that might turn into transactions in the fourth quarter or are they more longer-term than that?
Brett White: I don’t think it means anything about fourth quarter but I do think it’s just another data point that tells us we’re probably again balancing along that bottom place and looking for better things to come. But that’s as far as I would take to and extrapolate that data.
David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you slowed the hiring of brokers in the quarter, do you have a rough idea of what broker head count is up year-over-year in the third quarter?
Brett White: It’s pretty stable year-to-date versus prior. I don’t have the data broken out by quarter with me.
Gil Borok: I think that and just, David, to be clear on that, the bidding once jest about hiring brokers is a kind of a silly thing. I don’t think for any firm it moves the needle but because other firms were making a very big deal about hiring three brokers here or five brokers there, we started getting questions from some of you about what we had done and so we reluctantly began talking about the hiring of brokers. But I would just caution even on the call that it doesn’t – first of all, it never moves the needle for the first couple of years because you got to pay something to get most of these people and even once those that’s been amortized off, I can’t imagine there is a firm that’s so small that you guys follow that are hiring 20 brokers or 30 brokers in a year matters because your attrition is going to be probably that or more.
David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, that’s all from me. Thank you very much.
Brett White: Okay.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Anthony Paolone. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: All right, thanks. Just I was curious what you paid for those couple of European what like retail oriented service companies and just in terms of dollar amounts and just rough valuation metrics?
Brett White: I’ll give you the latter and not the former. So, valuations at the moment for those kinds of businesses after the synergies will be extracted from them you should expect those to be in the single digits. Some we’re looking at right now are coming in low, call it the five, six range. Others that are more mature business, more stable type of cash flow are coming at the higher end of that single-digit range. But the M&A market at the moment is surprisingly active at the small end. I mean I think we all get it at the big end there are some really distressed companies out there in our space but at the small end there seem to be more and more small companies that are concluding that it just isn’t possible to compete any more as a small company and joining the large firm, whether it’s us Sir Jones Lang or somebody else, it’s probably a better way to take care of their customers. I would tell you the total amount we spent on those in-fields was $12 million. Gil just pointed out to me, it’s actually in his script for the call. So, I guess we did call that out and it’s $12 million.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Oh, thank you. Sorry, I didn’t catch that.
Brett White: That’s all right.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: And then just a follow-up to some of the commentary you just made, any sense of some of those bigger platforms that you mentioned that are more stretched at the moment in terms of any of those potentially shaking loose in the next 12 months?
Brett White: I just don’t know. It’s – I think we’re all watching with interest those firms and wondering how that’s all going to play out and I think it’s very uncertain at the moment how that’s going to play out. I’ll tell you that and by the way they’re all good companies, just different strategies. But what it has done which I will comment about, is it has certainly provided the larger staple firms with a good pool of talent to recruit.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And I have no further questions in queue.
Brett White: Great. Well, thanks again for your time. We’ll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - IR Brett White - CEO Gil Borok - CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Brandon Dobell - William Blair Bose George - KBW Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to CB Richard Ellis's second quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded and I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Nick Kormeluk.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript, and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and the ability to complete and integrate our announced acquisition of the ING REIM businesses in Europe and Asia. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable security system update or publically revise any of these forward looking statement that you may hear today. Please refer to our Second Quarter Earnings report filed on Form 8-K, our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our current quarterly report on form 10-Q. In particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached to slide three. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, I’ll now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick and please turn to slide 4. We are very pleased with our revenue growth of 21% in the second quarter of 2011 versus the second quarter of 2010. This clearly demonstrates the underlying strength of the recovery of our business and our industry. Our revenue growth was strong across all geographies and was particularly notable in our leasing investment sales and outsourcing business. Routine revenues increased to 22% with each geography positing growth with at least 15% over the second quarter of 2010. This performance comes against a backdrop of gradually improving market conditions evidenced by falling vacancy and an uptick in rents in many parts of the World. These conditions have prompted more companies to lock in long-term occupancy at today’s relatively low market rents. Investment sales revenues increased 44% lead by the Americas and Asia specific. Market activity accelerated very strongly in the US during the quarter, due to increase demand for core assets in prime markets, a broadening of investor appetite for properties in secondary markets and improved access for low-cost financing. Outsourcing revenues increased 13% with double digit contributions from all geographies. We continued to see more and more companies embrace outsourcing solutions as a means of lowering cost and remaining competitive in a slow growth economic environment. Demand remains high for global mandates and is growing in Europe and Asia where outsourcing is a newer concept. Normalized EBITDA increased to $172 million from $165 million. It is important to note that in second quarter 2010, development services normalized EBITDA was $19 million greater than in the second quarter of 2011, predominantly resulting from outside gains from property sales. In addition, in the second quarter of 2011, we recorded $5.3 million of carried interest compensation expense, due to the expectations of future profits from a fund in the invest management business. These items negatively impacted quarter of a quarter normalized EBITDA comparisons in an absolute amount of $24 million. In the absence of these two items, our normalized EBITDA growth would have been 22%. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 12.1% while the prior year normalized EBITDA margin was 14.1%, had it not been for the two aforementioned items, normalized EBITDA margin would have been approximately 12.5% in both years. Despite an uneven and somewhat subdued global economic recovery and a heightening of debt concerns in Europe during the last few months, we are pleased to observe continued commercial real estate recovery in the second quarter of 2011 as evidenced by our very strong revenue growth. We continued to be mindful of the potential impact of any real or perceived economic weakness and we continue to believe that the future timing and magnitude of the commercial real estate recovery is linked to the broader economic recovery. Some of the more impressive transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are listed on slides 5. As usual I will not go through them individually but have included them to show some key business wins. I will now turn the call over Gil to go over the financial deck.
Gil Borok: Thanks, Brett. Please advance to slide 6. Revenue was $1.4 billion for the second quarter of 2011, up 21% from last year. This increase resulted from improvement in nearly all business lines. Normalized EBITDA was up 4% to $172.4 million in the second quarter of 2011 from $165.2 million in the second quarter of 2010 delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 12.1%. As Brett just mentioned, excluding the impact of the outsize development services gains in the prior year and the carried interest expense in the current year, normalized EBITA would have grown by 22% and normalized EBITA margin would have been approximately 12.5% in both years. Our cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 59.1% in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to 57.9% in the second quarter of 2010. This was primarily due to US based compensation re-instatements to previous session levels at the tail-end of the second quarter 2010, as well as select hiring predominantly in EMEA in 2010 and early 2011 in anticipation of improving transaction revenues and in support of new initiatives and recently won contracts. Despite an absolute increase in operating expenses and support of revenue growth, the impact of compensation re-instatements and the aforementioned carried interest expense; second quarter 2011 operating expenses as a percent of total revenue dropped by 130 basis points to 30.4% versus 31.7% in the second quarter of 2010. This is indicative of affective cost control in the indirect and support areas of our business. Interest expense decreased by $16.1 million in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to the second quarter of 2010, primarily due to a more than $600 million reduction in outstanding debts in the second half of 2010 and lower interest rate resulting from our re-financing activities in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our second quarter 2011 tax rate was approximately 43%, but we expected to be approximately 40% for full year of 2011. Second quarter 2011 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.19 versus $0.17 last year, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.21 as compared to $0.18 in the second quarter of 2010. Please turn to slide 7. Property and Facilities Management was our largest service line in the second quarter of 2011 representing 35% of total revenue in the quarter leasing with our second largest service line in the second quarter of 2011 as the posting of 22% increase versus the second quarter of 2010. It represented 32% percent of total company revenue in both the second quarter of 2011 and the second quarter of 2010. Investment sales again posted strong growth with an increase of 44% in the second quarter of 2011 and other significant improvement following a gain of 61% in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009. Appraisal & Valuation revenue jumped 16% in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to the second quarter of 2010. This was driven by continued strength in capital market activities in the quarter. Global Investment Management revenue increased 27% year-over-year driven by increases in asset management fees. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage posted an increase of 47% driven by continuing improvement in capital availability to finance commercial real estate properties and the search will yield by investors in debt instruments. Development services revenue was down 17% primarily due to lower rental revenue resulting from property dispositions. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue comprised approximately 58% of total revenue for the second quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide 8. The outsourcing business growth rate remained quite strong this quarter with revenue up 13% versus the second quarter of 2010. This was driven by robust new account growth as well as client renewals and expansions that we experienced throughout 2010 and in the first half of 2011. This strong performance was evident across all regions. In the second quarter; a record 47 total long-term contract was signed. This exceeds the previous quarterly record which was 44 in the first quarter of 2011. We signed 15 new accounts, 18 renewals and 14 expansions. The revenue in RP pipelines in this business are very healthy with the buyers throughout global portfolios. Overall our global portfolio of commercial property and corporate facilities under management totaled 2.8 billion square feet at the end of the second quarter, an increase of 17% from the second quarter of 2010. Slide 9 demonstrates the stabilizing or improving vacancy rates and absorption in office and industrial markets through the second quarter of 2011 and our forecasted improvements in all three areas for 2011 and 2012. Average national office cap rates improved meaningfully in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to the second quarter of 2010 driven by Class A property sales and some early improvements across other classes. Please turn to slide 10. The recovery of the America sales market accelerated in the second quarter of 2011 with revenue for the second quarter jumping 68% on a year-over-year basis on top of a 47% increase in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009. For the first six months of the year our US investment sales market share totaled 14.3% according to Real Capital Analytics. This share was more than 450 basis points larger than our nearest competitor. Our Americas leasing revenue posted a 23% in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to the second quarter of 2010. This comes on the heels of a 37% increase in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009. Our year-over-year second quarter Americas leasing performance was also significantly better than our year-over-year first quarter performance. This confirms I believe that despite the lower growth in the first quarter of 2011. The underlying recovery and supporting fundamentals are solid. During the second quarter of 2011, the US office vacancy rate decreased by 20 basis points to 16.2%. Net absorption in US office product improved modestly and this has had a slightly positive impact on vacancy rate. Please turn to slide 11. Our investment sales revenue growth in EMEA slowed in the second quarter of 2011 but was still up 9% as compared to the second quarter of 2010. Growth was evident in the United Kingdom and Nordic region. CBRE’s revenue from leasing and EMEA grew 23% in the second quarter of 2011 versus the second quarter of 2010. This comes on top of a 15% increase in the second quarter of 2010 over the second quarter of 2009 and despite slower economic growth in the Euro zone than in the other parts of the world. The United Kingdom, France and the Netherlands were the primary drivers of leasing revenue growth in the second quarter of 2011 in EMEA. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased by 28% in the second quarter of 2011, as compared to the second quarter of 2010. This followed a 66% increase in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009, Australia and China drove this growth. CBRE leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew 17% in the second quarter of 2011 versus the second quarter of 2010. The strongest revenue growth came from New Zealand, China and India. Albeit a relatively small part of our overall revenue, under the circumstances it is appropriate to provide a brief update on our performance in Japan. While our capital market activities have slowed by 30%, leasing improved slightly versus the prior year. Business conditions in Japan have begun to stabilize. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the Development Services segment was $17.2 million in the second quarter of 2011 versus $19.7 million in the second quarter of 2010. Operating results for the second quarter of 2011 for this segment included normalized EBITDA of $9.4 million as compared to $28.4 million in the second quarter of 2010. As previously mentioned, the decline in normalized EBITDA was driven by outside gains from property sales in the second quarter of 2010. At June 30 2011, in-process development totaled $4.9 billion unchanged from December 31, 2010 and up $500 million from the $4.4 billion in-process at the end of the second quarter of 2010. The pipeline at June 30 2011, increase to $1.4 billion up $200 million from year-end 2010 and $600 million from the end of the second quarter of 2010 which indicates continued improvement in the sector. At the end of the second quarter our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $79.4 million. Please turn to slide 14. The Global Investment Management segment's revenue was up 26% to $58.9 million including revenue from discontinued operations of $1.4 million in the second quarter of 2011 from $46.9 million in the second quarter of 2010. Increased fees for assets under management, acquisition fees and modest carried interest revenue all contributed to the overall increase. Assets under management or AUM totaled $39.1 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2011, which was 4% higher than the $37.6 billion under management at year-end and 2010 and 16% higher than the $33.7 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2010. During the second quarter of 2011, we completed [ph] approximately $1.3 billion of acquisition and approximately $800 million of dispositions globally. Property valuation increased our AUM by $600 million and currency fluctuations increased the portfolio by approximately $100 million. Year-to-date 2011, we have raised new capital of approximately $600 million and had approximately $1.7 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our current investments in this business at the end of the quarter total $105.8 million. On July 1, we closed the ING Clarion Real Estate securities portions of the ING Real Estate investment management or INR REIM transaction, for consideration of approximately $324 million. We also acquired co-investment positions of approximately $59 million in select sponsored funds. This portion of the acquisition brings approximately $21 billion of listed securities assets under management through this segment. We remain unscheduled to close the ING REIM in Europe and Asia portion of the transactions in the second half of the year. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. In the second quarter of 2011, we incurred $4.8 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisition, predominantly for legal and other professional services. In the second quarter of 2011, we reported $5.3 million of carried interest compensation expense which relates to the gains expected in future periods. As of June 30 2011, the company maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $26 million which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated at the pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 21% for the second quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide 16. Slide 16 shows an amortization and debt maturity schedule for all outstanding debt. On June 30 2011 we do down our $400 million term loan V to fund the closing of ING Clarion Real Estate Securities on July 1st. The terms are LIBOR plus 350 with 1% annual amortization and maturity in 2019. While we have sufficient cash on hand and debt capacities to fund the remainder of the ING REIM acquisition, we are also considering whether or not we will utilize the $250 million dollar ATM equity raise authorized by our Board of Directors. We are comfortable with a balanced maturity profile we have on our debts with no meaningful maturities until 2015. Please turn to slide 17. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter of 2011 was $1.2 billion. This represents an increase from year-end 2010 primarily due to seasonal and incentive compensation and tax payments. In addition, we spent approximately $45 million on three in-fill acquisitions during this timeframe. These included our affiliate operation in Switzerland, a retail property management company in Central and Eastern Europe and evaluation business in Australia. At June 30 2011, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 6.2% slightly lower than the 6.4% at the end of the first quarter of 2011. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.25 times at the end of the second quarter of 2011 on a trailing twelve months basis. Our total company net debt to EBITDA stood at 1.64 times which remains below our current target of 2 times. We continued to anticipate that this ratio will be approximately 2.5 times post the closing of all ING REIM. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you Gil and please turn to slide 18. This quarter demonstrated that the recovery in commercial real estate continues despite some bumps in the road to global economic recovery. Outsourcing fundamentals remain strong as evidence by our execution of the record number of contracts in the second quarter. We continued to look for double digit revenue growth from this part of our business. We expect our investments sales business in the Americas and Asia Pacific to continue to generate strong revenue growth throughout the year with somewhat less certainty in this regard in EMEA. Recent revenue growth should remain solid even in the phase of tougher comparisons later in the year. While individual transactions can often greatly implements quarter-to-quarter performance of our global investment management and development services segments. We are generally quite optimistic about the outlook for these businesses for the rest of this year. The carried interest compensation accruals taken in the investment management business are good indicators of future asset valuation increases and corresponding carried interest revenue for the company. We continue to target peak EBITDA margins of 20% for the company and we continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $0.95 to a $1.05 per share for full year in 2011. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question is from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan, please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank your good morning.
Brett White: Good morning.
Gil Borok: Good morning.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: The extra comp cost that you guys took on in Europe and then returning some of the comp levels to pre-recession levels, you mentioned you did a lot of these things in anticipation of a higher revenue base, I am just wondering if you think you are going to hit that higher revenue base or what that sort of return looks like on making these investments back in the costs.
Brett White: Sure Anthony, I will take a stab at this and then Gill, you can round up what I neglect to mention. Your know Anthony when we set our budgets for the year, and we need to forecast not only the amount of aggravate revenues that the company will benefit from during the year but also their timing and their mix and that anticipation of revenues time in a mix, then determines the amount of expense that we will load into business for future growth. And the hiring that we have been doing across the business has been an anticipation of the type of the revenue growth that we are seeing right now. These really at the revenue line unprecedented numbers for services of industry firm in its space. So revenues are coming in at a level that are very close to what we expected, how they make it is a bit different and that mix that we are experience at this movement is rated a bit more heavily towards the outsourcing states and a bit less heavily in Europe towards the capital markets business, which is our highest margin business. Now withstanding that our view regarding the recovery in general and in the mid and long-term remains like what it has been all long, which is we are in the early stages of a cyclical recovery, it will be a good recovery and the hiring we have been doing the business is well timed and well placed for the revenues were both expressing today and what we will be experiencing down the road in the future, but quarter-to-quarter and the early stages of this recovery cycle it will not match perfectly and we saw a little bit of that in the second quarter results. Gil you want to add anything to that?
Gil Borok: Yes, Brett the only thing I would say; I just reiterate that you know we do manage cost and philosophically manage costs relative to revenues but you don’t know what is in front of you and you certainly you do what is behind you and so seeing what we have seen this quarter in our conclusions regarding that, we can then make adjustments to our cost base to match - anticipate revenues based on the latest performance.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Is there anything that you seeing after that prompt you to may be take you further off the gas in terms of investing in some businesses and just watching things on the cross side a bit more at this point.
Brett White: You know it is a great question Anthony, it is something that like I said it’s an art and so we feel very strong that our commitment to the market to our shareholders and to all of you is that we focus very, very heavily on margin and you know that about us. So we are probably more likely to make adjustments of the cost base quickly and relieve as opposed to standing on the idea that these investments should stand as they are and continue a pace for some future date of revenue increase, so all that to say that based on the mix of revenues that we have seen year-to-date and the derivations geographically there is revenues. We have already begun to address components of our cost structure and you should expect us to do whatever we need to do to deliver the margins and earnings that we talk about the last few quarters.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, a question on the leasing side, and that part of the business, can you talk to just general activity levels over the last few months, like did you see much of a slowdown in May across the regions and are you seeing any sort of pickup in July, just how is the business felt and you know how this has been feeling over the just the last few months.
Brett White: Well, let me first of all say that the kind of leasing growth we are seeing globally right now is unprecedented, it follows a year or we have a very strong growth as well and leasing was not hit anywhere near as hard day and capital market were during the down turn, so the leasing business generally speaking is in very good shape, now that means there is so much uncertainty out there in the market place and has been for a few months here, that it is very difficult to tell month to month what leasing revenues are going to look like and they can be very lumpy as well, you know few large transactions can really move the needle you way on you leasing business in any geography. I would say generally Anthony that leasing business looks quite good that our expectations are as it will remain quite good for a year and I guess, Anthony I would remind you and the other caller’s of what we talk about a lot in our investor day and we talk about on this phone call, which shocks to the capital market, such as we are seeing in Europe right now for sovereign debt concerns. What that does, it does not tend to have an immediate impact on the leasing. It tends to call a time out in our capital markets business. So, for instance, our investment properties performance in Europe was below what we had expected and that absolutely to be expected, when you have got these charts to the capital market system in Europe. It is a time out, it is certainly not a change of course and we remain very bullish on the capital markets both mid and long term, but these issues that we see in Europe, there is a spectacle is occurring in Washington right now. At the moment, we don’t seem to be having a material impact on leasing now if they continue for a for a protracted period of time that could change, but at the moment I would say leasing looks, looks quite good.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, then just my last question. How much did you guys spend on those few acquisitions you made in the quarter and what were the EBTIDA multiples like.
Brett White: I will give you the multiples and then Gil if you want to them out, you can. I do not think we will, but all we got is a (inaudible). In multiples in a market like this are going to be a bit higher than they will be later on this cycle, because we are buying off of trough EBITDA. So, the kind of multiples that we are looking at today, they vary by geography and they vary by business line. Generally speaking, I would say on the low-end they run probably four to five times and at the high-end we will probably getting into the eight range and again it really depends on what type of trough you guys are buying off of and the kind of churns that you can get around the measurement, but that would, be the range and that range is as you know Anthony, it is fairly typical for our acquisition program. Gil, you want to talk about any of the numbers there.
Gil Borok: Yes, we already disclosed an aggregate, it was $45 million.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning guys. Not that I would beat a dead horse on the cost, but Brett your point on time out in certain markets. Do you think from a strategic standpoint that you are staffed appropriately for a time out meaning that do you think it’s temporary for this year or do you think that your points about managing costs going forward that you would manage more to a margin target for the end of the year or an earnings target for the end of the year.
Brett White: Well, there is a lot in that question Sloan. I will start with we manage the business to a margin target and to an absolute earnings target and we expect the business to produce at both those metrics, according to the plan we set forth at the beginning of the year. Let me be clear about by what I mean by a time out. This can be a two week phenomena, it is not a year phenomena and these time outs tend to be, if you look at the performance of EMEA capital markets in the second quarter, we are at 9%, which I believe was the highest growth rate of industry in the second quarter. We had a very good performance there in the capital markets, but not the level performance that you would expect at this stage of recovery and that is because of these issues occurring, I believe these issues occurring across pan continental Europe, but that slowing of capital markets transactions can be a very short life phenomena and what it is Sloan, I think I talked about this before. It’s simply buyers pausing because they want to see what resolution of these specific issues in the market will be because that will allow them to set pricing, so it may be a two week phenomena, it may be a two month phenomena. I doubt it is a two quarter phenomena. It is definitely not a year phenomena and there are four, as we think about our business and we think about citing cost. Certainly, we are looking at those businesses in the capital markets, so we look at the entire business to make sure that - where we see the revenues coming from both by line of business and by geography that we can deliver at the EBITDA, the margin in the earnings line, the numbers that we - we believe are appropriate for the year so all that to say again and you are not beating a dead worse. I think you are asking right question Sloan. We really believe that delivering those metrics is important. I do not feel great about the performance of net income line this past quarter. I do not feel great about it at all. And we are not going to continue along at that kind of performance for the balance of the year. We will do whatever it takes to deliver the kind of numbers that we believe are appropriate for this firm in this and those for instance Sloan, to be specific our expectation remains that our full year EBITDA margins 2011 will be greater than our full EBITDA margin 2010 and, let that one sentence define for your lot or answer lot of questions you are going to ask.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that, that is fair enough , very helpful and then just a kind of follow up question with regard to what we are seeing from your competitors being a little bit more aggressive and trying to take share in parts of the world that you are the leaders in. Is that causing any pressure on cost with regard to retaining your own talent?
Brett White: No, it isn’t. We are – first of all I would say that phenomena I do not know if it is any different today than it was last year or three years ago or five years ago. The competitive environment that we live in is fierce, but our ability to not only retain key talent (inaudible) to our competitors remains very, very high, for all the reasons that we have talked about before. In our industry, we employ a population of 31,000 people. We take enormous pride in our position in the market place and I believe in our business, having been in this business now close to 30 years, it really doesn’t matter where you set a lead table [ph] in this business. People take great pride in that. They think about it a lot and they believe that it brings meaningful business to the table being number one in these markets and it needs business lines. All that to say that we certainly see a lot of the recruiting going on in the market place, we haven’t lost any to my knowledge. We haven’t lost any significant revenue producing personnel or for that matter management in some time. In fact we are picking up, I believe we are picking up some pretty terrific of talent right now in all three of our major geographies.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you guys.
Brett White: Sure.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair, please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Hi, guys. Wonder if you could focus on headcount for a bit in two different ways. One in terms of brokerage professionals you are adding and investment sales and leasing. Can you give us a sense of what it may have looked like to finish out 2010 and where we are now and if any color by geography it would be helpful also. And the kind of a base within that to a certain extent - kind of support people that have come along with those broker hires. Just kind of trying to get a sense of how we think about the human capital and kind of fix a cost that is in the business now versus last year.
Brett White: Yes, it’s a good question Brandon. Indeed, the headcount on revenue producing professionals in the transaction business probably has not moved much year-over-year and I will just remind you and the callers what we have talked about before a lot, which is the capacity of the business to onboard additional (inaudible) FTE position. We it is not unlimited; we have never yet shift that maximum amount that requires the hiring of additional revenue production people to accommodate the revenues. What does change as the markets begin to improve is spending in other areas and those other areas are things such as travel for marketing, its overall marketing expenses, its forward expenses will put into large capital markets dispositions or large letting assignments. Its - in this market, we are at one of big areas where cost has been on boarded is we are experiencing at the moment unprecedented levels of on boarding of very large corporate services and institutional assets versus client. These are huge, huge opportunities for us. you see some of them in our key win slides such as PRUPIM and others these are very, very big assignments and the fact of that matter is with 44 lease assignments this quarter, 41 the quarter before and we will well on board over a 100 major contracts issue probably close to 200 and those tend to be very, very heavily weighted front end with cost and tend to have very little if any profit for 10 to 12 to 14 months. So that, there is lot of cost there, that cost, we are not going to touch. Because that is directly associated with large accounts and revenues that we can see, but the marketing cost, some other production cost and the supportive cost in the business, if we do not see the revenue production in those business lines that we expect those are the areas we will pull back a bit on.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Okay and then taking a different track for a second. Given that most industries have seen some sort of price compression or commission compression, have you guys seen either in sales or leasing any pressure from your customers on the commission rates that they are paying to you guys and would you anticipate any if the economy remains kind of stagnant, weak globally does that put more pressure on you guys or doesn’t it because of sort it becomes more valuable.
Brett White: Yes, it’s the latter so commission rates you know, we talked about this before, they do not tend too much, but the movement that does occur, commission rates tend to go up and capital markets – they tend to compress a little bit in better market. You know it is interesting as difficult as the macroeconomic environment is at the moment. The commercial real estate market is quite good and what we are seeing at the moment is showing no movement in our commission rate in any geography. We say some years ago, when it had stuck, a lowering of commission rates on the large capital markets transactions, but nothing has changed there in the last 24 months. I do not expect you are going to see much movement in commission rates are going forward for a few years either.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: (inaudible) question from me. If you look at the larger services deals, facility management, property management deals which you on boarded during 2010, has those generated the types of - follow on the revenue either in a managing business sales process for facilities or managing the leasing around those facilities that is what you expected when you went into those contracts.
Brett White: The answer is yes, but we know going into those contracts so those follow on revenues take quite a bit of time. I will give you an example, there is a terrific global engineering client of ours yet we took on as a global client three years ago. That account has embedded within it an enormous amount of follow on activities that we conduct at a high margin and that account did not really start spinning off those opportunities until two years into the account. It took that long to burn off, the legacy business with the prior incumbent had had their protection on deals that we are not yet done and for us to fully explore the opportunity with that client. So, all these wins that we are getting, last year all the wins that we are getting this year set us up for a very, very good long term picture in terms of picture in terms of cross selling within the business and ongoing additional revenues, but they take time. Unfortunately in the outsourcing business you can on board a client in January and you will bring all the cost on January 1, but the process maybe a year out and they tend to ramp up once they started coming in, so we are not surprised like in we are seeing but that’s the way that business works.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Okay, appreciate it thanks.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Bose George with KBW. Please go ahead.
Bose George - KBW: Good morning, I want you to just switch to a more macro issue just the whole debates that are going on in Washington. Just curious about your thoughts and what would happen if there was a rating downgrade of sovereign debt just in terms of business confidence.
Brett White: Well, I do not really know what was going to happen yet. The spectacles occurring in Washington, I do not know if that is going to end up, let us know because we do not. At the moment, I do not believe that it’s had any impact at all on business activity in the States. I think it certainly has worried a lot of our global partners to know and the outcome of all of these, you know, I suppose if we could follow up and we get a serious downgrade here. I suppose that should have a material impact on business confidence, but I think at the moment there is a law based expectations that a downgrade is going to occur no matter what the outcome is now and we are seeing that have a - at the moment a big impact, any impact at all in the business. It is just impossible to say that trying to judge what impact a change in (inaudible) is going to have on the business is very difficult, but I will stay in the commercial real estate world a different than perhaps consumer spending or some of the other metrics you might look at. In our world, we are doing with clients, who are generally making very long term decisions on the capital market side, as I mentioned earlier, those buying or selling investment properties they can be very, very nimble. They can pull a property from the market for a month and put it back on a month later, they can put a property under contract in a month, cancel a contract and put back in contract 6 weeks later and so that business tends to be a bit fickle with these types of issues in the market place because - by the way fairly quickly, but on the leasing side, on the outsourcing side, on the evaluation side, on the property management side, these business are very slow moving, big, long term oriented contracts - and these types day to day issues and issues we have here in the States and the secondary issues we have in Europe right now do not turn out a big impact on those businesses. These people are – if your firm has a lease coming up December of this year. It doesn’t matter if there is a vacancy downgraded, doesn’t matter what congressmen at the senate do next week. And you are going to get that space regardless, so you know as we watch all this play out. We are seeing the impact of the sovereign debt issues in Europe, play out in the capital markets in Europe you can see it. It’s a bit of a pause there as people wait for some certainty around these issues in the States so far, no impact but no way to tell.
Bose George - KBW: Okay, great, thanks for that and then just wanted more company specific question. I was curious about the impact of currency adjustments on your reported numbers this quarter, is that something you would disclose.
Brett White: Gil
Gil Borok: Generally, we don’t say a lot of currency because it doesn’t have a very big impact on the EBITDA line; they all notably impact from each of revenue and cost lines. I would tell you though on the EBITDA line again this quarter, it is a little bit more notable that usual to the positive by low single digit million.
Bose George – KBW: Okay, great, thank you.
Gil Borok: Sure.
Operator: And we have the question from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thank you, good morning Brett, good morning Gil. First, I just want to ask Gil; do you have based on your guidance what interest expensive would be for the year, do you mind giving that.
Gil Borok:
,:
William Marks - JMP Securities:
 :
Brett White:
 :
Gil Borok: Yes sure. So well what we said in the first quarter right was that we are going to stop giving specific guidance on a large pot because a following along out of philosophy of matching cost to revenue, our revenues were coming at a faster pace than what we anticipated when we had the full - cost would come back, so I would turn to that trend continues in the second quarter meeting, the cost are coming back faster than we thought they would when we gave the original target, because the revenues are coming back faster, but I do not want to get into a specific numbers for the same reasons I did not want to in the first quarter which is a little difficult to judge and we are - doing all that we will continue to from a philosophical and practical standpoint continues to monitor them and monitor them in the context of revenue and mix of revenue.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Okay great and Brett back to your I think powerful comment about potential margin expansion this year. Should we think about this year as a year when you are doing some something is to ramp up or you got added cost that may be not the revenues and the next year the margin should expand more.
Brett White: You know, it is a good question. I suppose the answer is a little bit a yes and a little bit of no. So, philosophically and generally speaking our approach has been to very carefully onboard cost that is supported by near term revenue, so we have really tried to stay away from the idea that we are going to get on these calls and say you we crushed margin this quarter, but in 2012you are going to see some great results - we try not to do that and we are not doing that this quarter. What we say in this quarter that the mixed – first of all we are going to compare issue that significant and if you know, we are not asking to do it, but if you normalize that this comparison we talked about we have 22% EBITDA growth in a flat margins year-over-year. That is pretty damn good. We consider to be a pretty acceptable performance; however, we think we can do better and the reason we think we can do better is the mix of the revenues that came in was different than had forecast late last year, when put the budgets together and because it is different, we are actually making some cost adjustments now, so what we are not saying to you is, hey look folks, this is what it is, we are going to spend these dollars today regardless of mix and regardless of what it does to margins and we are going to give you great performance in future years. We just don’t think that way and what we are saying to you is, we are not satisfied with the performance we put up in the second quarter. We know we can do better; we can do better by more properly matching cost to where the revenues are coming in. That having been said there is absolutely no doubt as we went into 2011, we consciously on-boarded significant cost around our transaction businesses because we knew and we continue to believe that we are in the early quarters of what is going to be a good recovery and remember, Will, we talked about this at the end of the third quarter call last year to fourth quarter call and the first quarter call this year. We knew back then that the recovery was going to be described as incremental and rocky, it has been exactly that. We are not hugely surprised by the GDP forecast numbers that are out there. We are not hugely surprised by the performance of the leasing businesses or the outsourcing businesses. What is that different we expected is the more rate [ph] in Europe based on the sovereign debt issues there and a few other selected items. So our commitment to you and to our shareholders is, we watch margin everyday and we are committed to deliver on margin every day. At this stage, in the early days of recovery cycle though, the phenomena you mentioned is certainly real and there is cost around the business there is opportunity being brought on the business that will pay dividends in future years, most specifically what I referenced a few moments ago with outsourcing. These outsourcing contracts that we were winning are material, there is significant and they are very, very important to the business and when those opportunities arise, we are not going to walk away from them because you know they’re going to hurt margins for year. You go after them and you build a great business around knowing that you have got now 10 years or 12 years perhaps 15 years of a terrific opportunity to cross sell additional services through and to manage one of the world’s best corporations for institutional investors. So we will focus on margins this year Will, we’ll focus on margins next year, there is cost coming into business right now around accounts that will pay dividends in future years and there is some amount of cost we brought into business this year knowing that the revenues we would be chasing with that cost might not materialize till 2012 or 2013, but all that having been said we believe that it is appropriate at this point in time in fact we believe that for a few months to take another look at our cost structure and make adjustments.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And then thank you for that full synopsis of that. One final question, on kind of related to ING free cash flow, your balance sheet. Looking at - I imagine if you had the opportunity around the ING announcement to issue some equity, I guess you always had that opportunity through an ATM or some sort of offering. Would you say that that is off the table, would you still consider issuing the equity or ever thinking about it?
Brett White: Well, as Gil mentioned in his scripted comments earlier today. It is an option that remains available to us and we have also talked about sizing that option which is, I wouldn’t say it’s immaterial, but it is close to it. We thought about $ 250 million or something like that program. At this point, I don’t want to predict whether we will or won’t. I think it is was, something that we want you to know for large acquisitions we will keep it in our back pocket and if we feel that it is the proper use of the equity and it is economically the right decision then we are prepared to do it. We have chosen not to do it so far, but I don’t want to tell you conclusively we have decided not to do it around this field at all. I would say we are probably leaning that way, but I don’t want you to call-up angry if we end up issuing some equity later this year. I suspect it is becoming less likely, but that possibility remains.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Fair enough, okay. Thank you.
Gil Borok: Thanks Will.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Some questions on the US office market. My impression is that in a nationwide absorption is positive, vacancy rates are down, but the rents are still flat. So, first question, would you agree with that characterization and then the follow-on on that. You had spoken in the past about an acceleration in leasing when rents starts to rise and pick-up, but given how strong leasing is growing today with that will it still be the case in this cycle?
Brett White: It is David. What you are seeing right now occurring both here in the States and outside the States is a real nice pick-up in activity among corporate clients. However, what they’re chewing through right now is a fairly significant amount of shadow space of sub-lease space that was out there were empty space that corporations just weren’t using so we have to choose through all of those shadow space in the market before we can start making a real dent on vacancies which will then make a real dent on rents. Our forecasts are that we are about there. The leasing strength is now good enough that we are forecasting increased rentals across all types of the commercial real estate asset class in the coming quarters and I think that is about right. I think we are at that point now where we are about it when of course and you are seeing David in some markets and yours is certainly one of them in Manhattan. We are seeing rent increase in the stronger markets right now.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Alright. Thank you. Did the movement of distress property sales in the second quarter did that accelerate or is it still very sluggish and maybe if you have any thoughts on the pipeline there in the second half of this year.
Brett White: We have talked about this, plan every call for 3 years now and really nothing has changed there David. The distressed property market certainly exists. There has been trading in that market ever since really 2009, the trading has been heavily muted both because of the fact that lenders have been pre-exposed to work these issues out with their current borrowers rather than foreclosing the properties into the market and because the market is improving. The situation we are in now is that, I think there is a broad based consensus that the market is only getting better, not getting worse and therefore any people on the bubble with distressed property, we think that they are into position to hold on or to re-finance or to feed a little bit of equity to a property to keep it are going to do that and those folks who have been thinking about selling their property are encouraged because there is no other better days ahead, so the distressed property pipeline the distressed property market at the moment, I will not describe it as a material component of the business we operate in right now. The real action on the property trading side remains in the core asset class. The best properties in the best cities which are now trading their prices approximating or equal to peak pricings in 2007. The action there is unabated and notwithstanding the issues we see in Europe, notwithstanding nonsense in Washington at the moment. There is an enormous amount of capital out there that wants to buy commercial property right now, but one place that velocity really hasn’t moved much has been quite strong as in core, it is not in distress.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Alright, that is very helpful and then maybe a final question. We are seeing the first Euro CNBS [ph] since the recession this quarter, but we've also, as you have highlighted seen a lot of economic concerns and financial uncertainty there. In net-net is the availability of debts still improving on the margin or have we kind of seen that stabilized here in the second quarter.
Brett White: I think it is improving; it’s the big metrics that you and I would watch is to determine the forecast help in the asset class all moving in the right direction. The underlying dynamics below the commercial real estate services business are very, very good right now. They have been good now for going on a year, they remain very good and the kind of numbers we are seeing in leasing and outsourcing a property management, capital markets in the States, these are impressive figures and so financing is getting a little bit easier every day. The CNBS issuance this year which we think will be $14 billion to $ 16 billion is a little improvement over last year and huge improvement over two years ago and that is just more liquidity into the financing of commercial real estate and that improvement that trend remained apace and we don’t expect it to be impacted day-to-day by the issues that are occurring in the market outside our sector. Pricing will move a bit that is for sure, but the availability is certainly getting better.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Alright, thank you very much.
Brett White: Welcome.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Anthony Paolone, please go ahead with JP Morgan.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Thanks. In the investment sales business, what are margins look like for the big property trades versus more than $10 to $50 million type transactions, just curious as you start to see some of these bigger trades in these core markets starting to happen with more frequency right now.
Brett White: It is a great question Anthony and it is one of those ironic data points of our industry, the margins are better on the little deals so on the smaller transactions there is very little decompression on the very, very large transactions the fees can get fairly skinny as a percent of the total consideration and the margins on the small transactions are quite high. The margins on the bigger transactions are still quite good, but they are not as good as the small ones. Now, on the big core deals your seeing going down out there. I would have to guess what kind of margins one of those deals based down at; every one of those deals is different. They are still quite good. They are certainly within or above the range we target for the firm on an annual basis, but as you compare that to a small deal say $5 million or $10 million deal, you could have a margin on one of those deals that is close to 30%, the bigger deals are something less than that. Gil, I know you look at this quite a bit, would you like to add anything or be more specific on that.
Gil Borok: No, I think generally that is right, that is exactly the way it plays, that’s the larger the deal the smaller the return.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Does that suggest that even though we’re watching a lot of this core stuff and these big properties trade and that is all good that what we really need to see is maybe more broad spread across secondary and tertiary markets where you just on an average smaller trades to kind of help boost margins in that business.
Brett White: I think it is a fair comment. I don’t want to leave with the impression that selling core properties business is a fantastic business because it is. It is still very large piece, it is very, very good for the business and in the core property trades which is also available there which is very interesting to us - most property trades tends to be an opportunity to sell through in a very significant way following products whether it is evaluation or property management or leasing and those matter. So, the tree of big core properties is very important and it is very good for the business. Certainly, as the capital markets continue to mature and we see buying, we are beginning to see that now and Gil mentioned it in his comments. As we see buying now spread away from just core property and getting some with the secondary markets and secondary product types all of these help with the margin, there is no doubt about it and when we get into a completely normal environment in the capital markets, margins will be above in that business where are they now, there is no doubt about that.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you and then just one thing maybe for Gil with the securities part of ING closing on July 01 looks like we got a full quarter of that in 3Q. Can you help us roll forward with some numbers maybe on how much of the billion dollars was allocated to securities and maybe what the multiple on that piece of it look like so we can try to pick that up properly?
Gil Borok: Yes here is what we did, we disclosed that we spent $324 million on that piece of it and we spent $59 million on stepping into co-investments that came along with that business. So, I’ll make that statement, I am not going to get into multiples on the portion of the business, we previously disclosed that the multiple for the total and you saw that in what we presented we put out based on the Performa 2010. What I will say is, with that business coming in you are correct it will have two quarters of activity that will be for our books and records and will benefit through the RE, but we haven’t yet done the purchase price allocation and part of the purchase price will go to intangible that amortize which will be an offset to any of the EBITDA that that business has and frankly that the rest of the business has and off course there is an interest expense associated with the funds used to make the acquisition so what that does I would re-iterate what we have said before which is a modest positive impact in 2011 and it is likely better one in 2012. It takes quite a bit to move the dial relative to the earnings of the entire corporation.
Brett White: I was just not on that topic, but I would comment Anthony and for the rest of the callers. We have covered a lot of very specific questions around cost what is going on with business today based on these issues though it is in Washington and in Europe. I think it is important that we let you know that notwithstanding what are seeing issues we are seeing in Europe notwithstanding the nonsense occurring in Washington right now our views around the strength and the durability to recover are not changed. These are kind of bumps that you will hit on the road from time-to-time, but none of those has in anyway shape or form modified our view about the strength durability and the duration of the recovery we believe we are in.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue gentlemen. Please continue.
Brett White: Great we appreciate everyone dialing in and will talk to you again in three months, thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our teleconference for this morning, thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference service, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk – SVP, IR Brett White – CEO Gil Borok – CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Brandon Dobell - William Blair David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CB Richard Ellis' First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript, and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, business outlook and ability to complete and integrate our announced acquisition of ING REIM. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our First Quarter Earnings report filed on Form 8-K and our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide #3. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. Good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 4. This past quarter we purchased very strong revenue and earnings growth across our business, with revenue gains of 16% for the company and much better growth in normalized EBITDA. Our revenue growth was aided by the continued recovery in the commercial real estate market and continued strong fundamental in our outsourcing business. Normalized EBITDA grew 38% in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010 and diluted adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2011 was $0.13 as compared to $0.01 for the first quarter of 2010. As you might recall from our fourth quarter 2010 earnings call, in the second half of 2010, we restored a significant portion of our US based compensation related expenses that were cut during the downturn due a stronger than expected first year recovery. In addition, in EMEA, in the fourth quarter of 2010 and continuing in the first quarter of 2011, we have aggressively hired producers and related support in anticipation of improving transaction based revenues. We believe that these personnel addition will serve as well in future quarters as our revenue pipelines are generally strong and operating leverage in this region should improve as the year progresses.  Our principal businesses performed very well during the quarter, with strong revenue increases accompanied by lower expenses in Investment Management and gains of $12.9 million of the sale of three properties in the Development business. The recovery and expansion in the global commercial real estate market continued at the rate consistent with early stage recovery in prior cycles. We like what we see in the market and are very excited about our opportunity to leverage our unique and industry-leading platform to produce outside gain for our investors and terrific outcomes for our clients. Some of the more note worthy transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are listed in slide#5. As usual I will not go through them individually, but have included down to show some business wins. I will now turn the call over Gil to go with the financial results in detail.
Gil Borok:  Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide 6. Revenue was $1.2 billion for the quarter of 2011, up 16% from last years first quarter. This increase resulted from improvement in nearly all business lines. Normalized EBITDA was up 38% to $120.6 million in the quarter from $87.5 million in the first quarter of 2010 delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 10.2%, a 170 basis point increase versus the first quarter of 2010. Our cost of services as a percentage of revenue remained almost even at 60.2% in the first quarter of 2011 versus 60% in the first quarter of 2010 primarily due to compensation re-instatements in the US and a notable hiring in EMEA in anticipation of improving transaction base revenues that Brett alluded to earlier. In the first quarter of 2011, operating expenses as a percent of total revenue dropped by a 120 basis points to 31.8% versus 32% in the first quarter of 2010 despite 2010 restatements affecting this line item, which is indicative of effective cost control in the indirect and support areas of our business. Over the past two years we have spoken with you about our expectation of adding back a projected $120 million to $150 million to our run rate cost structure against our 2007 base as revenue increases during the recovery. Cumulatively since the first quarter of 2010, we have added back approximately $135 million of such cost and it is likely that we will exceed the upper end of our projected range in 2011 as revenues which these cost support have already increase significantly more than what we anticipated when we originally made the projection. However, the incremental costs should have minimal bottom line impact as they were mitigated by the revenue growth they support. Interest expense decrease by $16.1 million in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010 due to a net reduction in outstanding debt in the second half of 2010. Our first quarter 2011 tax rate was approximately 41% and we expect it to be slightly below to this full year 2011. First quarter 2011 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.11 versus a loss of $0.02 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.13 versus $0.01 cent in the first quarter of 2010.  Please turn to slide 7. Property and Facility Management was our largest service line in the first quarter of 2011 representing 40% of total revenue in the quarter inline with the prior first quarter. Leasing was our second largest service line in the first quarter of 2011 posting an 8% increase versus the first quarter of 2010. It represented 30% percent of total company revenue in the first quarter of 2011. Sales revenue continued its strong recovery with a growth of 34% in the first quarter of 2011, a significant increase following an increase of 51% in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2009. This resulted from the continued strength of Class A property sales along with noticeable improvement in the sales of other property classes and more favorable financing conditions. Appraisal & Valuation revenue was up 8% in the first quarter of 2011 as compared to the first quarter of 2010. This was driven by continued strength in capital market activities in the quarter. Global Investment Management revenue increased 26% year-over-year driven by increases in asset management and acquisition fees. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage posted an increase of 79% driven loan originations for US government sponsored enterprises as well as significant improvement on the part of traditional and conduit lenders. Development services fee revenue was down 2%. Revenue from property and service management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring This revenue represented approximately 60% of total revenue for the first quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide 8. The outsourcing business growth rate accelerated this quarter posting an increase of 14% versus the first quarter of 2010, the strongest year-over-year quarterly increase since the third quarter of 2008. This was driven by the strong new account growth and client expansion we experienced throughout 2010. In the first quarter a record of 44 total long term contract was signed. This far exceeds the previous quarterly record which was 34. We signed 13 new accounts, 22 renewals, and 9 expansions. Our performance this quarter was strong across all geographies of all regions posting double digits percentage revenue gain. Fundamentals in this business continue to be favorable with increasing corporate spending and a start of job growth evidence. The resulting revenue pipeline is healthy with a focus on global portfolios and penetration in to new segments such as healthcare and government. Overall our global portfolio of commercial property and corporate facilities under management totaled 2.7 billion square feet at the end of the first quarter, an increase of 17% from the first quarter of 2010. Slide 9 demonstrates the stabilizing or improving vacancy rates and absorption through first quarter of 2011 and our forecasted improvements for full year 2011 and 2012. Average national CAP rates improved meaningfully in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010 driven by Class A property sale. These top tier assets continue to trade actively at CAP rate between 4.75% and 6%, while financing has also continued to improve. Please turn to slide 10. The recovery of America sales market continued in the first quarter of 2011 as our revenue for the first quarter increased 38% on a year–over-year basis after 51% increase in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2009. Our market share totaled 15.3% of all activity for the first quarter of 2011 ranking at no. 1 according to Real Capital Analytics. Our Americas leasing revenue posted an 8% increase in the first quarter of 2011 as compared to the first quarter of 2010. This comes on the heels of 20% increase in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter for 2009. The US office vacancy rate decreased by 10 basis point to 16.4% from the fourth quarter of 2010. Net absorption in US office product was possible again and this had a slightly positive impact on vacancy rate. Please turn to slide 11. Our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased by 12% in the first quarter of 2011 as compared to the first quarter of 2010. Activity was led by France and Germany. In the United Kingdom, sales revenue was slightly down from the first quarter of 2010 in part due to the timing of several deals shifting to the second quarter. CBRE’s revenue from leasing and EMEA grew modest 1% in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010. This was respectable considering the fiscal strain that continues within the euro zone and given the 25% increase in leasing revenue in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2009. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased by 57% in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010. The increase was especially notable given it was generated on top of a 123% increase in the fist quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2009. Our leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew 15% in the first quarter versus the first quarter of 2010. The strongest growth came from Australia and New Zealand, China, India as well as Japan. The region suffered its share of natural disasters this quarter with floods in Australia and the Japanese earthquakes. It proved surprisingly resilient from a financial performance standpoint, and while we remain cautious with regard to our near term expectations for the locations directly affected we do not believe that a future material may have impact on company performance is likely. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the Development Services segment was $19.2 million in the first quarter of 2011 versus $18.3 million in the first quarter of 2010. Operating is also the first quarter of 2011 for this segment included normalized EBITDA of $13.5 million, a substantial improvement over the first quarter of 2010 normalized EBITDA of $5.6 million. The improvement in normalized EBITDA was driven by gains from several property sales. At March 31, 2011 in process development totaled $4.9 billion unchanged from December 31, 2010 and up $200 million from the $4.7 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2010. The pipeline at March 31, 2011 increased to $1.5 billion, up $300 million from year end 2010 and $600 million from the end of the first quarter of 2010, which is an early sign of an improving environment. At the end of the first quarter our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $71.2 million. Please turn to slide 14. The Global Investment Management segment's revenue was up 30% to $51.4 million in the first quarter of 2011 from $39.4 million in the first quarter of 2010 including revenue from discontinued operations of $1 million in the first quarter of 2011. Increased fees for assets under management, acquisition fees and rental income all contributed to the revenue increase. Assets under management totaled $37.9 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2011, which was slightly higher than the $37.6 billion under management at the year-end 2010. During the first quarter, we competed approximately $900 million of acquisitions and approximately $300 million of dispositions globally. Currency fluctuations increased the portfolio by approximately $500 million. Year-to-date 2011, we have raised new capital of approximately $200 million and had approximately $1.7 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our current investments in this business at the end of the quarter total $98.5 million. As it relates the ING REIM, we have made very good progress reluctant to closing requirements for the transaction, the process of obtaining partner and lender consensus well underway. All anti-trust (inaudible). The proposed senior leadership structure has been established and we continue to expect the transaction with close in the second half of the year. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15.  In the first quarter of 2011, we incurred $7.5 million of expenses related to the ING REIM acquisition, predominantly for legal and other professional services. In the first quarter of 2011, we reported $1 million of carried interest compensation expense which relates to the gains expected in future period. As of March 31, 2011, the company maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $21 million which (inaudible) the anticipated future carried interest revenue. EBITDA was positively impacted by higher fees for assets under management, acquisition fees and lower expenses. Prior EBITDA included $4.5 million of net non-cash right down of property investments. This business operated at a normalized EBITDA margin of 28% for the first quarter of 2011. Please turn to slide 16. Slide 16 shows an amortization and debt maturity reschedule for all outstanding debt. During the first quarter of 2011, we entered into various six month forward stock interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of $400 million. This action is intended to hedge against the variable interest rates of our term loan facilities. These swap agreements will terminate in 2018 and 2019 and have a weighted average effective interest rate of approximately 6.4%. Debt financing for ING REIM was completed in the first quarter with two delayed draw tranches of debt each totaling $400 million with terms of LIBOR 3.25 and 3.50 respectively, and no LIBOR floor. The new tranche C is due in 2018, and the new tranche D is due in 2019. They both amortize at 1% per annum. We are still evaluating whether or not we will utilize the ATM equity raise authorized by our board of directors for the ING REIM acquisition. As you can see, we have and we will continue to have post the ING financing a very balanced maturity schedule that has not become meaningful until 2015. Please turn to slide 17. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at the end of the first quarter of 2011 was $1.1 billion. This represents an increase from year end 2010 primarily due to seasonal needs driven by incentive compensation payments. At March 31, 2011 our weighted average interest rate was approximately 6.4%, slightly lower than the 6.5% at the end of 2010. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 1.07 times at the end of the first quarter of 2011 on a trailing twelve months basis. Our total company net debt to EBITDA stood at 1.49 times which remains below our current target of 2 times. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White:  Thank you, Gil. Please turn to slide 18. We continue to believe that we are in the early stages of our protracted recovery in the commercial real estate cycle and that traditional industry growth rates are sustainable. Recent outsourcing revenue growth and our contract win rate leaves us optimistic on its prospects for 2011. Investments sales continue to show good gains and do not show signs of slowing in the near term. Leasing continues to post solid growth on top of a stellar recovery in 2010, during which we believe we increased our share of market. We are now more optimistic regarding our expectations for the global investment management and development services businesses. We continue to target peak of cycle EBITDA margin of 20% for the company and will actually manage the business to get there. We continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $0.95 to $1.05 per share for the full year 2011. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Anthony Paolone of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: A question on the incremental cost that you think seem to be coming back. Can you give a census to exactly what those items are, like what costs are going up and where is that money being spent. 
Gil Borok: Hi, it's Gil. Those costs are somewhat narrow in scope but it has to do with hiring of direct producers in our fixed cost countries, so in EMEA in particular and in support of those producers. It’s more on the direct side than on the indirect side of the business, and then some cost associated with support of growing revenues. So, a little bit of travel with this promotion, that sort of thing in support of revenue growth.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: So is it fair to characterize these incremental items as being purely revenue driven or some of this coming by way of the environment becoming more competitive?
Gil Borok: No, I think it is all revenue driven and we’ve always said and then we have always managed and continue to manage our costs relative to the revenue line. We are very focused on that side. So, I would say it is 100% revenue driven.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: In terms of just the competitive landscape more broadly, can you comment on how you see share playing out in the next year, given how much share you picked up over the downturn, particularly as it relates to recently you had mentioned that the comps are tougher and you have had some gains, but you picked up a lot of share and that’s something you are going to have to comp against going forward?
Brett White: Sure, Anthony, this is Brett. You know and I’m sure you have looked at the public data that is in the market place regarding leasing in 2010. You saw that we expanded our share in leasing business, both nationally and we believe that are hard to calculate globally. We expect that in 2011 that those share gains will flow through to revenues and we are beginning to see some of that now. We are very optimistic about 2011’s prospects on leasing, even more optimistic for 2012 and 2013. You saw in the statistics that Gill spoke to a few moments ago, that vacancy continue to drop, absorption continues to pick up and more importantly in the forecast like that Gil referenced, you can see that we expect those trends to accelerate in the coming 24 months. So, as the growth leader in commercial leasing business, we expect our lead to not only maintain the gain and we are confident we will do exactly that.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Do you think the 8% year-over-year leasing comp in the first quarter, you can do better over the course of this year? Is that fair to say because the first quarter was simply pretty tough comp?
Brett White:  First of all, first quarter is a very small quarter, so a small number of significant deals can swing first quarter numbers fairly significantly. For instance, if you go back just one quarter to the fourth quarter and you put the fourth and first quarters together, you see a very different story. You see very-very strong leasing growth for the firm for those two quarters. If topping this business, Anthony, and it’s a little dangerous to draw too many conclusions from a single quarter and I would just again say that look very, very happy with where we sit in leasing share, leasing revenues and, most importantly, leasing profits.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Then I just have a question on the facility side, two part questions on facilities. Your focus on government and healthcare seems to have worked. How far into that do you think you are? Do you think there is a lot left to go there?
Brett White: Quite a bit left to go there. We are in those markets and we have dedicated and highly specialized teams exploiting those markets, but our expectation of those markets is early days. I think there is enormous amount of clear space there to attack. I think this is something you will see in our business and in others businesses in the years to come. These are big spaces that are fairly new to the big services firms. We have all had niche teams in those phases, as you know (inaudible) Development Company has long-long history in particularly the healthcare space. We all see healthcare as a rapidly growing, even more so now rapidly growing industry and therefore much more light for services businesses, also government whether you like it or not government is going in a great big way, and we also want to take advantage of that, as we have and as you saw that, Anthony, really terrific results that came out of the Northern Virginia and Washington DC last year continued on to this year. Those are probably the tightest and mostly active leasing markets in the country all government driven.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan:  Can you give us a sense of the 13 outsourcing contracts that you picked up in the quarter, can you give us a sense as to what the average revenue add if for one of these contracts magnitude-wise?
Gil Borok: No, I can't. We don’t quote it that way. If I have to really give you an average I'll give you an absolute number which I am not going to do. There is no average deal. They're all very different. I would only say that as we get close to now 3 billion square feet commercial property being managed either in our Institutional Asset Management Group or Corporate Outsourcing Group, this business has become a mammoth business for CBRE. It's been part of our strategy, if you know, Anthony, for many years. To be the market leader in that space, which we clearly are, and to build a dominant franchise in space which we've clearly done. We believe that outsourcing space is a great place for this firm to take advantage of the platform that we've built both the outsourcing platform but also transactional evaluation, mortgage platform and I think you should expect to see good growth in that business for some time to come. We are very pleased with those results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sloan Bohlen from Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs:  First a question for Brett or Gil on the operating leverage. You talked about the incremental cost coming back in the $135 million relative to the $600 million cut out. should we think of some upper limit on that so when the operating leverage kicks back in, or should it be one for one as revenues grows we could see more of those costs come back?
Gil Borok: 
 :
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Bigger picture question for Brett, just the growth in the mortgage brokerage business relative to sales and obviously a smaller portion but do you feel like there's maybe greater opportunity in one versus the other based on how pending commercial real estate debt maturities are being dealt with, meaning are more things being expended versus assets trading in?
Brett White: I think that’s certainly part of it, Sloan. There's no question that the financing market is going to be active regardless whether properties change hands or not because you've learned, as you well said, you learn for the maturing. In the short run and the long run, we see these two businesses as part of the same space, its investment capital market space and we have skilled professionals doing both those things for the same client. We pitch these things together. We many times win those opportunities together and so we look at it -- we break it out for you this way, we look at it really as one large capital markets activity which has enormous potential over the next few years as the sale market begins to return. So, I don’t want to say that one goes up one goes down because I think they both go up but certainly in this environment you put your finger on a very valid point, which is there's a lot of refinancing going on in a market with out a lot of sales and as sales pick while the refinancings go away those sales of current mortgages as well. So, I think the mortgage business, very bright future, short term, long term, the sales business you know, up hugely in the first quarter and we believe for full year again in 2011 but of small numbers. That sale business has got a lot of room for some pretty aggressive roads in the coming two to three years.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Then may be just one more if I could, the question on market share just where you are seeing the highest level of competition in terms of either pay for brokers or where your competitors are trying to add scale?
Brett White: Sure. Well, there's a lot ways to grow a share. You can buy it and that’s great and you are not popping your revenues but I think our investors are much more focused on profitability. So, where we're refocused on growing share is leverage our platform is on-boarding clients profitably and building expense behind, as Gil said, don’t expense behind our producers profitably. We don’t subscribe to a strategy of buying share to punish margins and you just know that. Where we were seeing competition in the market place is where we focused and where we focused is capturing new clients. We don’t spend a lot of time chasing down big ticket, very expensive themes from competitors. We are not sure that, I am not sure that really fits our model too well, but there is definitely lot of competition out there. There is a lot of competition probably the client that hits the market both from the multinational global competitor that we have but even more so from the many, many terrific smaller competitors that exist in every market. Going to Anthony’s question earlier again I wouldn’t read too much in to out first quarter number. I pay a lot more attention to longer term trends. Longer term trends are that we are very, very pleased with the size, with the ability, and most importantly the profitability of our leasing business both here in the States and globally.
Operator: We have a question from (inaudible) from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Question on the reiterated guidance of $0.95 to a $1.05, just wanted to understand the impact of the ING acquisition?
Brett White:  I will let Gil take that.
Gil Borok: Yes. Depending on where it closes and we have said in the second half, if we will have an impact of what ING will have on the business for 2011 and what we have said previously is that we will have a moderate impact in 2011, and we haven’t really commented on the 2012, it is too early to say and we wouldn’t do that at this point anyway. So, I think just based on timing it is not going to be hugely impactable to the P&L in 2011.
Unidentified Analyst:  Just related to cost coming back, I just wanted to better understanding of how, what we kind of consider to be a successful containment of cost so far on exploring revenue growth how you manage to do that? If you can identify some key factors anything that provided high level of success.
Brett White: Sure. Let me take the first part of that now turn over to the door of cost expert, Mr. Borok to give you that data but I think the place to start for that discussion is just corporate philosophy. As you know, as our analyst and investors know, we have had a mandate for over a decade of driving the highest margins in our industry in both good markets and poor markets, and we do that by having a very rigid discipline around management cost. We manage cost in comp, we manage cost and T&E, we manage cost in technology. We are very careful around making those investments that are necessary to produce revenues and not making investments that we think are not profitable for the firm. When I get to ask about cost pretend like if every body is it is just part of culture here. We are very, very focused on having a highly profitable business quarter in quarter out, year in year out and all of our managers and even our beginners out in the field understand that embrace that know that on that. At end of the day the score board that matters over everything else is margin and profitability. Nothing else is even close to as important as those two metrics. Why those two metrics are important is that’s what investors care about as they should. So driving that profitability, driving that margin is the big game for us and we obviously like the position we have there. Gil?
Gil Borok: I don’t know if there’s a lot more for me to add. I mean I think that I could say it a little differently but the same message which is the cost is measured vis-à-vis revenue growth and vis-à-vis support of revenue growth and what matters is the result of those two which is the bottom line EBITDA and margin. If you had some specifics on the numbers, can you just say that again, and I’ll see if I can address it. 
Unidentified Analyst: No, I think I just wanted to know if that was, you know, if you could, if there’s also a implementation, aside from the culture and a mandate from senior management, if there is something else related to technology, consolidation of certain segments that you can necessarily point to, so to get a better understanding of that.
Brett White: Yes, the only thing that I would add is just to your point there is, we talked that was for years, that this is a very scalable platform. So, we have an ability to onboard revenues in our own market but couldn’t add without a direct onboarding of cost in some cases. So, we can bring on more assignments in the business many times at a very high incremental margin and we talked about, we talk about an aspiration of an EBITDA margin of 20% which has never been done in this industry for many firm of any size. We are confident that we can get there, and that’s as much about scale as it is about anything else. It has cost us one for certain results of scale, and if this business continues to grow you should expect us continue to accrete margin and improve profitability.
Operator: We have a question from Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: A couple of big picture questions and a couple of small picture questions. Big picture-wise, how does the client mix look these days with investment sales? Have we seen a big shift towards REITs, away from REITs, towards corporate or away from corporates? If there is a little shift does not make a more or less comparable for the pace of your business?
Brett White: The mix of the business continues to move towards large institutional players in the capital market, and that shift is highly advantageous to our firm. We’re a big company firm. We do exceptionally well working with large institutions, we have great relationships there; and that shift continues in the investment property sales business and accelerated I believe in the last twelve months as there has been an almost complete lack of financing available. That has really knocked out of the business the mid-tier players, the high net worth individuals who require financing and at the same time has highly advantaged the large institutions that can either create greater financing, bridge financing or don’t need financing. So that’s what the long term trend that’s been the standard for business for many years, that’s also been accelerated the last couple of years. As the market stabilizes as financing becomes available then you should see a larger entry back in investment property space of high net worth individuals, partnerships and so forth. Just to be clear, REITs and corporations are a very small component of the overall investment property market. It’s really all about institutional investors and owners.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: In terms of the leasing business, I guess, trying to get a sense of the breadth right now, we’re still concentrated in the downtown markets or how much broadening have you seen buy as the property type or by geography the last couple of quarters?
Brett White: The improvement in the leasing business is really what or where the improving is occurring is really what I think you’re referring to. Again, the broadening of the business, our platform is ubiquitous. We are everywhere the high quality leasing business occurs and we’re usually the dominant firm in every one of those markets, but the improvement in the leasing business has been very typical for early stage recovery which is it tends to improve first in the very, very largest financial services major urban market places. This last current cycle or the current cycle that we were in for the US, as I mentioned earlier, DC, Northern Virginia was exceptionally strong given the growth of government, but there is no question that we saw leasing recover first in the big markets New York City, Washington DC, Northern Virginia and some of the West Coast markets Chicago and so forth. That improvement is here I can tell you for certain is between January 1, 2011 and January 1, 2013, that improvement will move from a small number of large markets to virtually every market. Where we are in that growth of the improvement I can only tell you at the moment that we don’t have a date in front of me I think it is fare to say that all markets now are beginning to move towards recovery just on more quickly than others.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: The question I am not sure for you or better for Gil, but how do you think about the contribution the balance of the year from acquisition base and investor management this quarter a good proxy or should we think acceleration of those pieces profit line?
Brett White: Gil, do you want to take that?
Gil Borok: As you know Brandon, it is hard to say because it is dependent to some degree on a transaction activity, but I would not put a number and I would not say, 'Gee, it is going to you know equal the first quarter or something like that,' but I would say is my sentence there will be improvement in each quarter verses the prior. I say that with a little bit of caution because it is like predicting when the sales transaction will close or leasing transaction will close because it is dependent on property level activity acquisitions primarily, but we are in that phase where there are funds that are acquiring and that generates those type of fees.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Just maybe a comment on your broker headcount trends and then maybe where you are thinking of people’s productivity levels are relative to a sort of hypothetical normalize level?
Brett White: Sure, our broker headcount numbers don't move much. In fact I made this comment before. If you look at a long-term study of our broker headcount what you would find is that our broker headcount in United States for example is actually down from where it was many years ago on a normalized basis for acquisitions. The reason for that is as the business has matured over many years the quality of brokers has increased and firms like ours and other have been able to migrate towards higher quality, higher more productive brokers every year and to weed out those are less productive because the more productive ones can take on all their business and more. The productivity of the brokers right now and may be another way to say your question is the capacity of those brokers to do additional work. I do not want to put a percent capacity that are right now, but I think it is fare to say that there has an enormous amount of capacity in the system right now to onboard additional revenues. If you think about this way the think about a high-ticket broker in New York City who last year billed $10 million in fees that if they are a sale broker that might have been 10 or 12 transactions, they are leasing broker that may be was 15 or 20. The amount of work that would be required to add four deals on the investment property side or four deals on the leasing side, incrementally is not that significant and those brokers do not require much of any additional support to do those transactions. So, all that to say, that we have never in our history have way we thought with maximum capacity of our sales force. I do not know what that number would be we have never seen it. They always have an ability to do more and I would just say that we are on a long ways away from that point at the movement.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: May be just some color on lending standards and credit availability with the respect to the investment sales business?
Brett White: Sure. Credit is loosening slowly. It’s a very incremental process there’s been no great change and the fourth quarter other than its a little bit better and the fourth quarter was a little bit better than third quarter and so on and so forth. The return of credit to the commercial real estate asset class is going to be a slow process and yet it’s a process that I don’t believe can be diverted. In other words credible continue to loosen and lending will continue to improve in the commercial real estate asset class as the health of the asset class improves. Frankly, it's quite impressive to see the amount of business occurring in the sales side of that outside class given how difficult the credit is to obtain, the underwriting is incredibly stringent. It really eliminates the majority of borrower from being able to tap the credit market. So, as I mentioned earlier, you see a investment property market right now dominated by firms who are not dependent on easy credit. Those firms that are really not active at the moment. This is the trend that will continue to improve over time, but I think an improvement take an other two or three years to get back to what we will consider a normal set of play. Also begun contact 2007 and 2006 was not normal, normal state of play is something tighter in terms of lending standards that we saw then, but something much, much more benevolent or support that we don’t see right now.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in queue. Please proceed.
Brett White: Great. Well, a good start to the year. I appreciate your support, your time on the call, we will talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk – SVP, IR Brett White – CEO Gil Borok – CFO
Analysts: Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Bose George – KBW Will Marks – JMP Securities David Ridley-Lane – BOA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Welcome to CB Richard Ellis Fourth-Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Last night we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our Web site at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and is available on the Investor Relations section of our Web site. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript, and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the Web site later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, and our business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our Fourth-Quarter Earnings report filed on Form 8-K and our current Annual Report on Form 10-K and current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s Web site www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide #3; our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. As dire as things appeared two years ago, they now seem equally positive and exciting. We’re at that point in the cycle when all fundamentals are positive and rapidly improving and when everything seems possible. On today’s call, we will discuss our very strong results for Q4 and full-year 2010. It was undoubtedly one of the best years in CBRE’s 100-plus year history and at the moment our near-term future looks even brighter. I’m equally sure many of you would like us to comment on our current M&A activities. Like you, we have read the press speculation and heard the market rumors. However, we have had a longstanding policy not to discuss rumors and speculation on this topic. Accordingly, M&A is not a subject we can or will address today. In fairness to you, I want to make this statement upfront. So, please turn to slide #4, for the fourth-quarter of 2010, we posted very strong revenue and earnings growth in our business. In fact, normalized EBITDA for Q4 2010 and for the full-year 2010 were the second best ever in company’s history. This performance was driven by the continued recovery of the commercial real estate services industry, combined with strong execution and our proven discipline in managing the return of related expenses. Our fourth-quarter total revenue was $1.7 billion, a 27% increase over the fourth-quarter of 2009. As was the case, for most of 2010, our revenue growth was led by three lines of business. Investment sales where revenues were up 40% in Q4 2010 with all regions posting double-digit growth, leasing revenue, which increased 35% led by activity in the Americas and Asia Pacific, and outsourcing, which posted a 10% revenue increase led by the Americas. Total company normalized EBITDA was $253 million, a 27% increase over the fourth-quarter of 2009. This translated into a normalized EBITDA margin of 15.3% in the fourth-quarter of 2010. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth-quarter of 2010 increased 29% to $0.36 versus $0.28 in Q4 2009. As we entered 2010, given our concerns around the economy and its impact on the performance of our business, we significantly reduced target bonus levels and 401(k) matching for 2010. Throughout the year, we did not restore these expenses even as our performance improved. However, based on our performance this past quarter and full year performance, which significantly exceeded our original planning, in the fourth-quarter we substantially restored bonus target levels and also reinstated a partial 401(k) match for our employees retroactively for the full-year 2010. These actions resulted in additional expense of approximately $30.0 million or $0.06 per share in the fourth-quarter. We believe that in light of the company’s superb financial performance this year, these actions were absolutely appropriate and necessary for our business and our employees who made significant personal sacrifices through the downturn to help us reduce $600 million of costs. Many of the individuals benefited by bonus restoration are the same people who received no incentive compensation in 2008 and 50% of their target incentive compensation in 2009. Even with these actions, the company exceeded its financial goals for 2010 and increased its industry leading normalized EBITDA margin by 240 basis points for the full year. I want to also note that our 2010 bonus expense was outsized, because our financial performance significantly exceeded plan due to the unanticipated rate of recovery for our business. For 2011, we believe, US bonus expense is likely to be materially less than 2010 as bonus targets will take into account the anticipated improved financial performance of the business in a more hospitable environment. The amount of additional US bonus expense for 2010 due to over-performance was approximately $25.0 million. On past calls we noted that as we felt more confident in the commercial real estate recovery, we would likely reinstate 20% to 25% of the $600 million in cost cuts we implemented through the downturn, including the bonus and benefit costs, which we brought back in the fourth-quarter, we have now restored about $1.0 million of the anticipated $120 million to $150 million of such costs. Although we believe we’ll be prudent to reinstate the remaining $20.0 million to $50.0 million of these costs in order to drive our business, we will continue to control expenses commensurate with revenue growth to ensure we meet our financial goal of industry-leading EBITDA margins. We are very pleased to be able to show such strong EBITDA and EPS performance for the fourth-quarter and the full-year 2010, while also being able to reward our employees for their terrific 2010 results and their dedication in bringing us out of the downturn a much stronger company. Our strong performance in 2010 and the underlying momentum in the business increases our confidence that we are in the early days of what ought to be a protracted and healthy recovery an expansion cycle in commercial real estate. This firm, the preeminent firm in our industry, has never been positioned better to exploit a recovering marketplace. Some of the more noteworthy transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are listed on slide #5. As usual I’ll not go through them individually, but we have included them to show some key business wins. With that I’ll now turn the call over to Gil to go over our financial results in detail. Gil?
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide #6. Revenue was $1.7 billion for the fourth-quarter of 2010, up 27% from last year, excluding discontinued operations. This increase resulted from improvements in sales, leasing, outsourcing, appraisal and valuation, and commercial mortgage brokerage activities. Normalized EBITDA was also up 27% to $253.1 million in the quarter from a $199 million in the fourth-quarter of 2009, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 15.3% for the fourth-quarter of 2010. Our cost of services as a percentage of revenue was up 80 basis points to 56.4% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 versus 55.6% in the fourth-quarter of last year. This increase mainly resulted from the full restoration of commission rates and salaries to pre-recession levels at the beginning of the third-quarter as well as selected hiring of key professionals as business improved. In the fourth-quarter of 2010, operating expenses as a percent of total revenue dropped slightly by 10 basis points to 31.6% versus 31.7% in the fourth-quarter of 2009 despite the bonus and 401(k) restoration of approximately $30.0 million and carried interest compensation expense related to future periods of $13.8 million. Fourth quarter 2010 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.30 versus $0.21 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.36, up 29% versus $0.28 in the fourth-quarter of 2009. Our fourth-quarter 2010 tax rate was 38%, driven by unanticipated true ups upon filing of certain state tax returns in the US and foreign statutory audit settlements. Please turn to slide #7; leasing was our largest service line in the fourth-quarter of 2010 posting a 35% increase versus the fourth-quarter of 2009. It represented 37% of total company revenue in the current year quarter. Property and facilities management was our second largest service line in the fourth-quarter of 2010 representing 29% of total revenue in the quarter. Sales revenue rose 40% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 versus a year ago following a strong increase posted in the fourth-quarter of 2009 of 24%. The continued strength of Class A property sales coupled with volume increases in other property classes fueled growth in the current year fourth-quarter. Appraisal and valuation revenue was up 19% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 as compared to the fourth-quarter of 2009. This was driven by strong capital market’s activities in the quarter. Commercial mortgage brokerage posted an increase of 233%, driven by loan originations and strong US government sponsored entity activity as well as improvement on the part of traditional and conduit lenders. Global Investment Management revenue increased 87% year-over-year driven by all sources of revenue in that business including management fees, acquisition fees, and carried interest. Development services revenue was down 23%. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees, and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue represented approximately 50% of total revenue for the fourth-quarter of 2010. Please turn to slide #8; the outsourcing business grew nicely in the fourth-quarter, with revenue rising 10%. This was driven by the strong new account growth and client expansion we experienced throughout 2010. In the fourth-quarter, we signed contracts with 18 new accounts. We renewed nine contracts and we expanded our service offering for seven existing outsourcing clients. Our performance this quarter was led by the Americas, which posted its strongest growth rate in the last nine quarters. The total of 34 contracts again matches our strongest quarter ever for most contracts signed in a quarter, which was the second-quarter of 2010. For the full year 2010, 121 total contracts were signed, up 38% from the 88 contracts signed in 2009. This included a record 62 new clients for the full year of 2010. Overall, our global portfolio of commercial property and corporate facilities under management totaled 2.6 billion square feet at the end of the fourth-quarter, an increase of 18% for the full year 2010. Slide #9 demonstrates the stabilizing or improving vacancy rates and absorption in 2010 and our forecasted improvements for 2011 and 2012. Average national cap rates improved meaningfully in 2010 driven by high profile and Class A property sales mostly in larger markets. These top-tier assets are trading actively at cap rates between 4.75% and 6% and financing is available at attractive rates. This strength is also spreading to other property classes as invested appetite for yield has increased. Please turn to slide #10, the recovery of the US sales market continued in the fourth-quarter of 2010 as our Americas sales revenue for the quarter increased 66% on a year-over-year basis. Our market share totaled 14.8% of all activity for the full year 2010 which gave us the top position for the tenth year in a row according to real capital analytics. Our Americas leasing revenue posted a tremendous 45% increase in the fourth-quarter of 2010 as compared to the fourth-quarter of 2009, increasing to $419 million. Nationally, the office vacancy rate decreased by 20 basis points to 16.4%. Net absorption in US office product was positive for the third straight quarter. Please turn to slide #11, our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased by 19% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 as compared to the fourth-quarter of 2009. This increase comes on top of a 29% investment sales increase from the fourth-quarter of 2008 to the fourth-quarter of 2009. Actively here was led by the U.K. and France. CBRE’s revenue from leasing in EMEA grew 6% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 versus the fourth-quarter of 2009. This is consistent with relatively modest economic growth in the euro zone in the fourth-quarter. Activity here was led by the U.K. Please turn to slide #12, CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased by 12% in the fourth-quarter of 2010 versus the fourth-quarter of 2009. The increase was notable, given it was made on top of an 88% increase from the fourth-quarter of 2009 versus the fourth-quarter of 2008. CBRE’s leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew 34% in the fourth-quarter versus the fourth-quarter of 2009. The strongest growth came from Australia, China, India, and Japan. Please turn to slide #13; revenue for the Development Services segment was $19.6 million in the fourth-quarter of 2010 versus $24.5 million in the fourth-quarter of 2009, partially due to lower rental revenues resulting from asset dispositions. Operating results for the fourth-quarter of 2010 for this segment included normalized EBITDA of $8.6 million and a meaningful improvement over the fourth-quarter of 2009 normalized EBITDA of $6.3 million. This improvement in normalized EBITDA was driven by gains from property sales. At December 31, 2010, in-process development totaled $4.9 billion even with the $4.9 billion at September 30, 2010, and up slightly from $4.7 billion at year-end 2009. The pipeline at December 31, 2010, totaled $1.2 billion, up from $1.1 billion at September 30, 2010, and $900 million at year-end 2009. The combined total of $6.1 billion is up 9% from year-end 2009. At the end of the fourth-quarter, our equity co-investments in the Development Services business totaled $62 million. Please turn to slide #14; Global Investment Management revenue was up 106% to $79.8 million in the fourth-quarter of 2010 from $38.7 million in the fourth-quarter of 2009. The company realized $19.9 million of carried interest revenue in the fourth-quarter from a liquidating fund versus no carried interest revenue in the fourth-quarter of 2009. Higher acquisition fees and fees for assets under management also contributed to the revenue increase. Assets under management totaled $37.6 billion at the end of the fourth-quarter 2010, which was up 8% compared to the fourth-quarter 2009 and 5% versus the third-quarter of 2010. During the fourth-quarter, we completed $1.3 billion of acquisitions, $0.5 billion of portfolio takeovers, and approximately $1.1 billion of dispositions globally. Currency fluctuations decreased the portfolio by $200 million. Year-to-date 2010, we have raised new capital of approximately $4.8 billion and had approximately $2 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the quarter. Our current investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $99 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide #15. In the fourth-quarter of 2010, we wrote down only $1.2 million of investments. In the fourth-quarter of 2010 we recognized $19.8 million of carried interest expense of which $6 million pertain to the fund that liquidated during the quarter with the remainder relating to future periods. In the fourth-quarter of 2009, we reversed a net $200 million of carried interest compensation expense accrual, that’s $200,000 of carried interest compensation expense accrual. As of December 31, 2010, the company maintained a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $20 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. EBITDA was positively impacted by carried interest revenue, higher acquisitions fees, and fees for assets under management, a reverse provision for doubtful accounts related to a specific fund as well as approximately $7.6 million associated with the consolidation of several properties due to a change in accounting regulations effective January 1, 2010, which had no bottom-line impact. This business operated at a normalized EBITDA margin of 52% for the fourth-quarter of 2010 and 32% for the full year of 2010. Please turn to slide #16; the left side of slide #16 shows our amortization and debt maturity schedule for the period ended September 30, 2010. The right side of the slide illustrates our outstanding debt following our debt refinancing in the fourth-quarter. During the fourth-quarter we retired all prior outstanding term loans using new term loans A due in 2015 and term loans B due in 2016 totaling $650 million, $350 million of senior and secured noted maturing in 2020, and approximately $475 million of cash. We also increased the revolving credit facility to $700 million and extended its maturity to May 2015. Please turn to slide #17, excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at the end of 2010 was $943 million. This represents a reduction of 33% or $461 million since December 31, 2009. At December 31, 2010, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 6.5%, which came down from approximately 7% at the end of the third-quarter benefiting from our refinancing activities during the fourth-quarter. Our leverage ratio on a covenant basis now stands at 0.94 times at the end of the fourth-quarter of 2010. Our total company net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 1.37 times, which remains below our current target of two times. I’ll now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. Please turn to slide #18. We believe we are in the early stages of recovery in the commercial real estate cycle. It is reasonable to expect meaningful growth in 2011, although we do not expect growth rates comparable to those experienced in 2010 as we bounced off an abnormally little bottom in this cycle. Investment sales and leasing should continue to show year-over-year improvements, although comparisons of course will be a bit tougher. Outsourcing growth trends and our accelerated contract win rate leads us quite optimistic for 2011. We are now more optimistic regarding our expectations for Global Investment Management. Based on the rate at which we brought back cost in 2010, we expect the growth in cost to be much slower in 2011. We are committed to managing cost commensurate with revenue growth to ensure we maintained industry leading margins. We know there is significant operating leverage in our business and still believe getting to our goal of 20% EBITDA margins at the peak of the cycle, is quite achievable. We intend to actively manage the business to get there. Taking all this into account, for the full-year 2011, the second year of what we expect to be a multi-year recovery, we expect earnings to be in the range of $0.95 to $1.05 per share. And operator, with that we’ll now open for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question is from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. First, just a question on margin expectations for 2011. Thank you for the color on what costs have come back to-date, but with the guidance range for earnings that you set, can you maybe give us a sense of what you’re expecting in terms of either revenue growth or where you think the operating leverage could kind of kick in and where margins could end up next year?
Brett White: Let me just give you a general response to that and then, Gil, I’ll ask you to go as deep in that as you’d like to. I think way to think about 2011 is that we are in our opinion firmly in the early days of what we believe is going to be a protracted and strong recovery cycle in commercial real estate. All the fundamentals that you and I watched are certainly pointing now strong positive and we’ll get even more indications from the business everyday that this business is really in a pretty terrific place right now, so, that should without any extraneous negative impacts on the business should allow us to accrete margins fairly handsomely year-over-year through the cycle and that would be our expectation for 2011. We mentioned in our deck that we had some items come through in Q4, which brought down margins a bit, notwithstanding, of course, I know it’s not lost on our collars, we continue both in the down market over the last four years and the up market the last year and a half to have industry leading margins by quite a distance, something that we intend to hold on for a long time. So, Gil, would you like to speak any of the specifics that Sloan mentioned?
Gil Borok: Yes, sure, Brett. Hi, Sloan. I’m not going to comment specifically on where margin might come from revenue cost EBITDA margin because the guidance that we give is EPS guidance and you got to take it from there. What I will say just following on from what Brett said is, obviously, given the one time or the out of period add backs in the fourth-quarter to the extent you’re going to do work in that area. I would obviously concentrate on full year ‘10 margins and do your work off a bat.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Fair enough. Just then maybe a question on competition and market share, if we focus maybe on just investment sales and we look at what real capital analytics showed in the US for growth and volume year-over-year, it appear maybe that your numbers were a little less and I wonder maybe if you can comment on whether you are finding some weaker competitors are now ramping up business or have done some strategic hiring?
Brett White: In terms of the investment property market, both here and the States and in Europe and Asia, we’re a leader in all those markets and we’re a leader in those subsets of the markets that we think we have the best opportunity to create profits. So we look at real capital analytics there are components of what they track we just don’t participate in or don’t participate in very deeply. But those segments that we do participate in, we believe and the number show that we actually increased our distance in share year-over-year, and we intend to continue to do so. On the investment property side, this is the business that has gone through a historic and I think once in a life time unraveling. And really as we all saw, that business went from a peak activity that was astounding to really zero activity two years later. And the onboarding of costs in that business fortunately for us will come as a direct result of the onboarding of revenues. During that down cycle we didn’t release any of our investment property producers. I don’t think any of them left. They’re also here working way real hard. They just didn’t make a lot of money during the downturn. Now, as the property markets pick up, the capacity that those (inaudible) have to onboard revenue is very, very significant, and I don’t think you’re going to see us doing much to add new personnel to add to those businesses around the world, we really don’t need them. And at this point, it’s really just a matter of riding the market backup and continue to take share where we can. Really unlike our other property business lines, this is the business that has some really terrific what I’d describe as niche competitors and in the states clearly, those are Eastdil Secured and Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, those are our two big competitors in the state, they are fantastic firms, this is all they do. That’s where the battles are, it’s those two firms and us and we like that battle. We’re holding our own, they’re holding their own, but I like our position and don’t expect us to be slipping backward any time soon.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: And then maybe just one last one, Brett, for you on the strategy and obviously maybe you can’t comment specifically to rumored transactions, but areas of the business that you’d like to grow going forward, may be you can talk about where you see the best opportunity to add, I guess, little growth beyond what you think can happen from just a market recovery?
Brett White: What I’ll do is I’m just going to go right back to the comments I made last quarter and just remind everybody what we said then. We believe there are lots of opportunities in the market place right now. Let me start, Sloan, by just reminding, you know this but don’t mind those callers who may have forgotten. Probably, the most important thing we did in the fourth-quarter was, refinancing of our balance sheet. That refinancing, which we believe was market setting. It substantially improved our covenants in terms of maturities and flexibility. We got the first non-investment grade revolver without a floor in this sector this year or last year. We had the first term B in any sector with any credit without a floor last year. And we have the first-ever (inaudible) expandable reusable accordion. The reason that so important and I know you appreciate this is it gave us enormous amount of capacity to make acquisitions and to take advantage of this marketplace. And as I said last quarter, those opportunities will come two ways. The first is there will simply be firm like in any year that has made a decision they’re trying to compete against the global multinationals. It’s just too hard a road to slog and they’ll look to a roll up of some sort, and we’ll be looking at those firms as we always do as good opportunities if priced right and if we think we can integrate them. But as I also mentioned last quarter, this market down cycle has brought to the market once in a life time opportunities that frankly I don’t know that we’ll ever see again. Those once in a life time opportunities come in a couple flavors; first and foremost is the investment management space and we talked about that last quarter. There have been a number of investment management platforms in the pension fund advisory business that have gone to market either through very public auctions or very quite one-off trades. That isn’t going to happen again likely in my life time. And so, we are keenly interested in watching those opportunities as they come through the marketplace, and we’re positioned and poised to go after any of them we think are good for our business and suitable for the business. We’ll also see those once in a life time opportunities come through, we believe, in some of the more traditional multi-service platforms in the commercial real estate service space. This downturn wreaked a lot of havoc and a lot of pain on some of the smaller firms. I think that it’s very clear to us that some of those firms as good as they are have just come to the conclusion that being a tweener in this industry is just not a good place to be. And some of those firms also are now, we’re finding interested in having discussions they’ve never been interested in having before. So, I think the right answer to your question is, this is a very, very unique time. We went through a lot of work in the last 18 months to get this company ready for coming out of this downturn so that we could make strategic acquisitions. Our balance sheet has never been healthier, in better shape, and more flexible than it is now. We’re aggressively looking throughout the marketplace for these once in a life time opportunities, I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to bring some of them to closure.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thanks. A question on your growth in leasing revenues. It was pretty strong and I was wondering if you can tell us how much of that came from perhaps market share gains versus just strength in the commercial real estate market fundamentals more broadly and also by regions?
Brett White: Anthony, let me give you some data points to start with and then I’ll answer your more subjective question, if you don’t mind. I think this will be helpful. If you look at US leasing and I use office as a proxy for the market, I think that’s a fair proxy. Velocity are number of transactions was up 18% in the fourth-quarter over prior and 20% for the year. Lease term barely moved. It was up 2% for the fourth-quarter and 6% for the year. Square footage also barely moved. It was up 1% for the fourth-quarter and 4% for the year. Average commission per transaction, however, was up quite strong. It was up 11% for the quarter and 19% for the full-year, and of course those two numbers relate to the harder compare you’re going to get to later in 2010. Now, what all that tells us is you’re seeing a lot more transactions come to the marketplace at a higher price, which is, of course, indicative of a recovering marketplace. In the leasing business, both here in Europe, in Asia, we are the dominant player in that brokerage work out in the marketplace and because of that we do tend to accrete more share in a recovering marketplace we believe than do our competitors. I believe that the numbers are showing that’s indeed what happened in 2010 and what I’d expect to happen in 2011. For our business this is a very, very good time for our leasing professionals. For really 2.5 years, they’ve been working with companies as they went down into the bunker and stayed in the bunker and they’re now working with those same companies as their CFOs and Treasurers and CEOs become much more optimistic about their future are now working on what we’d consider to be much more traditional or normal business plans as it pertains to taking on new space. The price differential you saw here, average commission difference that you saw year-over-year is also indicative of the quality of space that tenants are now going after. Average rents didn’t go up as much as the numbers I gave you. What that means is that there’s less leasing occurring in the, what I would call, sublet or shadow space market and a lot more leasing incurring in high quality product, again, very indicative of a recovering market and that bodes very, very well for our leasing business. These are the transactions where our margins are quite strong. It’s transactions where our producers and our leasing businesses tend to do very, very well. So that business line perhaps as much as any other we have right now isn’t one we’re probably most excited about as we came out of 2010.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: I guess then to somewhat paraphrase, it’s kind of the faster recovery that we’ve seen in the major cities like New York or D.C. or London driving that?
Brett White: It’s a much faster recovery than we expected, Anthony. And here is what I think we’re seeing we talked about this last quarter. If you look at the broad economic data, you would be very puzzled by these numbers, because as good as these numbers are, it really is hard to define any strength in the overall US or global economy. It’s really a very anemic recovery from that respect and certainly in terms of job growth. But what these numbers tell us and we talked about this last quarter as well, our clients, the folks who are occupying space on the marketplace, frankly at the moment, are not very interested in the current economic numbers and indicators. What they are doing is they are making decisions on their view of the mid-term and long-term right now. I would say across the board, if you were to pull the top 100 or 200 space occupiers in the States or in Europe, you would find that the vast majority of them, probably over 90% of them believe that the prospects for their business were strongly more positive looking forward than they’ve been. That’s what they are using to make their space decisions. And so, all that to say that the occupier market is a bit ahead of the economic recovery and that makes sense. They are taking the space they need to hire. They need to do that before they hire the bodies and our expectation is, by the way, from these numbers is the job growth is right around the corner. Certainly, what our clients were telling us is that they believe they will be expanding their businesses, they believe they will be hiring and therefore, they need more space.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thanks for that. Question on the outsourcing revenues, up 10% in the quarter, but square footage actually grew about 18%, how do we tie this two together?
Brett White: Unfortunately, and I wish they did, they don’t directly correlate. The revenue growth comes, of course, as we are either reimbursed for employees or we put on these accounts where we earn fees its management contract or incentive fees or project fees around the contract. We can on board a lot of square footage and in fact we did the last three years without a lot of incremental margin or profitability and that’s fairly typical for a difficult marketplace for these large corporate customers are not particularly active in the market. There’s no question there’s been fee pressures throughout that business the last three years on the downside of the economy, yet, fee pressure still exist, although my expectation is it will loosen up a bit in 2011 and 2012. But for us, the way we think about that business, Anthony, is the growth of that business starts with the onboarding of the contract and the onboarding of square footage. That gives us control of the business. Now, as the markets improve and as those customers become more active again, we now have them as a captive customer, and we will onboard those revenues as they become more active. So, we like the statistics, we like the fact that that business is growing in terms of number of clients and square footage managed, and we’re patient, but, of course, expecting for transaction fees and incentive fees and other fees to come through those contracts as the economy improves. The big outsourcing customers are probably the most conservative customers we have in terms of moving forward with an optimistic view. These are big, big companies who outsource for cost efficiency and they tend to be a bit more conservative around taking new space and expanding their capital budget, but they will. And I think what you will find and certainly what we expect is, the onboarding of square footage we’ve done in the last few years as the market continues to improve will pay big dividend.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Bose George with KBW. Please go ahead.
Bose George - KBW: Hey, good morning. I think you had made a comment earlier on the 4Q tax rate, which I missed. But I was just wondering what drove the tax rate to somewhat higher than we’d expected. And in terms of next year, should we look for a tax rate kind of back in the high-30s?
Brett White: Good question. I’ll let Gil answer that.
Gil Borok: Hi, Bose. The tax rate for the fourth-quarter was 38% on a normalized basis, so, it’s quite complicated. When you look at our press release first of all if you just calculate the tax rate, it’s only on the continuing operations and on a GAAP basis in the Development business we had some discontinued operations that actually had a tax benefit. So if you’ll take my word, on a normalized basis, it was 38% in the fourth-quarter. We did have some foreign audit, small but they affected rates, small audit settlements in a couple of countries. We also had some true-ups with state taxes in the US. So that did impact the rate in the quarter a little bit, they were discrete to the quarter. I think mostly importantly is what do we think the tax rate will be next year, and I’m going to tell you, I think it’s going to be around 38%, 39%. If revenue shift to the US, which it may well do in 2011 a little bit then that would impact the tax rate by having it go up a little, so, I’m going to go with 38% to 39% on a normalized basis for ‘11.
Bose George - KBW: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then just wanted to touch on the commercial brokerage. You’d mentioned a strong GSE activity and just with all the multi-family activity, which I think is probably picking up with a lot of maturities, do you think that strengthens further into 2011 and ‘12?
Brett White: It’s a good question. Certainly, that has been big story in that market space through the downturn in the last year and half of recovery. I expect that it’s going to continue to be a big part of story. However, I think what’s going to happen here is the other segments of the capital markets will continue to come back to the marketplace. Multi-family won’t be the only story out there, and certainly right now it isn’t, we’re seeing increased activity, in fact quite increased activity across all product types now. So, as the markets recover and as we get back to a more normal operating environment for all product types, I think the GSE and the multi-family story will take their rightful place as an important story, but not the story. But certainly, I don’t see it as a declining business, I certainly see it as very good, very core business for us that will continue to be so.
Bose George - KBW: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thanks. Good morning, Brett, good morning, Gilt Fund.
Gil Borok: Hi, Will.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Hello. A few questions here. I guess, first of all on the net debt position right now, it look like for the full year the reduction was in the neighborhood of $300 million, is that correct if you can confirm.
Gil Borok: The net debt if you go to slide #17, it’s actually on the cap table. The net debt was down $460 million year-over-year. The gross debt close to $700 million, which what that tells you is we used cash to pay down debt, which is true, and you can also see that on the cap table, cash went down $235 million.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Do you think that $461 million is a pretty good indicator of what your true cash flow was?
Gil Borok: That’s a different question. I think the question is cash flow from operations. It turns out and it’s probably pretty close. Yes, lot of our cash flow from operations went to pay down debt, and, of course, cash is fungible, so there were a lot of other reasons that cash was used or came in. But, yes, when all is said and done, that’s a pretty good proxy.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thanks. And then in the first-quarter sometimes I think there is a bump from the actual cash bonus payments. Should we expect an increase during the first-quarter in terms of net debt?
Gil Borok: In a normal course, yes, there will be some revolver borrowings in the first-quarter. If you would have looked at this time last year, we were in a net cash position. We were sitting on quite a bit of cash waiting to determine what we would do and what refinancings we would do, so you didn’t see that normal spike. But what I would tell you is given that we’ve used cash, domestic cash in particular, and we have to differentiate between foreign and domestic, domestic being more readily available vis-à-vis the credit line, then, yes, it makes sense and best use of cash will be to pay down debt as we’ve done, use the credit line to cover the seasonal working capital need and then pay it back down when the cash come in later in the year. So yes, there will be some borrowings on the revolver in the first-quarter to cover bonuses in the US
Will Marks - JMP Securities: And then on a related note to the debt position is, can you give us a range of maybe the interest expense figure that we should be assuming for 2011?
Gil Borok: I’m going to tell you on a quarterly basis, it will be between $35 million and $40 million.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: And then a couple big picture questions. One, actually on the broker count, would you say in the US your sales on leasing brokerage headcount increased, stayed flat, what happened in 2010?
Brett White: There’s a lot of ins and outs there, but I’d say, generally, it stayed flat. What we’re doing with our brokerage sales force is the same thing we’ve been doing fortunately for us for some time. We have a footprint in the states that is complete. We don’t have any gaps in the market. As you know, we have no gaps in the market. We’re the dominant player in virtually every city. So what we deal with is attrition, the retirement, and the way we deal with that is to on board new recruits primarily out of college, sometimes from competitors to backfill those folks that attrition out through primarily retirement, that’s generally a net zero. It goes up or down a couple percentage points, but it’s generally a net zero. I think we’ve talked about this before, Will, we believe by far the longest tenure of our sales folks in the industry. People don’t leave here when they get here. So, our issue is really are not needing to go out to the competitive marketplace and hire folks. We do that very, very selectively, but really more to bring in young people, get them trained up in our firm and then slowly inculcate into the market to replace those folks that are leaving for retirement. We have no initiatives of any real size to speak of right now to bulk up fee earners anywhere in world. Although, we do have initiatives to target specific professional at some specific competitors that we think would do better under our platform than they are under theirs and folks that we think could be additive to the mix, but those are very targeted. They will not move the needle on overall brokerage headcount.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: A couple of other things. Brett, the $0.06 figure you gave in your prepared comments that was including that $30 million plus 401(k). Can you just, sorry to ask you to repeat that.
Brett White: Let me let Gil repeat as I don’t trip up on the numbers, but Gil –
Gil Borok: The $30 million is inclusive of both, that was the bonus and 401(k) add back and it did translate into about $0.06 in the quarter, yes.
Brett White: I just want to add something to that. The point we tried to make in the deck and it may not be entirely clear is, in addition to that there was this issue of over-performance in our bonus plans. I think, as you know, in the US the management bonuses are based on an EBITDA target number, so, beginning of the year, we set a budget. That budget number becomes an EBITDA target. Our management will pay the bonus based on if they miss or beat that target. Because of the way 2010 played out, it maxed out all the bonus plans. In fact, it was a highest percentage bonuses paid to many of our managers ever, at least it won’t happen probably for a long time. So that overage which I believe Gil characterized is $25 million is unlikely to be seen again in 2011 in those bonus plans, so you only have the impact of two things there. You had some reinstatement of cost, but you also have this once in a long time event where our managers actually received a very outsized bonus. God knows they deserved it. But the way our programs work, it’s highly, highly unlikely they would repeat that in the near-term.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Is that all in the operating industry of another line?
Gil Borok: Well, let me just clarify. When Brett quoted the $25 million, that’s over-performance for the year, the $30 million add-back is in the fourth-quarter, combination of reinstatement and over-performance.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Got it. I’m sure it really has spread out all over. I mean when I look at the increased expense in the quarter, it really looks to be mostly in industry of another line in terms of certainly where I missed my number and I don’t know about anyone else. But I would assume that it’s in that line but you’re saying it is spread all over.
Gil Borok: You’re correct. It’s more heavily weighted to OpEx.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And then just lastly, related to all this and you give plenty of color on the whole expense issue, if we look at 2011, and does this make the fourth-quarter the easiest comp or we’re going to have some of this issue in the first three quarters, how should we be thinking about it?
Brett White: I’d never answer that question. There is no such thing as an easy comp, but I would say this that certainly some of those items that came through for the year in the quarter, some will be repeated, some won’t. But I think the main point here we would want our investors and analysts to take away from this is, first of all, we certainly understand the questions, because I think comp expenses we put through Q4 surprised you and that’s never appreciated by our investors and analysts. The point we’re trying to make, however, is first of all, that in the broad scheme of things it doesn’t really matter. I’d remind you and all of our callers that our margins, it really is an amazing thing, our margins through the down cycle and now through the recovery cycle were markedly better than any other major player in this industry. Our current margin is over almost 200 basis points higher than next largest competitor. This is the company that has a proven and unique ability to convert revenue to profit. And we’re going to continue to do that. And we are not going to onboard expense as a determent of our margins. In this case, we’re able to do something we felt was appropriate and actually morally correct for employees and still preserve a wide delta on our operating profitabilities from those we compete against and that is a main story.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay, thanks a lot.
Brett White: You bet.
Operator:
 :
David Ridley-Lane - BOA Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi. Bit of a scenario question for you. Would another shock to the financial system such as, say, a further downturn in the US residential housing market or foreclosure related issues there or perhaps a repeat of the euro sovereign debt issues, how much do you think that would really impact investment sales given the fundamentals that you’re seeing out there in the market? How much confidence do you have in your forecast given the continued uncertainty on the financial side of things, not necessarily, on the real estate side of things?
Brett White: It’s a really good question. It’s something we think about quite a bit. Here’s the answer we would have or we do have today. First, keep in mind that the damage done to the capital markets from all the things that has happened in the last four years, not just the sovereign debt issues, but also really disappearance of the capital markets for a period of time and the problem with lenders. That damage to the financial system has not been repaired, not even remotely been repaired. And the activity you see in the capital markets is in spite of that. In other words, the fuel behind our capital markets business right now is not the robust return to commercial lending. In fact, there isn’t. Notwithstanding what all our great client banks tell us how actively they are lending, we don’t see it. The underwriting criteria being used by the banks today is severe and really beyond the reach of most traditional investors. So the activity we see in the marketplace today is being done around that problem rather than be done because those problems been fixed and I say all that because another shock to the financial system I don’t think would have a significant impact on the overall capital markets business. What’s fueling that investment property business, the capital markets business right now is a desire by capital to be invested in the asset class and the ability of capital to find new sources of lending to get those transactions done. It’s not being done because your firm or other great clients we have, have rushed back into the commercial property sector, in fact, that’s (technical difficulty) the opposite. So that gives some comfort that if we see a sovereign debt issue in Europe or we see a further deterioration in the US residential market they will not have as large an impact on that business as they typically would because that impact has already worked in to the system. So, as we think about our forecast going forward, we feel pretty good about them. I think the risks to the forecast really are around jobs and job growth. I think that, if in all 2011 we see no job growth, which is where installed the last 18 months, I think there is some risk to these forecasts. The market that we’re dealing with, the occupiers that we are dealing with anticipate job growth. And something that would shut that down would be a more real risk factor I think to the forecast than a shock to the financial system.
David Ridley-Lane - BOA Merrill Lynch: That’s great color. This might be too nit-picky, but the gain on sale of real estate line is always tough to predict. It was about $7 million in 2010. I know this is tough, but should we just pencil in something similar for 2011 or would you expect it to be higher or is there some sort of pipeline that you’re looking at that would help us?
Brett White: Gil?
Gil Borok: The best thing I would tell you to do is, if you look at the slide #13, which is Development Services that tells you what the pipeline is. That line item is by and large driven by that business. But to give you further specific commentary is difficult to do because, as you know, that business is dependent and that line item in particularly is dependent on sales activity, and it depends what type of sales we have. If we have a sale of a joint venture than the ‘gain’ which show up through equity earnings, if we have a consolidated sale of the consolidated property it shows through that line. So, to analyze that line is pretty tough. I think you’ve got to look at the development business as a whole and make some assumptions, each and all of our assumptions will be different as to what is a consolidated sale, what we’re predicting what it’s going to be versus equity earnings. So, I agree with you. It’s very tough and therefore I’m not able to put a prediction on what exactly would flow through that line. And again, I would refer you to the business in total.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Brett White: Thanks, everyone for your time on the call. We’ll be speaking to you again soon. Thanks a lot.
Gil Borok: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our teleconference call for this morning. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - SVP, IR Brett White - CEO Gil Borok - CFO
Analysts: Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Will Marks - JMP Securities Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brett White, please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Welcome to CB Richard Ellis' third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a Press Release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is been webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available the presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. Presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance, and our business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable security laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of these forward-looking statements you may hear today. Please refer to our third quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K last night and our current Annual Report on form 10-K and current quarterly report on form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide to three. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer, and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I will now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. And please turn to slide four. We are pleased to once again report strong revenue and earnings growth in our business, as we continue to benefit from the ongoing recovery in the commercial real estate services industry. Our increased market share and continued discipline in managing our operating expenses. Our third quarter total revenue was $1.3 billion, a 24% increase over the third quarter of 2009. As was the case in the second quarter, our revenue increase was driven by sizable gains and our three largest lines of business. Investment sales revenue increased 63% around the globe. Leasing revenue rose 27% led by the Americas and outsourcing revenue grew 7% led by Asia Pacific and EMEA. The recovery and the commercial real estate services business is especially welcome given the continued mixed signals and uncertainty about the pace of the global economic recovery. Although, we have benefited from a recovery in our industry, our revenue growth has also been fueled by our ability to continue to grow market share. An example of this is U.S. investment property sales, where our U.S. market share grew to 17.9% in the third quarter, more than 400 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2009, and more than double our next largest competitor according to real capital analytics. While we grew revenue by 24%, our normalized EBITDA was $175.5 million in the third quarter of 2010. A 60% increase over the $109.9 million in the third quarter of 2009, this translated into a normalized EBITDA margin of 13.9% in the third quarter of 2010 versus 10.7% in the third quarter of 2009. This accelerated growth in normalized EBITDA results from a shift in our revenue for the transaction business and the operating leverage created, as we significantly reduced our expense structure during the industry downturn. We are pleased to be able to generate this EBITDA growth in the third quarter, when we restored certain salary, commission, and other reductions implemented during the downturn. Some of the more sizable transactions completing during or immediately following the quarter are listed on Slide five. As usual I will not go through them individually, but have included them to show some key business wins. And with that I will now turn the call over to Gil to go over the financial results. Gil?
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to Slide 6. Revenue was $1.3 billion for the third quarter of 2010, up 23.8% from last year, resulting from improvements in sales, leasing, outsourcing, and commercial mortgage brokerage activities. Reported EBITDA increased 73.1% in the third quarter of 2010 to $169.9 million from $98.1 million in the third quarter of 2009. Normalized EBITDA was up 59.7% to $175.5 million in the quarter, from $109.9 million in the third quarter of 2009, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 13.9% for the third quarter of 2010. Our cost of services as a percentage of revenue was down 120 basis points, to 58.1% in the third quarter of 2010 versus 59.3% in the third quarter last year. This improvement is particularly notable considering the full restoration of commission rates to pre-recession levels, in the current year quarter. The improvement also resulted from the increase in overall revenue and the higher mix of transaction revenue versus the prior year quarter along with the benefit of cost reductions. In the third quarter of 2010, operating expenses as a percent of total revenue declined by 340 basis points to 29.6% versus 33% in the third quarter of 2009. In absolute terms, the 10.9% year-over-year increase in operating expenses was driven by restoring salaries to pre-recession levels as discussed on prior calls and higher bonus compensation accruals, as a result of stronger financial performance. Third quarter 2010 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.18 versus $0.04 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.20 versus $0.08 in the third quarter of 2009. Third quarter 2010 earnings per share was held by a $4.3 million reduction in interest expense, stemming from debt pay down, but negatively impacted by approximately 33 million more diluted shares outstanding mainly as a result of our November 2009 equity offering. Our third quarter 2010 tax rate was 41.5%, primarily due to losses in certain jurisdictions that could not be benefited and our full year tax rate continues to approximate 36% to 38%. Please turn to Slide 7. Property and facilities management remained our largest service line in the third quarter of 2010 increasing 7% versus a year ago. It represented 34% of total revenue in the current year quarter, as compared to 40% in the third quarter of 2009. Leasing increased 27% in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2009. It came in a close second to outsourcing at 33% of total company revenue in Q3, 2010. Sales revenue increased 63% in third quarter of 2010 versus a year ago, reflecting the continuation of the strong trend we have seen throughout 2010. Investment sales increased to represent 16% of total company revenue in the third quarter of 2010 versus only 12% in the third quarter of 2009. Appraisal and valuation revenue was down 4% in third quarter of 2010, as compared to the third quarter of 2009, this was driven by EMEA, where investment sales activity grows while still robust slows slightly. Global investment management revenue increased 17% year-over-year. Development services revenue was up 7% and the commercial mortgage brokerage business posted an increase of 216% driven by loan sales and strong Government sponsored entity activity, as well as some improvement on the part of additional lenders. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue represented approximately 57% of total revenue for the third quarter of 2010. Please turn to slide 8. The outsourcing business continued a positive growth trend with revenue rising 7% in the third quarter of 2010. This is indicative of the steady growth we expect from this business. Business was strong again in the third quarter of 2010. We set a new CBRE record with 19 new accounts. We renewed eight contracts during the third quarter, and we also expanded our service offering for six existing outsourcing clients. Our performance this quarter also includes two notable trends that bode well for our future. One is the growth of international business, particularly in Asia Pacific, where outsourcing is in the infancy and also in EMEA with a pace of adoption is quickening. The second is increased penetration in the Government and healthcare sectors. Two vertical industries we have targeted for opportunity. Overall, our global portfolio of property and facilities under management totaled 2.5 billion square feet at the end of the third quarter an increase of 14% year-to-date. Slide 9 demonstrates the improving or expected improvement in vacancy rates and absorption into 2011. The slide depicts the average national cap rates and notwithstanding the related projections we continue to see cap rate contraction more specifically among high profile properties in large markets.
 : Please turn to Slide 10. The recovery of the U.S. investment sales market continued in the third quarter of 2010, as market wide sales more than doubled to $28.9 billion according to real capital analytics. Our CBRE America sales revenue for the third quarter increased 69% on a year-over-year basis. This was the strongest year-over-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2007. This strength is certainly evident in CBRE's institutional pipeline activity, which more than doubled when compared to trough levels but is still less than half the peak levels of 2007. Our Americas leasing revenue outpaced year-to-date growth in the third quarter of 2010 increasing by 36% as compared to the third quarter of 2009. Nationally the office vacancy rate decreased by 10 basis points to 16.6%. Net absorption in U.S. office product was positive for the second straight quarter. Please turn to Slide 11. Our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased by 42% in the third quarter of 2010 as compared to the third quarter of 2009. Total market investment sales turnover on a year-over-year basis increased 24% from the third quarter of 2009 to the third quarter of 2010. cap rates in the market continued to decrease against specifically for prime properties. CBRE's revenue from leasing and EMEA grew 11% in the third quarter of 2010 versus the third quarter of 2009. Sales and lease activity in EMEA was led by France and the United Kingdom. Please turn to Slide 12. CBRE sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased by 76% in the third quarter of 2010 versus the third quarter of 2009. The increase was reflective of the continuation of solid economic growth and surging capital inflows. CBRE's releasing in Asia Pacific grew by 12% in the third quarter versus the third quarter of 2009. Our first retail and industrial markets all showed signs of improvement. The strongest revenue growth came from Australia, India, Japan and Singapore. Please turn to Slide 13. Revenue for the development services segment was up 9% to $22 million in the third quarter of 2010, versus the third quarter of 2009 driven by higher development fees. Operating results for the third quarter of 2010 for this segment included normalized EBITDA of $10.7 million, and meaningful improvement over prior year that was driven by gains from asset sales. At September 30th, 2010 in process development totaled $4.9 billion up from $4.4 billion at June 30th, 2010, and $4.7 billion at yearend 2009. The pipeline at September 30th, 2010 totaled $1.1 billion up from $800 million at June 30th, 2010 and $900 million at yearend 2009. The combined total of $6 billion is up 15% from June 30th, 2010 and 7% from yearend 2009. At the end of the third quarter, equity current investment in development services business totaled $60 million. Please turn to slide 14. Global investment management revenue was up 51% to $49.5 million in the third quarter of 2010 from $32.9 million in the third quarter of 2009. $9 million of this increase was driven by rental revenue, associated with the consolidation of several properties due to a change in accounting regulations, effective January 1st, 2010. Fees for assets under management were up 12% in the third quarter of 2010, and acquisition fees increased to $4.8 million from $1.8 million, as a result of a notable increase in the pace of capital deployment. Assets under management totaled $35.7 billion at the end of third quarter of 2010, which was up 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 and 6% versus the second quarter of 2010. During the third quarter, we had $1.5 billion of acquisitions and portfolio takeovers and $600 million of dispositions globally. Currency fluctuations increased the portfolio about $1.1 billion. Year-to-date 2010, we have raised new capital of approximately $4 billion and have approximately $2.4 billion of capital to deploy at the end of the third quarter. Our current investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $94.1 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on Slide 15. In the third quarter of 2010, we wrote-down only $1.2 million of investments. In both the third quarter of 2010 and the third quarter of 2009, we did not realize any carried interest revenue. In the third quarter of 2010, we reversed a net $1.4 million of carried interest compensation expense accrual as compared to the $6 million we reversed in the third quarter of 2009. As of September 30th, 2010, the company maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $13 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. EBITDA was positively impacted by acquisition fees, as well as approximately $7 million associated with the previously mentioned accounting change. This business operated at a normalized EBITDA margin of 33% for the third quarter of 2010, and 20% year-to-date 2010. Please turn to Slide 16. Real capital analytics classified $192 billion of commercial real estate as distressed at the end of the third quarter of 2010. This includes properties that are troubled including those that are delinquent or in default in lender REO or in work out. The company's portfolio of distressed assets currently being marketed for sale in the U.S. is now approximately $7.5 billion. Year-to-date, 2010, we have sold $1.5 billion of such distressed assets in the U.S. The $7.5 billion appears to be consistent with the second quarter of 2010 but it is actually up slightly due to continued sales in the third quarter and a drop in asset values based on current appraisals. Please turn to Slide 17. The left side of Slide 17 shows our amortization and debt maturity scheduled for the period ended September 30th, 2010. The right side of this slide has been adjusted to reflect outstanding debt post closing of the $350 million, 2020 senior unsecured notes offering completed immediately following the end of the third quarter. As you can see, we continue to prepay debt and maturities have been significantly extended. In addition as you may recall, we previously announced that we intend to use approximately $500 million of cash on hand and $650 million of proceeds for proposed new secure term loans to retire the remaining existing term loans outstanding. Further, we are planning on putting a new $700 million revolver in place, to allow us more financial flexibility and remove the need to carry excess cash on the balance sheet that returns very little in today's interest rate environment. These activities are expected to close in the fourth quarter, and are therefore not depicted on this slide. Please turn to Slide 18. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at the end of the third quarter of 2010 was $1.16 billion. During the nine months ended September 30th, 2010 our net debt position decreased by $245 million or 17% including the 150 million of existing term loan we prepaid this quarter, were now seasonally strongest quarter still ahead for 2010. At September 30th, 2010 our weighted average interest rate was approximately 7%, which should come down in the fourth quarter of 2010 depending on our current refinancing efforts. Our leverage ratio on covenant basis now stands at 1.27 times at the end of the third quarter of 2010. Our total company recourse net debt to EBITDA stood at 1.85 times which is below our current target of two times. And with that I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to Slide 19. We are very pleased with our overall year-to-date performance. Our industry has benefited from a sharp recovery thus far in 2010, which frankly, we did not anticipate at the beginning of the year. This type of recovery is not unusual for our industry, as it initially comes out of a significant down cycle, and it is normally followed by periods of more moderate growth, as the continuing recovery is fueled by improving commercial real estate fundamentals. We are encouraged to see the investment sales market become more active, to see the lending improve and become more competitive, to see tenants enter into typical or even opportunistic leases and to see outsourcing clients think longer term, as they look to restore their businesses to order. We believe that revenue growth in sales and leasing should continue, but are of course mindful of that year-over-year comparisons will get tougher here in the fourth quarter. We also believe that the number of new contracts recently signed in our outsourcing business is an indicator of continued solid growth in that business. We believe that the addition of new clients and expansion of services with existing clients it is by the return to more normal activity volumes will drive a low double-digit growth rate in outsourcing overtime. As already mentioned in the third quarter we restored salary, commission, and other reductions implemented during the industry downturn. Despite doing so, we continue to generate year-over-year growth in our normalized EBITDA margins achieving close to 14% for the third quarter of 2010. Give given these trends and the fact that we are almost 10 months through 2010, we are now revising our full year earnings estimates to between $0.65 and $0.70 per diluted share. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Sloan Bohlen representing Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys. Wondering may be if you could just elaborate a little bit about the expense ramp or how we should think about going forward, either from EBITDA margin perspective or I guess a comp to revenue perspective?
Brett White: Sure. Let me take the first stab at that and then I will ask Gil to round out my comments. The first thing I would say, Sloan is that it was evidence through our numbers through the third quarter, I think, we have done a really remarkable job in maintaining expenses or keeping a good governor on expenses even though revenues are growing quite rapidly. Our margins for the quarter were significantly higher than our major competitors in the business. And we are frankly something we are quite proud of. As we go into later quarters of this recovery and then expansion cycle, we will continue to on board expenses and prudent fashion. We are bringing on an enormous amount of new business right now, but we don't see any great need to ramp up expenses for those new business wins. And I am sure that as the months and quarters ahead come through we will have opportunities to invest into good opportunities that present themselves. But again, I want to stress the point, we as you know we spend an ordinate amount of energy here maintaining industry leading margins we are going to continue to do that. Gil?
Gil Borok: Thanks, Brett. Hi, Sloan. What I would say is just following along and consistent with what Brett said, I would say that I wouldn't expect the OpEx as a percent of revenue to go up significantly more than in any of the quarter, it does ramp the little bit because of seasonality but I wouldn't expect a big jump. I would also caution that as you know we did start adding back some cost that we cut during the downturn mid year and we saw a bit of that impact in Q3, not too much and there will be a little more backend loaded in Q4. So that aspect as well to consider.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then Gil, with regard to those expenses that have been cut previously, is it still the idea that maybe just set of them or so coming back, and that's based over the next four or five quarters I guess?
Gil Borok: That's correct, yeah.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Switching gears to forward-looking acquisitions or capacity for acquisitions, just wondering about the decision to use cash to kind of rework the balance sheet in this quarter versus what other alternate to cash could have been?
Brett White: Well, I think, we are in a terrific position right now, Sloan which is we can do both. We believe we have more than enough capacity to pursue any acquisitions that may come our way for the next few quarters, few years. And we had the ability to do some pretty terrific things with out balance sheet and are continuing as you know to do some work there, but almost done. I think we will end up by the way with a remarkably clean and strong balance sheet and terrific capacity to pursue opportunities that come our way.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Just in terms of sizing the amount of [inaudible] as you rework the credit facility, how much do you think relative to the cash you had on balance sheet? What size of acquisition is there kind be type of bolt-on type of deals, or could you pursue something little bit larger?
Brett White: I can't imagine acquisition right now in the marketplace that we couldn't pursue with there.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, just maybe one other question on that same topic, where share repurchase may fall, within that list of opportunities?
Gil Borok: At the lower end. I believe, it is a long way, as we look at the market today, there are, to your earlier question, there are a number of opportunities in the market today that we find interesting, and we believe that putting capital to work on M&A is a great place to put it. We believe putting capital to work in co-investments in our principle business is a great place to put it. Share repurchase is always an attractive alternative particularly at the early stages of a recovery cycle. It is something we are thinking about all of the time. We will, as we prepare our budgets for 2011, it will certainly be one of the consideration that we spend some time on.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Will Marks representing JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thank you. Good morning, Brett, good morning Gil. I had a question, I guess starting with guidance and you touched on this a little bit. But the implied fourth quarter guidance is I believe $0.26 to $0.31, last year it was $0.28. Can you maybe discuss in more detail, with consensus numbers, revenue growth looks to be only 13% of EBITDA growth 15%? First three quarters, this year your EBITDA grew something like 60%. I know the comps tougher but it just seems like this is an extremely conservative range?
Brett White: Well, the comp is tougher, well, and we are getting into what I think is going to be more normalized environment for the firm. We have had some terrific quarters as we entered the recovery phase against some incredibly soft comps. And we are now getting into whether it's fourth quarter or first quarter of next year. We are getting into a period of time of the comps are going to get tougher. Guidance range, we have put out there, is something we are comfortable with. We have a history with guidance that probably speaks for itself. We of course worry as concern not giving guidance but we think its important to try and we are comfortable where we came out.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Is there anything we should think about in terms of whether it is development gains or anything outside the ordinary for the fourth quarter that we should model in?
Gil Borok: Will, it is Gil. You know, we don't normally comment specifically on specific lines of business. But let just say that the guidance that we gave we consider all of those.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Alright. One other unrelated question, you were just discussing acquisitions earlier. I'm curious on the deals you are looking at, is there much competition? I know this isn't like buying real estate where these days you may have 25 buyers competing for a property. Is it, you know, we know your other large competitor is looking at deals as well, are there sometimes just two competitors, sometimes no one else, maybe general pause should be appreciated?
Brett White: We, at least to date, we have never had a situation with a services firm acquisition. We weren't competing against anybody. We obviously would prefer not to. We generally tell firms out there that if they're interested in talking to us, it needs to be exclusive. We will not participant in an auction in the services business and to date we haven't some percent we won't. But the firms that the opportunities that we see out there in the services space, we believe we are in. We are in a position where if they decide to do something they will come to us first and try and make a deal and if they can't they will move on. I don't know if that's absolutely the case but that's our intent. That's the way it has worked so far. Outside of the services space, it is a different world, and outside of the services space, you see auction as the preferred route. So, what would be outside of the services space would be things such as real estate investment management, these sorts of things. So, there's a lot out there to look at. There's plenty of growth available through infield M&A for everybody. And you know, my suspicion is that there isn't going to be a lot of competition for this infield firms. At this point in our industry, I really believe that for all intents and purposes, you've got two firms out there who are driving this business and who will probably make the bulk of the infield and strategic acquisitions which we are one. We like that dynamic. Our competitors are terrific competitors and fortunately for us and maybe for them we really haven't competed much on M&A.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Great. Thank you very much, Brett.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Anthony Paolone representing JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you. Can you talk about how much of your leasing strength and growth has come by way of market share versus potentially pulling forward some demand versus say just improving market trends globally.
Brett White: Yes generally. So, first of all the market space for leasing globally has improved demonstrably over the past 12 months and I think that improvement, most benefits that the dominant firms in business. So, I believe that when all of the numbers are counter up at the end of the third quarter what you will find is that for those firms that have a major presence in leasing around the world that they all did fairly well. We note that our leasing business seems to be improving in all geographies, share. I would give you the same comment, that we have talked about the last year and a half, which is I believe that share generally is accreting to a couple of firms and diminishing among most others. And I think that trend which is been expand in the industry for quite some time will continue for quite some time. And we like that trend. In terms of kind of what’s going on within the leasing numbers, we noted that there's a marked increase in the number of transactions that are occurring. So, I would look at that as some of that as pull forward and some of that is companies who have discretion on moving, now taking opportunity to take advantage of relative to low ramp market. We are seeing, we are definitely seeing some of that. That be might answer your question.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: How much, like what's the risk of those comps to get pretty difficult if we move out 12 months and you don't have to pull forward as much as maybe you did in 2010, and economic growth is still pretty modest. What do you think happens to those comps?
Brett White: That's a good question. I think the risk to the numbers is GDP and job growth. I think that you know, I understand your point quite clearly and you are on a very important, a very valid point which is how much of this improvement of leasing was pent-up demand and how much of this is structural improvement based on market dynamics, I think it is little bit of both. If we are sitting here a year from now and there has been no material job growth globally, and economic activity is generally flat, these comps are going to get harder, materially harder. However, that is not our view. And if job growth continues to improve, even incrementally, that's okay as long as economic activity continues to improve and again even incrementally. That's okay, then the leasing numbers should continue to improve along with them. Remember that our forecast, that rental rates have likely bottomed and every major world market. And rental rates will now begin improving depending on which market and which product type you are looking at. Some time right now or over the next six to nine months, our improvement in leasing revenues reflects rental decreases. So, when you get even rent stability or rent increase that's a huge supporter to our leasing revenues. So, there's a lot of factors you have to think about in this, the way I think about it is, we are going to be enjoying increasing rents, generally over the next few years. We are going to be enjoying improved economic activity over the next few years and improving job growth and all of that should support quite descent growth in leasing revenues globally.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: That's really helpful with the description there. I want to switch to the transaction side, can you give us a sense as to what the incremental margins, EBITDA margins have been as, as sales transactions have ramped up in the last 6 to 12 months?
Brett White: I can't but maybe Gil can. I will answer it this way. And I think I always answer it this way, which is you are on the right point in terms of incremental margins, the on fixed costs, obviously being higher than the first dollars of revenue in that business. And sale and lease frankly aren't that different. What I would say to you is that those businesses on average including those incremental dollars that you are referring to will give us a margin somewhere in the 16% to 19%, 20% range depending on where we are in the cycle.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: The 16% to 19% being overall.
Brett White: Overall, for those service lines. So that takes the first dollars of sales and the last dollars of sales.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. Then just last question on the outsourcing business, I think in the third quarter of last year, you had the 2 billion square feet of space and I think that's up 25%, I guess to about 2.5 billion but your revenues are up I think 7% just wondering what the difference is there and whether or not there's some rate or fee compression that you have experienced there?
Gil Borok: I think there isn't a direct comparison between our revenues and square feet and management I wish that there was. With the square feet under management includes transactions in our sort of those global accounts. So, when we talk about square foot under management, it includes accounts where we maybe have contractual transaction management arrangements as well as facility management, management for land lords and project management. When we talk about the fees in that revenue pie chart in the earnings deck, it excludes transaction management because those revenues are included in sale and lease. And so that accounts for one difference. The other is just there's, as I have listed there's a large mix of four specific mixes of businesses within that square footage, and so you can have varying dynamics, but the biggest driver is going to be square footage under management where the revenues portion are not in that property management and facilities revenue number.
Brett White: And this is Brett. Just to that point, I think it is, you know, it is true, I think our reporting on this is less than perfect. It is very difficult to aggregate exactly right. The revenues that flow from these global clients and we think that tracking it by activity is a better deputation for the market than by client types. So, in other words, in that outsourcing space has Gil mentioned what had stripped out of there is virtually all of the transaction revenues which are frankly a big piece of as you would imagine of those accounts, frankly the highest margins piece of those accounts, those we put over by activity under lease and sales or evaluation et cetera. So that as Gil said that can I think distort the view of that business a little. But I would say generally speaking I would say we are quite pleased with the trajectory of our outsourcing business. It is growing very well right now. And we also are quite pleased with the perspective or the attitudes of our major global clients which is resoundingly positive. These folks and we listen in very carefully because they tell us in a very clear way what we should expect from the market in the coming years and what they're telling us is that they're much less concerned about economic activity or job growth this quarter or next quarter or for that matter even this year. There are lot more focus on what they think the prospects or business are for the next three, four, five years. And I would say that there's a very high percentage of our major global clients have a positive outlook over that mid and long-term. And it is that positive outlook that is driving their decisions to around a real estate. And that's what is driving frankly a lot of our revenue growth in leasing, sales and in the outsourcing space. I am sorry for the long answer but it is a complicated question.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Appreciate it. Thank you. That's all I have got.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell (Operator Instructions). Mr. Dobell your line is open.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Gil I wanted to go back to your cost comment first, any way to size out the magnitude of instate I know, talked about $100 million or $200 million of stuff you thought might pick its way back in the business depending on the trajectory of revenues, but is that the right way to think about the magnitude or are we talking something smaller or larger that range?
Gil Borok: Brandon, I want to be a little careful about what I say because some of that is of course discretionary. So you will respect that please, but I want to just stick with what we have said, which is, you know, 20% to 25% of the $600 million could come back on a run rate basis almost by design and about had that number comes back in 2010, there could be a little bit more but it will depend on performance, which fits into sort of the commentary we have made, our outlook.
Brett White: Brandon, just on that point, I want to underscore what Gil is saying. We are paying very close attention to the top line and letting that dictate for us what flows through OpEx, where we make discretionary investments around OpEx in the business, mindful of margins. And as Gil said, we are watching all of this very carefully. We like the trends that we are seeing, we like them very much the trends we are seeing in the market at the moment. And in the business, and that's giving us some flexibility to make some forward investments. But we watched that literally daily, and we have an ability which I think we have proven to you both to the down cycle and up cycle to keep a very, very good hand on the tiller as it comes to OpEx. We will continue to do that.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: On those lines, Brett if you were to compare maybe how much flexibility or discretion you give the producers, where the office manager producers out in the field, at this part in the cycle relative to where you were, 9 or 12 months ago or even compared to four or five years ago, how much flexibility they have to kind of make their decision what is spend when to spend or how much is run through your and Gils office from that point of view?
Brett White: Well, regardless of cycles, and regardless of where we are, up market or down market, we keep rigid control over expenses. And the way that works is our local markets and our business lines produce budgets. As you would expect and hope for. They're doing that right now for next year. And those budgets get worked over quite hard by us and there is a process where these budgets move back and forth between corporate and the field. That may happen, two, three, four times over the next few months, but we will end up with a budget for every single office we have around the world, every business client, and we demand strict adherence to those budgets. So, the flexibility that the business has around expenses, they exert during the budget process, but once that budget process is done, there really isn't any flexibility they have to increase spending. Now, in a year like this year, where we saw revenue growth frankly much stronger than we expected, we went back out to them and provided some flexibility around some initiative that we had tabled, that they had wanted to do this year and we do that a lot. We will get this year 20, 30 different growth initiatives from around the business around the business, around the world. We may approve a third of those, maybe half of those and we will table two-thirds or a half and we will then take a peak at the business in the first quarter, at the end of the second quarter, and if the business warrants further investment we will make it. But the way in which you pick margins up and the way which you position a firm to come through a downturn like we did is I believe is, you must keep very, very strong, very rigid controls over spending and in a market like we are in now it feels quite good. There's an enormous temptation to loosen up those reigns and that isn't going to happen.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Fair enough. In the context of your comments around the macro environment, two questions on development, what is the kind of, it is for medium term outlook or the ability to build the pipe line or projects and is there an appetite to take that business and make it bigger in, what I talk as a structural growth markets like Asia for example, and better served keeping that business primarily here in the U.S.?
Brett White: So, two questions, first on pipeline and second geography, the first question is, you know, it is, a lot of interesting things came from the last three or four years. One of them for me was watching how quickly our commercial development company was able to reduce expense structurally. That business reduced more expense as a percent of total than any business we have in the world. We did it more quickly than any business we had in the world. They maintained positive EBITDA profitability throughout the down cycle. Imagine that, a commercial development from throughout the down cycle and in fact they have been a material contributor to our EBITDA this year, all of the things I just told you, were lessons for me, and we are very surprising and very impressive actually in that business. It is a very, very well managed business. That business is superbly positioned at the moment to take advantage of an improving market. That business is very much a problematic business in the sense that it isn't a commercial development company that goes out and tie the plan and looks for lender and build to speck building and hopes for leasing to occur rather it is a very sophisticated business. It looks lot more like a fund management business there. They have institutional partners they have programs that they run with those partners, we have virtually nothing at risk. Into those programs other than a very small co-investment. It is a business also that is focused a lot of energy on development work that doesn't have any risk. So, this is build to suite work for large customers it is also Government work, it is educational related. So, housing at colleges or health centers this sort of thing. These folks have found really a terrific way to build a successful development firm that is sustainable in up markets and down and I think that they would tell you that their opportunities going forward looked quite good. In terms of expanding outside United States, they spent quite a bit of time and energy exploring those opportunities at the peak of the last cycle and even then they determine that probably wasn't right for us. That the risks to the business outside the states were just too high to warrant the investment. And I think that's smart. It is like the rest of our business, we go some pains to tell all of you folks about, that there are a lot of places we think we could invest money and make money. We managed 2.5 billion square feet of commercial buildings around the world. There's probably a lot of services done on those buildings, we can do janitorial, we can do elevators, we can do window cleaning, a lot of things we can do but we don't do them. Either because we think the risks are too high or there's business we don't understand. I think in development, what they are concluded is the opportunities are ripe enough in markets that they have been in for 30 or 40 years that they can achieve their growth targets without putting the business at risk. Frankly I like that.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Last question, within Capital Markets, I guess in the U.S. and EMEA the separate question, if you were to parse out the kind time transactions or stress assets, the kind middle of the road assets, how would the mix of business look now compared to six months ago, do you think it changes dramatically in the next 12 months or you just kind of correct this?
Brett White: It is a great question, and I would answer it this way. The market for the past year globally in the Capital Markets has been almost exclusively focus on core class A properties, which isn't all that surprising given the pain that fund managers and limited partners went through the past three years. What is clearly occurred is that while a lot of money has been raised for investment in commercial real estate, the current exceptional interest rate environment allows investors to find acceptable yield in the least risky investment, which are core assets, therefore the bulk of the buy sell activity is occurring in that segment of the marketplace. The distressed market and we have talked about this on earlier calls. While we have a terrific restructuring business and we are working for the FDIC and excited about the business in there, that's not really the distressed market that people think about. The distressed market people think about is $1.4 trillion of commercial mortgages that have a higher face value than the properties they're on. And distressed market people are interested in these is that group of assets, and it seems clear at the moment, that there isn't going to be a titanic flushing of those assets through the market like we saw in the early 1990s we have seen it. Rather the Government and things around the world are dealing with this issue be it Ireland, with their loan purchase program or the United States with the accounting rule that is been put through, the incentive to bank is to work out these issues or to hold them. And so that has been the rule of the day. And as long as that stays the rule of the day, you're not going to see a big distressed opportunity, but you will see recovery and expansion phase much sure. You will see invested capitol migrate away or it migrates into not away from but into higher risk opportunities and that will happen when limited partners are accepting higher risk in the asset class. It will happen when folks determine they can't place their money in court, there's not enough to go around. It will happen when interest rates move up a bit and they are between those rates and yields require folks to take a bit more risk. But at the moment, the activity is, is almost entirely focused right now on these core assets. That's true globally. It is true in Hong Kong, it is true in States, true in London. And this will be I think slow migration into higher risk, higher yield properties overtime.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Fair enough. Thanks for the comments
Operator: Gentlemen, there are no other participants queuing up.
Brett White: Great. Thanks for your time. We will talk again in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk -IR Brett White - CEO Gil Borok - CFO 
Analysts:  Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan  Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs & Co. Will Marks - JMP Securities David Ridley Lane - Bank of America Brandon Dobell - William Blair 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a remainder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead. 
Nick Kormeluk:  Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on our homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide there which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on our website later today.  Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations, financial performance and in particular, our business outlook. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statement we make here today.  Please refer to our second quarter earnings report filed on Form 8-K last night and our current annual report on Form 10-K and current quarterly report on 10-Q in particular. Any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements which are filed with the SEC, are available at the SEC website, www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide 3. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer; and Gil Borok, our Chief Financial Officer. I will now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White : Thank you, Nick and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 4. I would like to begin the call with some comments about our financial performance in the second quarter. We were pleased to report excellent results for the quarter with revenue, EBITDA and earnings all growing significantly over Q2 2009. All major service lines contributed to the strong results.  As compared to the second quarter of 2009, investment sales revenue increased more than 60%. Leasing revenue rose 29%, driven by longer term and larger square footage transactions. Outsourcing revenue grew 10% with strong activity in all geographies. Development services sold two high quality assets for a significant gain this quarter. Our 23% revenue growth coupled with strong expense management delivered total normalized EBITDA of $165.2 million in the quarter, 82% higher than the second quarter of 2009. This translated into a normalized EBIDTA margin at 14.1% in the second quarter of 2010 versus 9.5% in the second quarter of 2009.  The commercial real estate recovery continued to progress in the second quarter. The trajectory of this recovery however is difficult to determine as it is set against the backdrop of a muted and bumpy recovery of the broader economy, with wide geographic variability, from a very quick snap back in most of Asia Pacific to a moderate rebound in the US and to a rebound and stabilization in Europe. Our notable quarterly transactions are listed here on slide 5. I will not spend time going through them. We have included them to illustrate some our key business wins in the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Gil to go over our financial results. Gil.
Gil Borok :  Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide 6. Revenue was $1.2 billion for the second quarter of 2010, up 22.7% from last year, primarily as a result of improvement in sales, leasing and outsourcing activities. Reported EBIDTA more than doubled in the second quarter of 2010 to $161.6 million from $68.4 million in the second quarter of 2009. Normalized EBIDTA was up 81.7% to 165.2 million in the quarter from $90.9 million in the second quarter of 2009, significantly lifting normalized EBIDTA margins to 14.1%.  Our cost of services was down 140 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 57.9% in the second quarter of 2010 versus 59.3% in the second quarter last year. This resulted from the strong improvement in overall revenues and a higher mix of transaction revenue versus the prior quarter along with the benefit of cost reductions.  In the second quarter of 2010 operating expenses as a percent of total revenue declined by 270 basis points to 31.7% versus 34.4% in the second quarter of 2009. In absolute terms, the year-over-year increase in operating expenses was driven by higher bonus compensation accruals as a result of stronger financial performance.  Second quarter 2010 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.17 versus a loss of $0.02 last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.18 versus $0.04 in the second quarter of 2009. Second quarter 2010 earnings per share was impacted by approximately 50 million more diluted shares outstanding, many as a result during our November 2009 equity offerings. Our second quarter 2010 tax rate was 36.5% and our full year 2010 tax rate should approximate 36% to 38%.  Please turn to slide 7. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue represented approximately $0.60 of total revenue for their second quarter of 2010. Property and facilities management, which remained our largest service line in the second quarter increased 10% versus a year go. It accounted for 37% of total revenue in the current quarter as compared to 42% in the second quarter of 2009.  Leasings increased 29% in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2009. Sales revenue increased by 61% in the second quarter of 2010 versus a year ago providing confirmation that global investment sales markets are recovering.  Appraisal and valuation revenue grew 10% in the second quarter of 2010 as compared to second quarter of 2009. This was driven by an increase in our lender and special services business due to more workouts, restructuring and foreclosures. Global investment management revenue increased 23% year-over-year, development services revenue was down 13% and the commercial mortgage brokerage business posted an increase of 33% and the other sign that the capital markets are gradually improving for commercial real estate.  Please turn to slide 8. Outsourcing revenue grew 10% in the second quarter of 2010 as the business returned to a more consistent long term growth rate. During the second quarter, our global corporate services business set a CBRE record with 34 contracts signed. Also set a CBRE record with 17 new account sign, extended seven client relationships and signed 10 renewals.  In total for global corporate services and asset services, our square footage under management in the first half of 2010 has increased approximately 10% to a total of 2.4 billion square feet from 2.2 billion square feet at the end of 2009. This growth was fueled by continued strong expansion of the property management portfolio in China, increased property management assignments in the United Kingdom and new facilities management awards in Americas.  Although I won't spend too much on it, we have attached slide 9, which provides certain US transaction statistics, illustrating how the outlook is improving for vacancy and absorption in 2011 versus recent historical trends. Our estimate range of cap rates for the next 12 months show a continued possibility of modest contraction. We are continuing to see some cap rate contraction among high profile properties in large markets.  Please turn to slide 10. The steady recovery of the US investment sales market continued in the second quarter of 2010. The $20.7 billion of investment sales volume for the quarter was the most since the fourth quarter of 2008, and represents an 86% jump from the first level of the second quarter of 2009, according to real capital analytics. Our all America sales revenue for the second quarter increased 47% on a year-over-year basis. Our Americas leasing revenue increased by 37% in the second quarter of 2010 as compared to the second quarter of 2009. Nationally, the office vacancy rate increased again, but only by 10 basis points to 16.7% based on transactions through the end of the second quarter.  Although this is the eleventh consecutive quarterly increase, it is the smallest incremental change in two and a half years. Our net absorption remains close to zero, and is still slightly negative for the year. Vacancy appears to be close to a new peak.  Please turn to slide 11. Our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased significantly by 93% in the second quarter of 2010 as compared to the second quarter of 2009. Total investment turnover showed a healthy level of growth between the first and second quarters of 2010 increasing by 16%. The market appears to be regaining its appetite for large transactions, particularly in the United Kingdom and Germany.  In the United Kingdom we topped those rankings for both property disposals and acquisitions for the quarter. In the disposal category, our volume more than doubled than number two firm. CBRE's revenue from leasing and EMEA grew by 15% in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009 led by Paris, Frankfurt and London.  Please turn to slide 12. CBRE's sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased by 66% in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009. This improvement was indicative of positive economic growth across the region. CBRE's leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew by 18% in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009.  Rental rates continue to show signs of stabilizing region-wide with improvement seen in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Singapore, Seoul and Tokyo. Overall result today specific for the quarter reflect a shift in revenue mix as well as aggressive hiring in this region to support extensive growth.  Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the development services segment was down 11% to $19.7 million in the second quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009. Operating results for the second quarter of 2010 reflected normalized EBITDA of $28.4 million, a significant improvement over prior year that was driven by gains on the sale of two high quality properties in the Houston market. These contributed approximately $25 million worth of gains to the company in the second quarter of 2010.  In addition, there were no write-downs of cost containment expenses during the quarter. At June 30, 2010, in-process development totaled $4.4 billion, down 13% from year ago levels. The pipeline at June 30, 2010 totaled $800 million, down 47% from year-ago levels. The combined total of $5.2 billion is down 22% from year-ago levels. At the end of the second quarter, our equity current investment in the development services business totaled $57.4 million. Please turn to slide14. Global investment management revenue was up 44% to $46.9 million in the second quarter of 2010 from $32.6 million in the second quarter of 2009. This was driven by rental revenue associated with the consolidation of several properties due to a change in accounting regulations effective January 1, 2010.  Fees for assets under management were flat while acquisition fees increased as a result of an increase in capital deployment. Assets under management totaled $33.7 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2010, which was down 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 but up slightly versus the first quarter of 2010.  During the second quarter we made $1.6 billion worth of acquisition and portfolio takeovers and $300 million worth of dispositions globally. Currency fluctuations lowered the portfolio by $600 million. Our current investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $86.8 million.  Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. In the second quarter of 2010 there were no write-downs for cost containment expenses. In both the second quarter of 2010 and the second quarter of 2009, we did not realize any carried interest revenue. We reversed the net $500,000 of carried interest compensation expense in the second quarter of 2010 as compared to the $300,000 we reversed in the second quarter of 2009. As of June 30, 2010 the company maintained the cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $14 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue.  EBIDTA was positively impacted by acquisition fees, as well as approximately $7 million associated with the previously mentioned accounting change. Partially offsetting these amounts were bad debt provisions associated with asset management fees due from a [fund]. It should be noted that the accounting change has no bottom-line impact. This business operated at a normalized EBIDTA margin of 22% for the second quarter of 2010.  Please turn to slide 16. Real Capital Analytics classified a $183 billion of commercial real estate as the strength at the end of the second quarter of 2010. This includes properties that are troubled, including those that are delinquent or in default in lender REO or in workout. The company's portfolio of distressed assets currently being marketed for sale in the US is now approximately $7.5 billion. In addition, to the first half of 2010, we had sold $1.3 billion of such distressed assets. We have also been appointed receivable nearly 25 million square feet of property in the US. Please turn to slide 17. At June 30, 2010 we have only approximately $160 million of term debt amortizing or maturing through 2012. Although we repaid minimal amounts of debt during the second quarter, on July 1 we did repay $150 million of our Term B loans maturing on December 31, 2013. This will result in interest expense savings, not only on the prepaid debt, but also on all of the company's remaining Term B loans outstanding by 50 basis points. Please turn to slide 18. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter of 2010 was $1.3 billion. During the six months ended June 30, 2010, we paid down $56.8 million of debt, of which approximately $55 million is voluntary. This was backed at approximately $60 million for acquisitions, primarily the potion of Ikoma in Japan that we did not primarily own, that we did not previously owned and normal bonus payment. These payments were funded by cash flow from operations which included a tax free fund of approximately $85 million. At June 30, 2010, our weighted average interest rate was 7.1% similar to the first quarter of 2010 and the end of 2009.  Our leverage ratio or net debt to EBITDA as defined in credit agreements, at the end of the second quarter was 1.69 times, well under the maximum ratio permitted of 4.25 times. Our present 12-month interest coverage ratio was 5.51 times, well in excess of the required minimum of two times.  I will now turn the call back over to Brett
Brett White:  Thank you, Gil. And please turn to slide 19. As we have described in our fourth quarter 2009 and first quarter 2010 calls, during the early days of recovery in both the broader global economic environment and most specifically the commercial real estate business. As is typical for early stage recovery, the trajectory of improvement and the underlying dynamics supporting commercial real estate is uneven. Nonetheless, all of the significant measures we follow closely, rental rates, absorption and yield appear to be either bottoming or improving. We've discussed with you for years that our operating strategy of eliminating large amounts of operating expense during difficult times in this past downturn, $600 million, not only allows us to drive industry leading margins through the down cycle but also produces outsized results at the profit line during recovery.  Our results year-to-date across all financial measures, revenue, EBITDA and earnings once again prove our thesis. This recover cycle and the expansion cycle to come should provide solid footing for our base case EBITDA in earnings growth model. That being 10% to 15% EBITDA growth and high teens earning growth over the long term. While our second quarter and year-to-date performance far exceeds this model, future results will be tempered from the current extraordinary levels by a steady but careful on boarding of cost to support growth, as well as inevitably more difficult quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparison.  As we said last quarter, our bias at the moment is that we will achieve the high end of our EPS growth model this year, and in fact may exceed it materially. However, there exists enough uncertainty in the global economic environment, and enough evidence that some of the world's major economies are slowing, that we will reserve updating our full year forecast until the end of the third quarter. And with that operator we will now take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan : My first question is on the leasing front. Can you give us a little sense as to the activity levels you are seeing, how much of it is real expansion and real corporate activity, or leasing activity versus a CBG gaining market share, or even a little bit of borrowing from say future demand?
Brett White:  Sure Anthony, well on the leasing side a couple of dynamics to think about here. First is we're in the very early days of a recovery cycle and expansion cycle in leasing. Rental rates are still not only declining in some markets, flat in others and in a few markets beginning to appreciate. And so the pick up in leasing at the moment, is primarily new lease in revenues at the moment, is primarily longer term and greater square footage. And that is of course typical to the early stage recovery.  We're not seeing any benefit really from increased rental rates at this time. The pretty strong pick up we're seeing in the last few transactions, and we are seeing good pick up in velocity transactions. Its a combination of two things, pent up demand left over from the downturn, but also a slow return to a more, what I would describe as normal operating environment for our corporate customers. Those folks, who had been really in the bunker the last few years, are now dusting off their mid-term and long-term strategic plans, and beginning to think about their leased space in a more typical or normal fashion. And that leads them to enter the marketplace and begin to behave in a more normal way. And of course, that brings us more transactions. It also brings us greater square footage in longer term. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan :  Have you seen any noticeable slow down in any regions like thinking through Europe which is on all the folks minds?
Brett White:  No, we really haven't. I think its and the operative word is meaningful. Certainly, during the second quarter, there were in particular a few weeks where there was a very heightened level of concern regarding certain jurisdictions in Europe. We didn't see any material decline in our business activities across Europe. Certainly, it has slowed a bit, but again I think material or meaningful is the operative word. And our view at the moment is that the sovereign debt were user issues extant and continental Europe are not going to have a particularly meaningful impact on the business in Europe for us. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan :  On the outsourcing side, your revenues were up 10%, you had noted Asia and Europe being up pretty strong there and I can't remember the regional splits. Was the US down, or is it big enough that it was still up to get to the 10 overall?
Brett White:  All three jurisdictions were up.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan :  And then, on your expense ratios, if I look back over time, just eyeballing, it seems like in the second half of the year, your OpEx as a percentage of revenue tends to be lower than in the first half. Do you think that's something that will continue this year?
Brett White:  Anthony its still yes, I think that the seasonal patterns that we've generally experienced will be evident in the second half as well. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan :  And then, last question here. Your cash on hand, I know you spent a little bit after the quarter, paying down some debt. But, given that you are going in the second half of the year which is when you typically build a lot of cash, how do you think about using that or how do think about just your cash position.
Gil Borok: We have to think about cash in terms of what we have domestically versus what we have offshore as we've talked about before. The offshore cash not being as readily available to us add to the pay down on July 1. Our domestic cash is probably at about $370 million give or take going into the second half. And you're right we would anticipate building cash in the second half. So at this point and given where we are in the cycle given that there are uncertainties, it is prudent for us to have a cash balance on hand. We don't have any accordion type debt i.e., revolver to pay down. So to the extent we would pay down debt, we would lose permanent capacity. If you will, once you pay down term loan, that's a pay down and we don't have that capacity. And so given where we are, we just think it's prudent to build and keep the cash balance on hand and we'll evaluate it as the year goes on. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Sloan Bohlen from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs & Co.: First question is kind of under your outlook and just specifically the comment on, I think exceed materially that upper teen growth on the EPS. I wondered if you could talk to whether you believe that would be surprised more on the top-line or whether you think there could be lag of expenses or cost kind of ramping back up?
Brett White: Certainly year to date, the good news has been for us, the revenue line. I don't think we're ever much surprised by our expense line. We keep very tight controls over our expenses and we rarely have actual results and expenses varying much from our internal budgeting. So, it's all about the revenue side, and we like what we're seeing at the moment. And certainly if those trends are maintained full year then our bias as we said is going to be to have some pretty terrific results. However, I think it's only fair to say at this point in the year that there is enough uncertainty out in the general economic environment. But it's prudent to wait till the end of the third quarter to provide you with any material update to our thoughts about full year.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Okay. But will it be fair to say that the segments that could potentially surprise in the upside would be probably more of brokerage businesses being transaction activity, or leasing activity in the back end of the year?
Brett White:  It's fair to assume that at this point in the cycle the likely upside surprises are going to come from transactions, that's where the biggest market lift is, right now because we're coming off of such really miserable comparison from 2009 and 2008. Now that having been said, we've had some really pretty good news coming out of our other businesses as well. We like what we're seeing in our investment management space. We've raised close to $3 billion of capital this year, we deployed a similar amount. Those are good pieces of news for us. We're seeing our development business in the second quarter had some really terrific realizations. They added meaningfully to our results.  Our mortgage business is showing some good signs of recovery. So, we really are at that point Sloan in the cycle where we're seeing broad-based recovery. We could have upside surprise really in any business line but you're absolutely correct Sloan, absolute numbers in terms of surprise will likely come from the transaction businesses. '
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And then, kind of along the line to Tony's question and kind of fitting it with my previous question. As you look ahead, maybe outside of just earnings and outlook, over the next two or three years. If you were to pick a segment where you'd like to have more exposure? In the past, you've talked about doing larger type acquisition. How do you think about growing the business I guess outside of your organic growth?
Gil Borok:  First of all, we benefit from the fact that we are everywhere we need to be. We're in every business line that we want to be in and we're the global leader in virtually all of those geographies and business line. So, it's a huge benefit to us to not have to spend the money, discretionary capital to land our footprint and let me just start with that. Now that having been said, growth for us is going to come from a number of different areas. First and foremost you share growth, and we are seeing quite good share growth in a number of our areas. I think you and the other callers are well aware that in New York for example, we did eight of the top 10 leases in the first half of the year. We did 23 of the top 50, that's more than number two and three firm combined. We were named again the number one investment property dealer in the United States by Real Capital Analytics. In London, we again were named the number one firm in acquisition, disposition and leasing. So we are capturing meaningful amount of share, we are enjoying terrific lift organically from the market recovery, and we are also looking at areas to take advantage opportunistically where we are in the cycle. And those areas could include such items as acquisitions. And as we said on the last call, the marketplace for acquisitions at the moment is relatively thin, that having been said there are opportunities in the marketplace and we were watching them carefully.  We are taking advantage of cyclical business alliance such as our restructuring business line, which we have $7.5 billion of distress that we're working on there and that's a business line that is doing quite well at the moment, but it has a life and that will dwindle off over time. The outsourcing space as big as it is for us, it's very large for us with more than twice the size of our nearest competitor in terms of square footage managed. There is a lot of space there for us to grow and we are doing so.  So I think you will find that our growth is going to come from a variety of different areas, both organic and non-organic. The investment management space which I referenced earlier is an area that there is no better time than now for RLPs to grow investments in commercial real estate, and we are very, very active in that area. So we are very excited about where we stand in the cycle, and seen lots of areas for both organic and inorganic growth.
Operator:  Thank you and our next question is from the line of Will Marks from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  I wanted to ask I guess first on the development line. I'm a little confused you showed operating loss, but you recognized some gains, did those gains impact? Is there any extraordinary impact to the $0.18 of EPS that you would attribute to development?
Brett White:  Yes, well I think the best way to get you on to line development is because of the accounting rules. Sometimes when we have a sub you may recall, we haven't had those in a few quarter, but if you think back on a consolidated deal we have to sometimes break it out of discontinued operations. We also get gains through equity earnings, so when you look at the face of the press release, their income statements are a little tough to follow, I'd admit. That is all included in EBIDTA in the slide. And obviously, that did have a contribution we quoted a number of $25 million of gains associated with those sales. So, that should give you some insight into the impact on the quarter.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Would that be a pre-tax gain?
Brett White: That is pre-tax.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: So if you tax adjust that I think it ends up to be something like $0.04, does that sound in the ball park?
Brett White: That sounds in the ball park, yes.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: And then on I guess this was kind of covered but on acquisitions and how that ties into using your cash, seems like the balance sheet is pretty safe and I know maybe the preference is to pay it on debt a little bit more. But what specifically would you be looking for if you are number one in so many markets, and in so many business segments, is it expanding investment management or I mean, you mentioned there's not much available, but can you be a little more specific on what would add to the model?
Brett White:  Sure Will in the end just to remind everybody there are really two types of acquisitions that firms like us make. There is strategic acquisitions, where we've identified a gap in the platform or an area that we want to bolster and we go out and look for it, firms that can help us there, Trammell Crow and Insignia are examples of those types of acquisitions as you're well aware. The other type is opportunitistic, and these are opportunities that come to us and those types of opportunities tend to be infield firms that have for whatever reason decided that they are having a difficult time competing, and they want to roll up into one of the larger firms. And we see opportunities in the mid-term in both areas.  Strategically, we see opportunities in investment management. We see opportunities in some of the capital markets, spaces that we operate in. And we're watching those and paying close attention to what might be available out there. Opportunistically, I believe it's fair to say we are the buyer of choice in the industry. We have a great reputation as a firm that integrates firms well, have a high respect for the culture and the people that we integrate in. And so we're contacted really all the time by mid-size and smaller firms that are looking to roll up and we're taking stock of those and paying close attention to those.  Based on where we are in the cycle, there are actually fewer opportunities available today than there might be. As the cycle becomes more mature, the reasons of course is that the valuation against businesses today. We are very conservative on our valuation. And most firms today are not particularly interested in selling against the kind of valuation that are available in the marketplace. But we are watching all that and I would love to give you more specifics. In fact we're looking at these seven firms in these places, but obviously as a competitor issue. But I think it's fair to say that we have been by far the most acquisitive firm in the industry for decades. We intend to be so going forward. 
Will Marks - JMP Securities: One final question, on completely subject. On retaining employees, I know it's a challenge. There is a lot of companies out there that are trying to add people and how are you competing in this way. It's not on providing higher splits, I know that. Then I know you have a great brand reputation, but I'll let you answer the question.
Brett White: First, in terms of retaining employees, we really don't have a real issue with retaining our best people. The folks that, and I'm going to generalize horribly here, Will, but I need to. Generally, the folks that we lose or folks that probably are not hugely disappointing to us to lose; if they are in play, it's because they are dissatisfied with their business or things have changed for them and they would like to try and improve their life somewhere else. And in most cases, that's kind of okay with us and probably okay with them.  In the few cases where we'd lose people that we like quite a bit is because they're offered really incredible sums of money, non-economic terms to leave. And in those cases, we're not going to compete with that. If firms want to pay people that kind of money to walk across the street then they should do so and we're going to let those people make those moves. But generally speaking, Will, we use this analogy for so many years but these firms really are a lot like sports teams. Being the number one firm in the business that what people want to be. And to walk away from being with the number one firm to be, number two, or three, or four, or five, requires an inducement. And in most cases it's a pretty serious inducement.  So on the retention side, the best thing we can do to retain our people, and we've always done this, is to make sure we have a dominant firm in the business, that we have a platform that is compelling. We have a culture that is supportive and nurturing, and we think we have the most culture in the business. And certainly we've been ranked that way for a number of years. Look at the list you survey and others; a lot of reasons why staff at CBRE is happy to be here.  In a market like this, what you will find is that as we enter recovery, firms that have gaping holes in their platform or significant weaknesses in certain markets, need to and will spend whatever it takes to recruit people over to fill those gaps and you are seeing some of that right now.  But again, at our firm given the size of the business, a broker leaving here or a property manager leaving, it doesn't move the needle. Of course, we're sorry to see some of those people go, but it's okay. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Ridley Lane from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
David Ridley Lane - Bank of America:  I had a question on Americas leasing. We're still seeing pretty weak employment trends in the US. And just wondering as the market normalizes, what's kind of longer term growth rate for the Americas leasing business if we continue to see this sub par employment picture continue say into 2011?
Brett White:  It's actually a very good question David and it's something that we think a lot about. Every cycle both down and up is different. And this particular radical recovery phase, we're showing not into expansion phase yet. This recovery phase is anemic in terms of GDP and job growth which makes it a bit unusual. And I think it's a very good question to try and think about if job growth stays where it is, what impact that has on leasing.  Let me first say that our projections on the leasing business and leasing market, is that they will steadily improve as we move through the recovery phase and into expansion phase.  The long-term growth rate that I think would be fair to think about in terms of leasing revenues is something in the high single digits. Certainly if look over, the data that we track and the results that we have produced year in, year out for many years, you would, I think you would pretty quickly come to conclusion that in recovery phase, you're going to see some slight up and in the long term expansion phase, you are going to see revenue increases in leasing in that high single digit range. You're going to see some years you have outside gains. You probably won't see years where you have much less than that. 
David Ridley Lane - Bank of America:  Okay, that's very helpful. And then in thinking about this in your commentary, I think you said that not much change in rents. The rents aren't really helping yet. When would you expect again, assuming that we continue to have anemic job growth here in the US, when will you expect rents to start to increase and you get a little bit even faster velocity on the leasing side?
Brett White: I think the right way to think about this is, I going to give you a directional answer because like give you a quarter I maybe wrong. Directionally, it is correct to characterize the markets as bottoming. It is also accurate to say that most markets are seeing rents flat or nominally up. We believe that you will see positive rent changes in the relative near term in most markets, and I would characterize that as late this year early, mid next year. Now it maybe nominal, but nonetheless moving to a positive from a negative is a very important inflection point in recovery. And we are very close to there in most markets.  I think one of the structural dynamics to keep in mind here is, new construction is virtually absent in most markets around the world in most product types. And that has been a huge supporting dynamic behind the amount of decline in rental rates, and what we think will occur in appreciation of rental rates. But certainly, on the office side I would expect that you are going to see some rental increase fairly soon, and across a number of the markets. Rents take EMEA as an example, of the 55 markets we track in EMEA, right now rents that are stable or rising in 49 of those markets. So you really are at that point where we're in inflection point in most markets, and we should be getting some help from rental rate appreciation very soon. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our next question is from Brandon Dobell from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Couple quick ones for you. In the leasing business, and I guess primarily in the US, but also within EMEA, a little more color on what kinds of property types you're seeing particular strength or weakness? Or perhaps if there's any market difference between the tenant-rep side of the business and the owner side of the business?
Brett White: Sure, in terms of product type I think the best way to answer your question is where we are seeing strength, or I suppose recovery and that would certainly be in office retail. Industrial, we have a number of markets where industrial is suffering from some fairly significant vacancies and those markets are a bit more tight for the way from seeing rent appreciation. But certainly, the office property market as you would expect in early stage recovery is the services firms that were probably least hurt in the downturn. It's the services firms that are usually quickest to begin hiring again, and begin thinking about expansion again and that's primarily office. So I would say that's the area that we would look to primarily, geographically we are enjoying good recovery in almost every global market. It is fair to say that Asia certainly, came out of this first and the markets like Singapore, certain markets in China such as Hong Kong, London, Paris, these markets are doing quite well on the leasing side again with a focus on office. In terms of landlord and tenant, I think what your, correct me if I'm wrong what you are asking is the question regarding our revenues? Whether it's coming from landlord or tenant because its, I'm not sure I'm following the question?
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  I guess it was more about within your customers are you seeing more strength from your relationship with tenants or are you seeing, I guess that's probably more directionally where I was trying to go with it.
Brett White:  Sure, we do such a significant amount of business in the major marketplaces that we're enjoying good growth from both categories of clients. It has certainly been a tenants market, the past few years, and I would say that certainly in the last couple of years, what business has been out there on the occupier side has been occupier focused. And that's because you see inducements for tenants to come into empty buildings, disproportionate commissions paid to tenant rep brokers, and that is the case today. That will begin to even out as the markets normalize. The leasing markets generally, they are coming back to a more normal footing and we are seeing good strength both on the owner and occupier side. 
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Maybe a question I should refer for both of you, if you think about the relative attractiveness of the outsourcing facilities management business relative to the brokerage business I'm thinking about capital efficiency, revenue visibility, probably make some good arguments for both ways for why outsourcing is a good business. I guess I'm most focused on the amount of capital that you have to put in that business. And what the newer contracts or renewals are telling you about the margin opportunity as you look out the next couple years?
Brett White: Let me take half that question. I'm going to let Gil talk about capital deployed because it's not really a huge issue. But, in terms of desirability, I think that in this business if you want to be a global leader in commercial real estate services you need to have both legs of that stool in a very big way. You need to have a strong outsourcing capability because we really are getting to an environment where virtually every major corporation is looking at outsourcing in one form or another. So, if you're not in that business in a big way, you are just locked out of an ever greater percentage of the large corporate customers that are out there.  On the transaction side, you have to have a very, very strong capability in transactions in all the major markets because at the end of the day what both your corporate customers and your institutional owner customers must have from you is demonstrated expertise and complex difficult negotiations and transactions across product types, or having both is critically important.  The margin opportunities in those businesses are both very attractive. Now the way we account for those businesses, we tend to bolt most of the transaction revenues that we generate from our outsourcing business and our brokerage business lines. So, our reporting margins in outsourcing really don't reflect the true, I'd say holistic margins of those clients, because a lot of the juice of the margins comes from the transactions we do for those clients. And we put those revenues over in the brokerage space. I think it's fair to say that both businesses provide very attractive margins to us. And certainly, what we saw the last few years is that having a market leading outsourcing business is extremely helpful in down markets. We're seeing now that that business is a growth driver in good markets. But let me let Gil address the question on capital usage within the outsourcing business.
Gil Borok:  Sure, and Brandon if you look at CapEx in our financial statements, it might be a little bit deceiving in terms of the CapEx spent on the transaction business versus outsourcing for the simple reason that all of the capital expenditures which as you know in total are pretty light and not particularly meaningful, but we would show the capital expenditures on that line item. And then, in many cases in the outsourcing business, that's reimbursed to the revenue line. So, it decreases if you will on a net basis, the capital spent on the outsourcing business.  That said, I would say without a lot of quantitative analysis, it's probably not, it's certainly not more draining on our capital expenditures than the brokerage business, and we really only have two areas that we spend, which is lease-hold improvements in a meaningful way, lease hold improvements and information technology, IT.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  And then final question. In terms of head count on the brokerage side of the business, some sense of where you guys are now relative to where you were a year ago or even a couple of years ago, just trying to get a sense of how, especially if any color by geography will be very helpful as well. Thanks. 
Brett White:  Sure. Well, again, I really believe this is one of our competitive strength in the industry which is, we've enjoyed a compensation model in our brokerage business for decade. That provides us with the opportunity to weather down markets without any real need to reduce our head count in the brokerage space. As an example, our head count today in the US brokerage space is within a percentage point, not really a rounding of where it was in 2008. We have in one of the nice credit supporting dynamics to our businesses, right and this is something that we've shown for years. The capacity to grow revenues over this base of fee earners is almost limitless. Certainly there is a limit to it; we've never hit it. And so as we see the very strong organic growth which we expect to see during this recovery cycle, we don't have a need to onboard fee earners. Our brokers around the world, our fee earners around the world can take on that business and we'll do a very good job of it.  And I don't expect that our headcount in brokerage professionals globally is going to move much in the next few years. Now, if we do an acquisition of course that's different, but we are not really in the business of adding brokers to our platform. We are in business of improving the ones that we have, and we will move out lower performers and recruit higher performers in. But one of the really amazing statistics around this business is around our business is because of this compensation model we got for years. We can onboard significant revenues without increasing much headcount, or able to weather significant downturns without reducing broker headcount and we didn't really reduce any broker headcount the last few years.
Operator: Thank you, we do have a follow-up question from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Thanks. Gil, I was wondering if you could just help us a little bit on the equity income line item just because I know you had some gains in there that came through that line item. I guess if you strip that out what should that be on a normal basis just because it's a little bit of a mystery and tough to model.
Gil Borok:  Yes, you've got two things going on. On the one hand, this year you do have a gain going through, but that was in the range of about $12 million. On the other hand, last year you've got impairments in the number because you are looking at it on the face of the financial and that's a GAAP basis. So we had impairments last year running through that line. But I guess what I would say on a quarterly basis generally speaking, I would say without those types of extraneous events, and we always seem to have them I know, but on a run rate basis it's single digit moving into the positive.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful, and then just last question just more practically about the development business and where that gain came from. What do you think the next few quarters have in store for selling assets that you may have co-invested on the development side in, and/or, can you even give a sense as to maybe what that mark-to-market is on the $50 million some odd that you've got in equity in that business?
Gil Borok:  Sure, well in terms of the two sales what I would tell you is they were high quality assets, well leased in the Houston markets. So, kind of all of the things you think about at this point in a cycle, the attributes that you think about of an asset that would sell, these assets had. And so, they happen to hit within the same quarter. I would say that there is possibly more sales in the future, but nothing definitive. So I would say it is not indicative of the trend necessarily. And I would sort of leave it at that. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Do you think there are more danger, do you think the value of those positions that you have in the embedded gains are anywhere near kind of what you experienced in the second quarter? Because if I look at what that investment was last quarter I think it was $60 million some odd and it went down to $50 million some odd so I'm assuming that I think it was an $8 million change that that was your equity in these two properties that you sold and you booked a $25 million gain. It's a pretty substantial gain over seemingly what you had into it. Like, just wondering, like is that typical? 
Gil Borok:  One of those properties was consolidated and one of those was a co-investment. So to the extent the gain it was split pretty much evenly between the two, so to the extent that the gain came through for the consolidated property. That actually reflected in discontinued operations. To the extent it was related to the property where we co-invested, it came through equity earnings. But more generally speaking, I think this might answer the question, in terms of the co-investment that we have which is reflected in the slide deck, we don't anticipate seeing anymore significant write-downs. There maybe one here or there, but we don't expect any significant ones and that should be indicative in terms of where we think the values are relative to our portfolio. 
Operator:  And at this time, there are no further questions. Thank you; please continue with any closing remarks. 
Brett White:  Thank you operator and thanks everybody for participating on the call. We'll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator:  Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Nick Kormeluk – IR Brett White – CEO Gil Borok – CFO 
Analysts:  Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kevin Doherty -– Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs & Co. Will Marks – JMP Securities  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a question and answer session with the instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Welcome to CB Richard Ellis's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This press release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations and financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current annual report on Form 10-K and particular any discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which include references to “non-GAAP financial measures,” as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating with me today are Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer and Gil Borok our Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today for the question and answer session is Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer. I will now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White:  Thanks, Nick and please turn to slide 4. I want to begin our call today with some comments about our financial performance in the first quarter. I am very pleased to report that we achieved a meaningful increase in total company revenue and EBITDA over last year, and well ahead of our internal forecast. The performance improvement was visible across all regions we served, and most notably, in our largest lines of business sales, leasing and outsourcing. As compared to the first quarter of 2009, investment sales revenue grew over 15%, leasing performance rose over 20%, outsourcing achieved 6% revenue growth driven by our EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions. Appraisal and valuation, our fourth largest service line this quarter also achieved double-digit revenue growth versus Q1 in 2009. This 15% growth in aggregate revenue combined with continued vigilance around expenses pushed our normalized EBITDA to $87.5 million in Q1 2010, 62% higher than a year ago while our normalized EBITDA margin came in at 8.5% versus 6.1% in Q1 2009. This performance is indicative of the fact that we have entered the early stages of a commercial real estate recovery. We continue to improve our balance sheet during the first quarter. We repaid nearly $56 million of debt and extended the maturity on approximately $272 million debt through the additional loans exchanges. These actions and others completed over the past year and a half has put our firm in a position of significant strength as we move to more offensive [pastures]. Please turn to slide 5. Our position in the industry has never been stronger. As shown on the slide, as it relates to US investment sales, you will notice how much a distance there is between us and our competition. In addition, in 2009 we also took over the number one position in US non-bank loan origination. Similarly on slide 6, you will see that our 2009 global sales and lease transaction values were 83% higher than the next competitor. We have the clear leadership position in many of the world’s most important business centers. For example, we were responsible for 28 of the 50 largest leasing deals in Manhattan in 2009 according to [Cairns], New York. Our nearest competitor had 15. Earlier this week, the first quarter 2010 lead tables for London were published; CBRE had the highest market share for both leasing and investment sales. This market dominance, of course, cuts both ways. In a rapidly declining transaction environment, such as we experienced in 2008 and 2009, we must be more vigilant on costs than some other competitors to maintain our industry-leading margins. I am proud to report that we have succeeded in that goal. However, now that we are clearly entering the early days of recovery cycle, our disproportionate market share should drive disproportionate rev in company profits. Our notable quarterly transactions are listed here on slide 7. I will not spend time going through them, but we include them to illustrate key business wins. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Gill to go over our financial results. Gil?
Gil Borok:  Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide 8. Revenue was $1 billion for the first quarter of 2010, up 15.2% from last year primarily as a result of improvements in sales, leasing and outsourcing activities. Normalized EBITDA was up over 60% to $87.5 million in the first quarter of 2010, providing a normalized EBITDA margin of 8.5%. Our cost of services was down 220 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 60% in the first quarter of 2010 versus 62.2% in the first quarter last year, versus also from the improvement in overall revenue, a higher mix of transaction revenue versus the prior year quarter along with the benefit of cost reductions. In the first quarter of 2010, operating expenses as a percent of total revenue declined by a 140 basis points to 33% versus 34.4% in the first quarter of 2009. In absolute terms, operating expenses increased 10.6% in the first quarter of 2010, much less than the 15.2% increase in total revenue during the quarter. Excluding normalized items in both years, in the first quarter of 2009, operating expenses benefited significantly from lower net bonus and carried interest compensational accruals, recoveries of fees receivables accorded lease reserves for vacated facilities, and reduced legal and bad debt provisions. This was primarily evident in our Americas and the EMEA segments, and did not recur in the first quarter of 2010. Interest expense for the first quarter of 2010 was approximately $15 million greater than the first quarter of 2009. This was primarily due to the 11.625% bonds issued in June 2009 as well as higher average interest on our term debt as a result of the March 24, 2009 credit agreement amendment. In the first quarter of 2010, earnings per share was affected by a high tax rate resulting from a greater impact in the current period of losses sustained in jurisdictions where no tax benefit could be provided. The impact of such losses will lessen as the year progresses such that the company’s full year’s tax rate should approximate 38%. First quarter 2010 earnings per share was also impacted by approximately 50 millions more shares outstanding, many a result of our June and November 2009 equity offerings. Please turn to slide 9. Revenue from property and facilities management, fees for asset under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. This revenue represented approximately 61% of total revenue for the first quarter of 2010 versus 65% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2009. Parking and facilities management which was our largest service line in the first quarter 2010 increased 6% versus a year ago and accounted for 41% of total revenue in the current quarter as compared to 44% in the first quarter of 2009. Leasing increased 23% in the quarter versus the first quarter of 2009. Sales revenue increased by 51% in the first quarter 2010 versus a year ago providing a strong signal that global investment sales activity is recovering. Appraisal and valuation revenue grew 12% in the first quarter 2010 as compared to the first quarter 2009.This is driven by an increase in our lender and special services business resulting from more workouts, restructurings or closures in bankruptcies. Global investment management revenue was down 12% year-over-year, development and services revenue was down 16%, and the commercial mortgage brokerage business was relatively flat with slightly higher servicing fees being offset by slightly lower origination fees. Please turn to slide 10. The outsourcing business grew 6% in the first quarter of 2010. During the first quarter, we won 8 new accounts, we expanded five client relationships and we signed several news. Our square footage under management increased 5% to a total of 2.3 billions square feet at the end of 2010 versus 2.2 billion square feet at the end of 2009. Although I won’t run through all the details, we have attached slide 11 which provides certain US transaction market statistics illustrating just how challenging vacancy and absorption trends have been and are projected to be in 2010. That said, the estimated range of Cap rate for 2010 shows some possibility of contracting. We have continued to see some Cap rate contraption among high-profile properties in large markets. Please turn to slide 12. Investment sales activity continue to revive from the depressed levels of 2009. For the market as a whole, aggregate first quarter 2010 volume increased 49% from the first quarter of 2009 when market activity hit trough levels according to Real Capital Analytics or RCA. Compared with the fourth quarter of 2009, RCA reports that first quarter volume declined only 14% to $15.2 billion, which is encouraging given that Q1 is historically the weakest quarter and Q4 the strongest quarter for investment and sales.  CBRE continued to perform well in an evolving market once again achieving the number one position in US investment sales in the first quarter according to RCA’s preliminary broker rankings. Our own America sales revenue for the first quarter increased 51% on a year-over-year basis. Our Americas leasing revenue increased by 20% in the first quarter of 2010 as compared to the prior year reversing the trend from 2009. We achieved this revenue increase despite US office vacancy rates, which increased by 30 basis points in the first quarter 2010 to 16.6% from 16.3% at the end of 2009, and generally lower rental rates. Due to this continuing trend in vacancy and rental rates, and the fact that a portion of our leasing revenue is dependent on employment growth, which is sluggish, we believe performance may be choppy through the rest of 2010.  Please turn to slide 13. Our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased 16% in the first quarter of 2010 as compared to Q1 2009. This is a nice recovery from the 41% decline for the full year of 2009. CBRE’s revenue from leasing and EMEA grew 25% in the first quarter of 2010 versus Q1 2009. This growth was led by both London and Paris.  Please turn to slide 14. CBRE’s sales revenue in Asia Pacific jumped by a 123% in the first quarter of 2010 versus the prior year’s first quarter. This improvement was led by the return of some larger transactions in Australia and New Zealand. The company’s leasing revenue in Asia Pacific grew by 33% in the first quarter versus the prior year first quarter which was much improved over the full year 2009 contraction of 12%. Rental rates across China showed signs of improvement while other markets showed continued signs of stabilizing. The exception was Tokyo where land rules became more accommodating and reduced rental rates to attract and retain tenants.  Please turn to slide 15. Revenue for the development and services segment was down 12% to $18.3 million in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2009. Operating results for the first quarter of 2010 showed normalized EBITDA of $5.6 million and improvement over prior year that was driven by continued cost containment. The first quarter of 2010 normalized EBITDA margin was 30.6% as compared to 14.8% for the first quarter of 2009. At March 31st 2010, in process development totaled $4.7 billion down 13% from year-ago levels. The pipeline at March 31st 2010 totaled $900 million down 40% from year-ago levels. The combined total of $5.6 billion is down 19% form year-ago levels. At the end of the first quarter our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $65.4 million. Please turn to slide 16. Global investment management revenue was up 6% to $39.4 million in the first quarter of 2010 from $37.3 million in the first quarter of 2009. This was driven by rental revenue associated with the consolidation of several properties due to a change in accounting regulations effective January 1, 2010. Fees for assets under management decreased by $3.4 million due to downward pressure on certain asset management fee structures and a decline in assets under management. Assets under management totaled $33.3 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2010 which was down 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. And down 8% versus the first quarter of 2009 mainly due to lower property valuations and currency declines. Notwithstanding the above, during the first quarter we made $900 million of acquisitions and portfolio takeovers and $500 million of dispositions globally. Our co-investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $93.5 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 17. First quarter 2010 EBITDA was impacted by net non-cash write-down of $4.5 million mainly attributable to decreased property valuations, and $400,000 of cost containment expenses. In both the first quarter 2010 and the first quarter of 2009 we didn’t realize any carried interest revenue. We accrued a net $1.1 million of carried interest compensation expense as compared to the first quarter of 2009 when we reversed a net $3.1 million of carried interest compensation expense approvals. As of March 31st 2010 the company maintains a cumulative approval of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $15 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. In addition EBITDA was negatively impacted by bad debt provisions associated with asset management fees due from our fund. These items were partially offset by a benefit of approximately $5 million associated with the previously mentioned accounted change. It should be noted that those accounting change had no bottom-line impact, the business operated at a modest pro forma normalized EBITDA margin of 3% for the first quarter of 2010. Please turn to slide 18. Real Capital Analytics now classifies a $160 billion of commercial real estate as distressed. This includes properties that are troubled, including those that are delinquent or in default in lender RAO or in workout.  However more mortgages are starting to move in to re-structured flash/modified and resolved categories. The company’s portfolio of distressed assets being marketed for sale in the U.S. now exceeds $6 billion. In addition we have been appointed with (inaudible) with $21.5 million square feet of property in the U.S. Please turn to slide 19. During the first quarter we extended maturities on a net total of approximately $272 million of our term debt and revolver. At March 31st 2010 we have approximately $165 million of term debt amortizing or maturing through 2012. Please turn to slide20. Excluding our non-recourse real estate loans and mortgage brokerage warehouse facility, our total net debt at end of the first quarter 2010 was $1.4 billion similar to the end of 2009. During the first quarter we reduced cost gross debt by approximately $56 million and paid the majority of our bonuses. At March 31st 2010 our weighted average interest rate was 7.1% similar to the end of 2009. Our leverage ratio or net debt to EBITDA as the (inaudible) agreements at the end of the first quarter was 2.06 times well under the maximum ratio permitted of 4.25 times. Our trailing 12 month interest coverage ratio or EBITDA to interest expense as defined was 4.36 times well in excess of the required minimum of two times. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White:  Thanks Gill. And please turn to slide 21. Although circumstances can always change it certainly feels like a broader economy has stabilized. Employment is showing early signs of improvement and corporate earnings are getting stronger. And in many cases driven by revenue gains. Credit markets continue to slowly improve and property values have stabilized, even showing some signs of improvement for higher quality assets. Buyers are increasingly beginning to move forward with purchase decisions, sellers are feeling more confident about listing properties. And occupiers are getting more comfortable making longer term lease commitments. We would expect all these external factors to drive increased transaction volumes and revenue growth for our company. Our strong revenue results for the first quarter give us additional confidence so we are now in the early days of recovery in growth cycle. Although this recovery may include some bumps along the way. As we continue to keep a watchful eye on expenses as evidenced by our margins, we are now transitioning to our more traditional aggressive and offense oriented posture. Our firm is re-energized and highly focused on growth. Although market sentiment has greatly improved and business prospects are brightened. Global economic growth and credit market still face meaningful challenges. Despite recent value stabilization were certain property classes many properties have current values that are substantially lower, but when they were originally underwritten by the owner and their lenders. These properties face a possible funding shortfall as mortgages mature due to more stringent financial terms, lenders require today. We believe that more financial institutions may opt to take control of non-performing properties and we can expect to see more of these assets being brought to market for sale. These factors continue to have the potential to create a disrupted environment during the commercial real estate recovery. As we look forward to remainder of 2010, we expect that investment sales will continue to show strong year-over-year growth. Leasing should grow but it’s tied to (inaudible) recovery which may be a bit choppy. The outsourcing business will grow modestly showing improvements over 2009 quarterly results and revenue from asset based businesses will not experience significant growth for the coming year. Our results for the first quarter were meaningfully better than our internal estimates developed late last year. The increase in velocity and size (inaudible) these transactions globally. It showed unexpected strengthen their ability and I must say it is nice to finally be surprised by positive results rather than negative ones. The early results for April indicate a continuation of this trend and all these data points together allow us to maintain our view, that 2010 may very well mark to return traditional levels of growth for CB Richard Ellis. Operator we will now take question.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Anthony Paolone at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Thanks good morning. Gil you’d mentioned some of the accruals items that impacted the quarter, but can you step back may be bigger picture and talk about why gross margins over the course of the year which changed so much because looking back over the last several years there were some years where there was a big pick up over the course of the year and some years were there wasn’t. Given I would assume that brokers rates are pretty constant, just wondering why that changes.
Gil Borok:  Sure. Good morning. I think that lot it well most of it has to do a business mix and so you can’t have big shifts year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter from outsourcing revenues to transaction revenues and that will be the main driver. So outsourcing depending how far back you are going obviously pre Trammell Crow it was not nearly as bigger a total of as bigger portion of the total but post Trammell Crow you know its grown and in the down years of ‘08 and ‘09 it was a bigger portion of the total mix hence the cost of services portion although our P&L went up and we saw that reverse slightly in the first quarter as transaction revenues came back.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay so if I look it for instance last year I think there was over 600 basis points of gross margin expansion from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. Given what you did in the first quarter of 2010 and what you are saying could it be that dramatic this year or do you think it will go flatter.
Gil Borok:  The way I would answer that is traditionally you will see the seasonality come to from Q1 through Q4 so you’ll always see growth in or expansion in that margin over the course of the year. But as to whether it will be the same as last year more or less I can’t say at this point.
Brett White:  Anthony this is Brett. That really turns most on the performance in Europe. Europe traditionally is a zero profit or loss making business to at least the first quarter or sometimes even second quarter and even early third quarter, it’s the way the compensation programs work. Conversely when you get to the fourth quarter or late third quarter Europe’s margin become very, very high and that impacts your gross margin if you have flow to the P&L its all about that.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then second item, last quarter you had put a paragraph in the press release about just how you think the business could perform in a more normalized environment and I think we are all able to kind of back in to some numbers using that. And now it sounds like the business is beating you in your internal projections. I know you are not giving guidance but is that paragraph and the parameters you outlined last quarter at least still valid and may be things are little bit better than that perhaps.
Brett White: I think as the accurate way to look at it, its certainly still valid and if we had buyers it would be, we have a better chance of achieving those financial objectives and perhaps we thought we had at the beginning of the year, I want to keep in mind and I think certainly you know this as well. There is a reason that FED didn’t raise rates yesterday. And I think that uncertainty which is starting to cross to global geographies and economies right now is certainly something working on for others as well. In addition first quarter, its interesting and its great to have a strong first quarter but it really is relatively small numbers and these relative percentage beats the EBITDA and revenue are of a small base, it gets a lot more meaningful as we move in to the second and third quarter and certainly if we have beat to this or in the later quarters I think we can have a much deeper conversation about our full year view at the moment I would just say that it definitely supports that paragraph referencing from the fourth quarter release and probably gives us a positive buyer.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then just last item on (inaudible) I think you mentioned may be I missed this, the real estate pick up in 1Q on your balance sheet was that a change in accounting?
Brett White: Yeah and I didn’t actually comment on the balance sheet but you are exactly right that planning change has caused a gross up on the balance sheet both on the asset side and the liability side in those real estate lines.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.:
 : Are those assets can you may be put a little color around just how much you actually know or own versus just having to consolidate it, just any income those withdrawing offers that are development related.
Brett White: They are actually not development related they were in the investment management segment, it’s a handful of assets that we are now deemed to have control over. There is no ownership in those assets. And there is no bottom-line impact it has an impact on EBITDA but all of it reverses out in the line item on controlling interests, so at the pre-tax line there is no impact on them.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Brett White: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to the line of Kevin Doherty at Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Great thank you. I guess the follow up on some of the questions around just sort of the margin outlook, how are you thinking about the returns of the business as conditions improve form here. And really I am trying to get at, do you think that type of incremental margin that we saw on the quarter something that gives the sustainable going forward or do you see more pressures of some cost kind of creep back in the business?
Brett White: Well it’s a good question and its very difficult at this point in year to predict what incremental margins will be and how much margin pickup will have for the year certainly if we have continuing quarters like the first quarter you are going to see very nice pickups in margin through the year. Incremental margin, it all depends on how much revenue we are on boarding, and where it’s coming from. And in the first as Gil mentioned to Anthony we had very strong pick up in our transaction businesses and those come in off at good margins. And it feels, it feels to us that those businesses are performing quite well and we like the way they look at the moment I mentioned on the call that April is continuation of that trend. So this is a year where margins could see some nice attrition. But again its early days and its really hard to tell at this point what the summer fall and fourth quarter will bring us.
Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I wanted to see if you could just comment on any potential fall out from kind of the European tech prices unfolding there, what’s your exposure may be some of those countries that have been most hit. And are you really hearing anything from your combined say conditions are changing at all… clearly running Paris continue to perform well but just thinking about some of those smaller markets.
Brett White: Right we really have no meaningful operations in Greece, we are doing a affiliate Portugal is a good but very small business for us, Spain is a very good business for us and very nice one we’ve had for many, many years. At the moment no impact whatsoever on the business I think for us like for most Google firms operating in continental Europe the question really is this kind of (inaudible) and moved through out the European union and create better problems and the larger jurisdiction Germany, UK, France we don’t think it will however if we are wrong and you see big downturns and continental Europe large in the large countries we would feel that. But at the moment really no impact whatsoever on the business, all though we are all watching it with interest.
Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay that’s fair. And then just a last question could you talk may be about some progress you made on winding some of those distressed properties in [Munich] you got that $6 billion right now. What sort of interest are you seeing on those properties and have you had much of a driver from that business today?
Brett White: It’s a bit, its funny we’ve been in that space now for really two years and its just now we are beginning to see these properties beginning to move to the system. The overall dynamic in the marketplace on the purchase and sale of properties is, you’ve got a lo of capital that is been raised, the last two and half years, specifically for the purchase of distressed properties and while that’s happened very few distressed properties have moved through this system and therefore yields have come down a bit. Now property class and you’ve got this dilemma where I am (inaudible) folks would have like to buy, we like to buy it at very high yield, distressed kind of yields are going out of more, we are bit more traditional yields. And so there is an interesting dynamic out there in the marketplace right now. That having been said we are moving properties to this system in a distressed category I think that’s a dynamic that we’ll continue to pickup through the year if one more buyers come up with sideline and make the decision that this is probably the low end of the market and better to get in now then wait another year and have prices move up some more. In a lot of markets around the world we would tell you the prices have stabilized. They’ve likely to hit a bottom and either hang in around that number or beginning in some places like the UK to begin to move up quite smartly and I think that, that’s driving more buyers of the side lines who are saying okay this is probably that is what its going to get and a good time to get in to the marketplace. That is in fact in the sale of distressed properties.
Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay and do you think that’s a portfolio that could be enough to move the need or if more than activity picks up during the course of the year?
Brett White: Sure it will because again is that old analogy that you can fall off the bed but you can’t fall off the floor and investment property fells globally on the floor. So its interesting when you look at the investment property’s sale numbers that all of the public firms were reporting there are at 50, there are at 60 there are at 40%. Well that’s true but there are 40, 50, and 60% from really, a very, very small number. So the sale of the distressed properties are going to move that needle. Because again it doesn’t take a lot of business to bring that very low number up 20, 30, and 40% and yeah they will make a difference and we’ll see that, I expect to the P&L.
Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate thanks Brett.
Operator:  Thanks next we will go to the line of Sloan Bohlen of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Hi good morning. Thank you. Brett just for your comments on kind of shifting on the offensive a little bit, can you talk about may be kind of priorities for use of cash this year. Particularly what you guys have done in extending out some of the maturities and payments of your loans?
Brett White: Sure. Well certainly we have very discrete areas, we can push cash to use, we have our pro-investment and CapEx programs, we have debt repayment. We have M&A we have co-investments and those are the primary areas that we focus on for cash usage, this year we talked about our CapEx expectations in the $50 to $60 range co-investment we would like to get some money out there on the co-investment side and are certainly working hard to do that. But even with a good year in the asset based businesses that amount of money we can get out and co-investment isn’t huge, it’s probably not the same range or $50 to $60 million. That then leaves us with very few places to put that cash to use, there is M&A there is debt repayment. And I would say at the moment we are going through a lot of analysis in those two areas. This is, it is art to be a very good time to be in the M&A space and it is, that having been said there are very few firms that are going to put themselves up for sale at the type valuations that are out there at the moment, our industry buys these businesses typically on a trailing three year average there and trailing four year average EBITDA. We don’t buy in perspective EBITDA so businesses that are going to make themselves available these year are probably not the best businesses out there. But we are very interested in the M&A space, we spend a lot of time over there right now. And we are very interesting in taking a deliver. And I would say those are the areas you would expect to see us put this cash in to use.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Outside the pricing now do you have a sense for sizing of M&A deals that you potentially look to do?
Brett White: Sure if you know Sloan for our business model the bigger the better. And the most accretive deals we’ve ever done are the mega deals, the deal are currently at the most risk are the little deals were five or six or seven key people if they don’t integrate well walk out of the door and you have no value in what you purchase. So we in our M&A screen we look at all size of transactions we are keenly interested in the larger firms. But that’s a very, very tough proposition. It’s a multi-year process to identify court and ultimately bring one of those firms to the market or to the fold. If I had a choice that’s where we spend all of our M&A dollars but we don’t have that choice and because we don’t we have to be opportunistic. And we are opportunistic based on what comes to the market and at the moment which come as a market are generally very small businesses that have made the decisions, that its going to be very difficult for them to survive or compete, come up, coming out of this down cycle. And looking on board with larger platform and that’s what we are seeing most of the activity at the moment.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Okay. That’s helpful. And then just kind of on the other side of it as you look at the mix of your businesses. It looks like the operating expense in your development segments has dropped fairly materially in the last couple of quarters. Can you talk about that business going forward and how you view that in particularly there isn’t much in the way of going on out there right now?
Brett White:  Sure, well Sloan, all credit to our development business. There is no business in the firm that went after expense more aggressively than our Trammell Crow Company. They attacked expense as a percent of their total OpEx. They reduced significantly more than any other business line or any geography. They really carried that business down to a dial tone where they could get through the last few years remained EBITDA positive, and I congratulate them for that. And, they are now in a position where they can grow and they are excited about the opportunities that they believe that this marketplace will bring them. Certainly in the asset acquisition and disposition business, this is where people start to get really interesting about creating value at this point in the cycle, and they are interested.  That having been said, opportunities are very few and far between. Most of their activity at the moment is in development of what I would call zero risk transactions. These are builder suites for customers or on-site development or educational institutions, hospitals these sorts of facilities. We love that business. It’s basically cost plus business and it’s a good way to get the bills paid and create some value in a tough market, but now they are beginning, like the rest of the business, to get a more offensive and look at more investment opportunities out in the marketplace. I think they will likely find some.
Sloan Bohlen:  Okay. And then just one last question and this may be for Gil, I guess, but comparatively yesterday you basically said they were shifting some of the way they looked at cost structures and variable comps versus fixed in certain regions of the world, is that something you are seeing across the industry as something that you have looked at within?
Brett White:  It’s Brett. I have to chuckle Sloan at your comment for over a decade that very worthy competitors of ours used our commission structure as a real point of differentiation and frankly used it to criticize our firm and make a point of differentiation between the two firms that there are sales force was salary bonus ours was commission. We welcomed them to the commission business. The commission structure has always been the right structure for the transaction business. We have been a commission structure firm from day one, Sloan. So there is no need for this firm to be thinking about or discussing changes in compensation structure for our sales force.
Sloan Bohlen:  And do you think that does change the competitive dynamic at all?
Brett White:  I think it does change the competitive dynamic. I think that a commission structured sales force requires a different type of management. It’s something that’s learned over time and it’s something that is frankly harder, I believe, to do, than managing a purely salary bonused sales force. Competitively, it really now puts everybody on an even footing as it comes to compensation, it’s not difficult for any producer or for that matter any firm to quantify the compensation structures that the major competitors and Sloan, as I think you know all the manor competitors pay almost exactly the same commission split. Competitively, Sloan, people in this business don’t move for split, they are smarter than that. They move for platform and the platform that we have a platform that very worthy competitor has a terrific platform, and as I said for many years I think they are going to find that the highest quality talent is going to end up generally at those two firms, and I think that’s a great outcome.
Sloan Bohlen:  Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And next we will go to the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Thank you. Good morning, Brett and Gil. Just a follow-up actually to the last question about going to certain… changing comp structures in certain markets, maybe to what he was refereeing are there markets where the general comp structure is salary plus bonus, maybe a European market or Asia-Australia where you are looking to change the typical model could be that way?
Brett White:  Yes Will, it’s a great question and I think one of the big mistakes that some of our competitors have made in the past have been to impose a compensation structure or regime into a market or geography that uses a different compensation structure, and by the way we love it when competitors do that because it displaces the best people and we saw that happen in Australia and the Asia-Pacific region five, six, seven years ago where… and much of that region is on what looks like a commission structure and, when some other firms went to try salary-bonus there lots of people found that to be untenable and we picked out literally hundreds… 300 in Australia over that period of time, and I think… my opinion is Will then building these types of transaction oriented services business, the ideal structure, if you can do it, is to have an appropriate and competitive compensation structure for every local market you participate in. If you can do that and if those structures provide you with margins that you believe are acceptable, then you have a really powerful value proposition to focus on all these markets, and not only to them, but we can tell our clients when they are being serviced by teams in those markets, those teams are very solid and very happy with their lots and their business life. And we have been able to do. We have been residents in these markets for decades, in some cases for 40 and 50 years, and our compensation regimes and structures are different, market to market. But all of them, the one common denominator about all them is they produce exceptional margins, and when you look at our margins we had market leading margins well here for years and that is a result of the fact about dynamics, that tension making sure our compensation systems are appropriate and competitive in the local market for the same time produce exceptional margins and that balance is hard to come by, but we have found it.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Okay. Great and I appreciate that. Okay. Moving on, a few specific modeling questions? One, the notes table on real estate as by 200 million pretty significantly during the quarter, can you explain that?
Gil Borok:  Yes Will, it’s Gil. Good morning. The question was asked, it’s relating to the accounting change. So we had certain assets in investment management that under the new accounting rules came in to effect at the beginning of the year -- new consolidation accounting rules. We have to consolidate certain assets we didn’t have to under the old rules. There is no change in ownership but rather change in how a control is defined and so we consolidated those. It’s driving up the assets, the real estate assets and similarly driving up the liabilities. So that significantly was up.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Sorry, but I know that’s competitive. I was confused earlier. Okay. Second question is on the net debt was maintained in the first quarter which is pretty impressive given you are paying out bonus, unless you can quantify your bonuses and then actually tell me how you are able to maintain your net debt levels?
Brett White:  Well we don’t generally disclose the bonus numbers that we pay out. So I can’t give you a specific number, but what I can do – I think you are exactly right, that with net debt being maintained we obviously had a good quarter relative to cash flow and being a first quarter because that number is a significant number for us and so we maintained and by definition we did well.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  And you did said that pretty much all of your bonuses have been paid now, right?
Brett White:  Pretty much, the majority have been paid, yes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Okay. Let’s see for the mortgage brokerage it was up 1% during the quarter I typically modeled that consistent with investment sales and it seems to me you would be lagging or maybe something else was going on how -- it’s a small part of the business, but I am serious?
Gil Borok:  Yes, Will it’s in principal your historical modeling, I think, was spot on and that was the right way to think about that business. We are in a unusual environment right now where some of the buyers they are out there are not using traditional financing to acquire these properties and many buyers are taking the financing that is on the property and assuming that financing in fact those are the most attractive properties that are out there right now are properties that are leveled appropriately and have assumable financing on them. So the mortgage business had a fairly soft quarter. The housing investment property market stabilizes and we have seen a more traditional mix of buyers in the marketplace and we should expect that business to post more solid growth.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Thanks. The -- one more question and I will move on. The non-controlling interest item in the income statement which was 9.5 million, something like that, is that 9.6 million what’s -- how come you look at modeling that for the rest of the year, I know that’s tough question but any thoughts, last year was 61 million for the full year?
Brett White:  Yes, when you are looking it on the income statement, Will, there is -- that’s a GAAP number which would include the minority portion of any write-downs that we take and now we do expect the write-downs that we -- you can see in the first quarter they were not a significant number and that’s what we expect going forward that we might have some as we mark-to-market in a timely fashion each quarter. So, we can expect as little bit more potentially, but it won’t be a meaningful number, but unfortunately what that does is a disturbing trend that you might see. The only other color I think I can you on that line item is that most of that minority interest is associated with the development business where our minority is actually bigger than our stake and so as a result it will move with the business generally speaking and not withstanding the write-downs that we have been taking and which I will classify as one time. So it’s a sort of move with that business. There is a little bit of investment management and not withstanding those write-downs it will move with those asset based businesses.
Will Marks – JMP Securities:  Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And gentlemen, there are no further question in queue at this time.
Brett White:  Great. Well thank you operator, and thanks folks for calling in. We will talk to you at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for your using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk – SVP, IR Brett White – President & CEO Bob Sulentic – Group President & CFO Gil Borok – EVP, Global Chief Accounting Officer and CFO, Americas
Analysts: Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan Kevin Doherty – Bank of America Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Will Marks – JMP Securities Brandon Dobell – William Blair
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CB Richard Ellis fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Welcome to CB Richard Ellis' fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted to the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements regarding our future growth momentum, operations and financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular discussion of risk factors or forward-looking statements, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix of the presentation. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating today are Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Sulentic, our Group President and Chief Financial Officer. Along with us for the question-and-answer session are Gil Borok, our Chief Accounting Officer and CFO of the Americas; and Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer. I will now hand the call off to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. I’ll start my comments today with some highlights from the fourth quarter; and for that, please turn to slide four. First and most significantly, the company achieved a modest increase in total fourth quarter revenues compared to 2008. This is the first year-over-year increase we have experienced in seven quarters. In addition, adjusted net income came in almost flat in Q4 2009 compared to Q4 2008. As noted in our press release, Asia-Pacific led all other geographies in revenue growth by a significant percentage, posting a year-over-year revenue increase of 43% for the quarter. EMEA also posted solid growth with revenue increasing 8% in Q4 versus the prior year. Our outsourcing business continued to demonstrate strong fundamentals in the quarter as CBRE continued to capture a significant share of this work awarded in Q4. New client wins and expansions at existing relationships helped drive growth in square footage under management by approximately 300 million square feet in Q4 compared to Q4 of 2008. However, year-over-year comparisons show modest outsourcing revenue decline as customers continued to spend less on their real estate needs in 2009 compared to 2008. Recurring revenue comprised approximately 55% of total revenue in the fourth quarter as compared to approximately 57% in the fourth quarter of 2008. As you may recall, in the third quarter, we announced that we have met our goal of removing $600 million of annual run rate expenses and had targeted $535 million in realized savings for 2009. The amount of cost savings realized in 2009 versus our 2007 base year was considerably higher, coming in over $550 million. This allowed us to drive the strong EBITDA margins we were able to post once again this quarter. We continue to further strengthen our balance sheet to position the company for growth. In November, we raised an additional $300 million of capital through an at-the-market equity offering. We also recently launched a second round of loan modification offers, probably targeting early renewal of additional revolver capacity. Significant uncertainty remains in the market with regard to the ultimate unwinding and resolution of the very substantial amount of underwater commercial real estate mortgages coming due over the next few years. However, we are pleased to see the stabilization that began to occur in the business in the fourth quarter and the year-over-year growth we are seeing in various areas of our business. Perhaps most importantly, we believe that CBRE was able to exploit the downturn in the global markets by continuing to attract many of our competitors' people and clients to our market-leading platform. The resulting accretion of market share now captured by the company should pay handsome dividends in the coming years as the markets recover. Our notable quarterly transactions are listed here on slide five. I'll not spend time going through them, but we included them to illustrate some key business wins. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Bob Sulentic to go over our financial results. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide six. Revenue was $1.3 billion for the fourth quarter, up slightly from last year, resulting primarily from improvement in sales and leasing activity. Normalized EBITDA was $199 million, providing a normalized EBITDA margin of 15.3%. Our cost of services was down 130 basis points as a percentage of revenue to 55.6% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus 56.9% in the fourth quarter last year. This resulted from the slight improvement in overall revenues and a higher mix of sales and lease revenue versus the prior-year quarter, along with the benefits of cost reductions. In the fourth quarter of 2009, operating expenses declined 3.5% to $410.7 million versus $425.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. As Brett mentioned earlier, relative to our $600 million run rate cost savings target, we have executed actions for the full amount and we achieved over $550 million in 2009 savings. The majority of these savings were in operating expenses with some of them in cost of services. Please turn to slide seven. Revenues from property and facilities management, fees per assets under management, loan servicing fees, and leasing commissions from existing clients are all largely recurring. As Brett noted, these revenues represented approximately 55% of total for the fourth quarter of 2009, similar to 57% of total in the fourth quarter of 2008. Leasing was the largest service line in the fourth quarter and it increased 3% in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2008. This represents the first quarterly increase in leasing revenue since the first quarter of 2008. Our property and facilities management business accounted for 33% of total revenues in the fourth quarter of 2009 as compared to 35% in the fourth quarter of 2008. Sales revenue increased by 24% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus a year ago, which was its first year-over-year quarterly increase since the fourth quarter of 2007. The appraisal and valuation business revenue was slightly higher in the fourth quarter of 2009 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, also a trend reversal. Global investment management revenue was down 10% year-over-year, while development services revenue was down 15%. And the commercial mortgage brokerage business was down only 7% as the challenges in the credit market eased a bit and GSA lending remained strong. Please turn to slide eight. The trend in outsourcing revenue was similar to the full-year trend with a decline of 5% on a year-over-year basis. The primary reason for this trend remains low corporate spending. Despite this lower spending, we continued growing the number of clients and square footage we have under management. The number of new outsourcing contracts that included in the international component increased by 50% in the last two years. As shown on the slide, for the fourth quarter, we won seven new accounts, expanded six client relationships, and signed 11 renewals. Our square footage under management stood at 2.2 billion at the end of the year, representing an annual increase of 16% over year-end 2008. For the full year 2009, we secured 32 new outsourcing contracts and renewed or expanded 56 existing relationships, illustrating the continuing strong momentum that was evident in 2008. Although I won't run through all the details, we have attached slide nine, which provides certain U.S. market statistics illustrating just how challenging vacancy and absorption trends have been and are projected to be in 2010. The glimmer of hope on this slide is that the estimated range of cap rates for 2010 showed some possibly of contracting. We have already seen some cap rate contraction among the best properties in the strongest markets. Please turn to slide 10. Market-wide U.S. investment volumes for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $18.1 billion according to Real Capital Analytics, down 10% from the year-earlier quarter. For full year 2009, market-wide investment activity slumped 63% from 2008 to $52 billion and 87% from the 2007 peak. Fourth quarter 2009 investment activity did improve by 38% compared with third quarter 2009 volume. This is the second straight quarterly improvement following seven quarter-to-quarter declines, stretching back to the fourth quarter of 2007. Despite the year-over-year decrease in overall U.S. dollar investment volumes, our Americas sales revenue for the quarter increased 7% on a year-over-year basis. In our Americas leasing business, revenue declined only 2% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus prior year, much better than the full year 2009 decrease of 22%. Not surprisingly, U.S. office vacancy rates increased again by 20 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2009 to end the year at 16.3%. Although this was the ninth consecutive quarter of rising vacancy rates, the trend of severe increases, which characterized much of the past year-and-a-half, appears to be abating. Please turn to slide 11. Our investment sales revenue in EMEA increased 29% in the fourth quarter of 2009 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. This is in stark contrast to the 41% decline for the full year 2009. It was encouraging to see that the fourth quarter 2009 increase in investment activity was broad-based with notably stronger performance in France and the U.K. Recovery was also seen in Central and Eastern Europe which had previously been severely impacted. CBRE's revenue from leasing in EMEA grew 3% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus the fourth quarter of 2008. This compares favorably to a 25% leasing decline for the full year 2009. Most notable was the rebound in London where rental rates improved by 3.5%. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE's sales revenue in Asia-Pacific jumped by 88% in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus the prior-year fourth quarter. This dramatic improvement limited the full year 2009 revenue decline to only 14% versus 2008. This improvement was also broad-based with activity picking up across virtually all geographies, led by Australia and China. CBRE's leasing revenue in Asia-Pacific grew by 30% in the fourth quarter versus the prior-year fourth quarter, obviously much better than the full year 2009 contraction of 12%. Rental rates in Asia-Pacific saw signs of stabilizing and the countries with the strongest trends were China, Japan, and India. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the development services segment was down 17% to $24.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 versus the fourth quarter of 2008. Operating results for the fourth quarter of 2009 showed normalized EBITDA of $6.3 million after adding back $900,000 of cost containment expenses and $15 million of net write-downs of impaired assets. The fourth quarter 2009 normalized EBITDA margin was 25.7% as compared to 24.1% for the fourth quarter of 2008. At December 31st, 2009, in-process development totaled $4.7 billion, down 16% from year-ago levels. The pipeline at December 31st, 2009 totaled $900 million, down 64% from year-ago levels. The combined total of $5.6 billion is down 31% from year-ago levels. At the end of the fourth quarter, our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $64.7 million. Please turn to slide 14. Global investment management revenue was relatively flat for the quarter versus last year at $38.7 million. Asset management fees increased slightly to $33.4 million versus $32.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, while acquisition, disposition, and incentive fees decreased by $1.1 million. Assets under management totaled $34.7 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, which was almost flat compared to the third quarter of 2009, but down $3.8 billion versus year-end 2008. Our co-investments in this business at the end of the quarter totaled $102.2 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. Fourth quarter 2009 EBITDA was impacted by a non-cash write-down of $3.6 billion, attributable to decreased property valuations and $300,000 of cost containment expenses. In the fourth quarter of 2009, we did not realize any carried interest revenue and we reversed a net $200,000 of previously accrued carried interest compensation expense as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008 when we also did not realize any carried interest revenue, but reversed a net $25.8 million of carried interest compensation expense. As of December 31st, 2009, the company maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $14 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This business operated at a modest EBITDA margin of 4% and 6% for the fourth quarter of 2009 and full year 2009 respectively. Please turn to slide 16. Real Capital Analytics now classifies $176 billion of commercial real estate as distressed. This includes properties that are troubled, including those that are delinquent or in default, in lender OREO or in workout. The potential for considerably more properties to become distressed is very real in view of the substantial amount of commercial real estate debt that will be coming due over the next few years. Distressed assets continue to come to market at a slower pace than anticipated. Nevertheless, the company's portfolio of distressed assets being marketed for sale in the U.S. now exceeds $5 billion. We have been appointed receiver for more than 20 million square feet of property in the U.S. and 4 million square feet in the U.K. Please turn to slide 17. There has been no significant change in our debt amortization and maturity profile in the fourth quarter. However, our net debt has declined materially as a result of our $300 million ATM equity raise and cash from operations. As you will notice on the next slide, our cash balance at the end of the year reflects this additional capital. As Brett indicated earlier, we also recently launched a second round of loan modification discussions, primarily targeting early renewal and extension of our revolver. We will announce the results of this effort once complete. At year-end 2009, we have approximately $380 million in debt amortizing and/or maturing through 2012. Please turn to slide 18. Excluding our mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and non-recourse real estate loans, our total net debt at the end of the fourth quarter of 2009 is down to $1.4 billion. This is a reduction of $441 million from the third quarter of 2009, primarily driven by the $300 million ATM equity raise in November and cash flow from operations generated in the fourth quarter. Net debt Q4 2009 was reduced by $546 million or 28% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. At the end of 2009, our weighted average interest rate was 7%, the same as it was at the end of the third quarter. Although we will not speak to it direct – to it directly, slide 19 is included to show annual capitalization comparisons. On slide 20, we've illustrated our financial ratio covenant requirements. You can see that our leverage ratio, net debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit agreements, at the end of fourth quarter continued to improve with the equity raise and cash generation, and had plenty of room under the maximum ratio committed of 4.25 times. This leverage ratio at December 31st, 2009 of 2.23 times compared favorably to the December 31st, 2008 ratio of 3.28 times. Our trailing 12-month interest coverage ratio was 4.14 times, well in excess of the required minimum of 2 times. The total amount of covenant EBITDA add-backs related to the credit agreement to normalize EBITDA was approximately $75 million for the trailing 12-month period ended December 31, 2009. The amount of add-backs will continue to decrease as cost savings are realized in operations. I'll now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Bob. And please turn to slide 21. I – we would now like to provide some thoughts about expectations as we move into 2010. While macro market conditions continue to be difficult, we are seeing more signs that the environment is improving. Leasing markets, while far from robust, have seen some return of demand as the re-pricing of space has created opportunity. This is especially true in the major bellwether markets. For example, London saw a one-third increase in Q4 absorption versus the third quarter as requirements for space, which have been put on hold, were brought back to market. New York City saw a significant turnaround in sentiment at mid-year. Second half leasing averaged nearly 1.8 million square feet per month versus less than 1 million square feet on average during the first six months. However, we expect our leasing business to show some volatility in results through 2010. Consistent growth will resume only when employers begin rehiring on a sustained basis. There have also been hopeful indicators in the beleaguered credit markets, including the completion of three CMBS transactions; conservatively underwritten with modest yield premiums that were oversubscribed; two of these deals were done without government backing; an increase in lending activity from banks and life insurers as the yields on corporate bonds have compressed; and the reopening of the refinancing market, which remained largely closed earlier in 2009. In addition, the real estate investment property sales markets are showing increased activity and some value stabilization at the high end of the market. This trend is most clearly evident in the United Kingdom where prices corrected sharply. Property values there increased 10% over the last six months of the year, driven by 100 basis points of yield compression. Investment markets in Greater China and Australia also became notably active late in the year. Australia property saw a modest yield compression in Q4 for the first time in nearly two years. While U.S. investment sales remain historically depressed, activity has also recovered from the near-dormant state earlier in the year and cap rates have lowered for the best properties in the strongest markets. Global capital, foreign and domestic, is slowly coming off the sidelines. Outsourcings are continuing to show solid growth in fundaments, notably the number of accounts in the square footage we handle. This is particularly true in Asia-Pacific and EMEA. The outlook for global investment management and development services will continue to be challenged until the investment sales environment and property values improve. Among our geographies, we expect Asia-Pacific to continue leading us in terms of relative growth because of the health of their local economies. Lastly, we will continue to have a bias to supporting growth in the business versus pursuing additional rounds of cost reductions. We believe unique and perhaps once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to grow the share will present themselves as markets evolve from a crisis condition to one of recovery. In closing, I would like to comment specifically about our earnings outlook. For two years now, we have declined to provide guidance about our short-term earnings prospects and that remains the case today. However, as the global economy begins to emerge in this unprecedented financial crisis and returns to what appears to be the beginning of a more normal operating environment, we feel it is appropriate to remind you of our consistent and longstanding view of our operating leverage in a normal environment. Notwithstanding the years with unusual positive or negative influence upon revenues, we believe the company should be able to deliver annual revenue growth in the 6% to 8% range, annual EBITDA growth in the 10% to 14% range and annual EPS growth in the 15% to 20% range. While it is still far too early to describe 2010 as a normal operating environment, our initial expectation is that our performance in 2010 may be within these more typical ranges. With that, operator, we now like to take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will go to the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Thank you and good morning.
Brett White: Good morning.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Brett, just by way of giving some parameters around numbers for 2010 and some of your comments about the business, you seem just a little bit more bullish than maybe you were a couple of months ago at the Investor Day and I was wondering if you can give us a sense as to maybe more specifically, what has really changed in the last couple of months that you've seen.
Brett White: Sure, Anthony. And I think that's a fair characterization of our current read of the market. Last fall, we were experiencing some very, very early signs of bottoming in the commercial real estate markets. We were seeing that in Europe and particularly the U.K. and France, in certain cities in Asia. There seem to be signs of stabilization and in fact, some strength, but it was very, very early. Now, having completed the full year 2009, having had a chance to really watch the seasoning of two more quarters through the business, we can draw some, I think, more firm conclusions about where we are in this cycle. First, I would say that the global markets are, as they tend to be when in these cycles, they are moving towards recovery at vastly different paces. Those markets I just referenced that were showing some strength or strengthening in the early third quarter, I think, are on the capital markets and leasing side now is showing demonstrable strength. So we are seeing good positive signs out of France and U.K., many Asian markets and Australia as well. That having been said, the U.S. markets are still searching for bottom. That having been said, the pace of decline in the U.S. sales and leasing markets has improved sequentially each quarter through 2009 and that was really one of the things that was very important for us to watch was how Q3 and Q4 played out and what that sequential decline in sale and lease revenues would look like through the year. So having completed that year, we can now tell you that a sequential decline in revenues across both sales and lease in the U.S. has improved steadily and sequentially throughout the year. Nonetheless, those revenue lines are still declining, albeit at now very, very low rates. So it appears to us, and I think we feel relatively good about this, that the U.S. markets are very close to bottoming, notwithstanding another major shock to the system and we'll talk about that a bit later, what the potential of that might be. But notwithstanding another major shock, the U.S. markets seem to be quite close to bottom and poised for some, what I would imagine will be, very, very slow incremental recovery. Other markets globally seem to be well ahead, in some of cases, of the U.S. markets and that by the way is not surprising based on how they – those economies are faring and the way that – in particular the U.K. devalued real estate in 2008 and 2009. Anthony, one last comment on that is this recovery cycle, as we begin to inch our way into it, likely will play out quite differently than I think – than the traditional recovery cycles we are all used to, just as the down cycle did. There was nothing typical or usual about the way these markets came apart the last two-and-a-half years and I suspect that recovery will be a bit different than what we are used to as well and different in a sense, I think it will be more incremental and longer to take a firm hold globally than perhaps prior recovery cycles.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: You seem right. The way down was a little bit faster this time and you think the way back up may be a bit slower. Is that – am I reading that right?
Brett White: Well, yes. I think the way down was both faster and also more severe in scale. So we saw deeper declines on capital values, we saw very rapid declines in absorption and lease rates than might be typical. I think the recovery cycle is going to be a bit incremental for a while for two reasons. One, we don't have global economic recovery right now. The U.S., the world's largest economy is still losing jobs. So we simply can't say we are in recovery in the States or not and none of the data signs that we watch here in the States would imply that we are. So you've got the bellwether market, still in decline, albeit, a much slower rate of decline than it was previously. You have other markets, as I mentioned, that are now in, I think, what seems to be demonstrable recovery. So the recovery cycle, the firm will experience as a diversified global player, I think, in the initial stages is going to be incremental. It's going to be something much less than the hockey stick that I think many would like to see and I think that that hockey stick does exist out there for the business, but it's probably not in the near term. I think it's a ways out And of course the big elephant in the room Tony, as you know and all of our callers know is, there is a massive amount of commercial real estate mortgage debt in the marketplace that is going to come due over the next three or four years that as of today could not be refinanced. And until the resolution of that issue is apparent to the marketplace, forecasting strength of recovery and forecasting growth rates and so forth is a bit tricky. So as we think about 2010 and I think as you all think about 2010, it seems to me that we are looking at that large amount of commercial mortgage debt and assuming that there isn’t some short of massive unwinding or catastrophic problem that comes from that in 2010 – by the way, I think that's a good assumption. However, we all don't know how that's going to be resolved and some outcomes could be very positive for the firm and the industry, some could be less so.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you. I just have another item on – more related to the balance sheet and the $740 million roughly of cash. How does that – what do you do with that cash balance over, say, the next couple of quarters and also, in light of your comment of potentially seeing some opportunities out there to invest?
Brett White: Right. I'll let Bob take that.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Tony, the – first of all, we are – we have embarked on the process of another set of loan modifications and we are going to report to the market what the result of that is when it's completed. So the anticipation is I would use some cash. We also, as you know, have foreign cash in – as part of that balance that generally is not accessible for day-to-day activities here in the States. So we segregate that when we think about our use of cash. We also are going to, as you implied, be more on the offense this year than we have been in the past couple of years and we want to make sure that we are in a position where if we choose to invest, we will be able to invest. And that's – that would be in a number of arenas, in the co-investments, in our two principal businesses where we think there is going to be an awful lot of opportunity sometime over the next couple of years, and then of course in the – in-fill M&A activity that we may choose to do. We'll begin to look cautiously at those opportunities. Again, nothing like we were doing in '06 and '07, but certainly this should be a good time to invest over the next year or two. And we want to make sure we are in a position to do that.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: And on that M&A side, are other things that have emerged at this point or is this just you all anticipating how to think about things in the next few quarters or a year or whatever?
Brett White: Tony, it's Brett. I would say, a little bit of both. Certainly as the markets begin to get their footing and they are definitely getting their footing now, we are seeing opportunities begin to present themselves, early days, absolutely. But nonetheless, there are opportunities beginning to present themselves and we think that over the coming year, we may see some more interesting opportunities come to market. I mentioned in my comments, this is the type of down cycle we've experienced where truly once-in-a-lifetime opportunities may very well present themselves. And those can come from – as Bob said, those can come from a variety of areas. Certainly on the capital markets side of the business, you've seen a destruction of capital values that in my career is unprecedented and that has had a very, very significant impact on firms who are solely focused on those product types. Imagine being a firm who is in our business that only deals with the sale and purchase of investment properties, you saw your revenues decline by something like 90% from peak. So we are watching that space carefully. We are watching in the fund management world how that's playing out. As Bob said, we are looking at co-investment opportunities where some of our funds might have an opportunity to do some interesting things. I think it's just wise – I think Bob said it right. I think it's just wise at this point in the cycle where we seem to be bottoming and slowly emerging into recovery, to be sidelined with some cash and be ready should an opportunity present itself.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Kevin Doherty with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kevin Doherty – Bank of America: Great. Thank you. I guess I just wanted to follow up a bit more. I would appreciate the commentary you gave about this recovery certainly being different. But that said, I think there is certainly an expectation that strong leverage would come through, I think, given the aggressive cost cuts. So I just wanted to see kind of how much of that would be sort of factored into the outlook you gave.
Brett White: Yes, I think the way to – Kevin, to think about what we've said and what the market is telling to all of us is first of all, I hope I'm stating the obvious to say that our results for 2009 and the fourth quarter in particular demonstrate that even in a declining market, we can do some pretty terrific things with margins and the production of profit. And as we sit here today, as I said a few minutes ago, Kevin, I know everyone would like to hear us declare that the markets are now in recovery and that leverage from cost reduction is going to flow through to very strong profits. The fact of the matter is we are not in recovery yet. We are in some markets; as I mentioned, in the U.K. and France and some markets in Asia and Australia. Those markets seem to be in recovery, but the biggest market in the world is not. And so – and we are there right now, we are sitting here in February and we are in a situation where the U.S. commercial real estate markets are coming off of a fourth quarter where they declined again. So as you think about 2010 and we talk about earnings growth and we talk about EBITDA growth, that is despite the fact that we are still in a declining market in the States through the fourth quarter. We are telling you that we believe that what we know that the rate decline has improved sequentially each quarter in 2009 and we believe we are right there, that we are close to, if not at, the bottoming of the U.S. commercial real estate market. Now, had that occurred in June of 2009, we would have a much different view about 2010, but it didn’t and it hasn't yet. So our expectations around 2010 are that on the back of unprecedented cost cutting by the firm and the fact that we are able to not only hold on to all of our key people and clients, but in fact on board key people and clients from our competitors, we are able to produce positive leverage at the EBITDA and earnings per share line. But make no mistake about it. We are not at the moment forecasting or talking about an environment in 2010 that will feel to you and I, we don't believe as a typical recovering market where you would see a real flip, strong improvements in sale and lease transaction velocities and revenues. If that does appear in 2010 and it certainly could, you'll all be the first to know. But as we sit here right now, we feel that 2010 is going to be a better year, but still a tough year. And as I also said, I think that the – what you are looking for and what you are alluding to, which is the hockey stick from leverage of cost reductions and good on-boarding revenue, I think is still a bit away. Remember that, and you've heard this on another public call yesterday, as you move from crisis back to what feels to us to be a bit more normal environment, you are going to see some pressure on margins and profits as people actually begin earnings and compensation again. So bonuses, some amount will be paid likely in 2010. You'll see some salary restoration and those things while not huge in scale, will also inhibit some of that hockey stick you might expect to see with 6%, 7% to 8% revenue growth. But again, I think the comment I want to make here very clearly is we are not in a strong recovery here in the States. We are in a declining marketplace that feels to us that has now bumped bottom and we are optimistic that it will begin to improve in 2010.
Kevin Doherty – Bank of America: Okay, that's – that's fair, I appreciate that color. And maybe just following up on that, could you help us understand how you are thinking about, I guess, the seasonality of the business as we move through the year and maybe how volatile the course would be around the revenue changes and even the margins as we move through this period?
Brett White: Sure. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Yes, I think Kevin, the best way to think about what might happen in that regard next year is that in the absence of this hockey-stick effect and some very, very strong tick-up in activity, particularly in the United States that we are not anticipating – but in the absence of that, you would expect next year or this year to play out – 2010 to play out in terms of seasonality much as 2009 did.
Kevin Doherty – Bank of America: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, I know last quarter you talked about revenue per transaction trends in the leasing business had started to flatten out. Maybe if you can just give an update there and also talk about that metric in the investment sales side as well?
Brett White: Sure. I'll give you some numbers. This is for U.S. transactions, so make sure you've got the box right. U.S.-only sale and lease transactions, if you look at the year-over-year – and I'll give you quarters, year-over-year revenue changes for sales in the U.S.; Q1 was down 71%, Q2 was down 61%, Q3 was down 54%, and Q4 was down 10%. So what you see there is a sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter. Leasing side, going again Q1 through Q4, you've got down 30%, down 27%, down 24%, and then down 4%. So again, this is sequential improvement, but declines nonetheless. And I think that's the – that' what I was referring to a bit earlier when I said it's still in the decline phase, but looking better and better.
Kevin Doherty – Bank of America: Okay. And then any meaningful change in just sort of the size of the individual transactions?
Brett White: I would say that generally – and it's a little harder to get to in our data. I'd say generally what you typically see in this – in what I would describe as a very, very early-stage recovery in the States, would be the leasing transactions are – as the velocity picks up, they are usually a bit smaller transactions, the sale side certainly – because values have come down so far, you are talking about smaller transactions definitionally across the sale business and that's been true, as you know, for the past couple of years. As – now, how does that play out prospectively as – let's assume that our thesis for 2010 is correct and that soon we see job losses seize in the States and we begin to see job gains. You would then – you get the same nice multiplier effect on the upside as you had in the downside, you'll start to see longer-term leases for more space and that's very beneficial to the business, but that won't come until we see – I believe, until we see and as Bob mentioned in this comments, meaningful job growth return to the marketplace and we are of course not there yet. You are there in other markets around the world and that's why we are seeing better leasing pickup in those markets.
Kevin Doherty – Bank of America: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Brett White: Yes.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, guys.
Brett White: Hey, Sloan.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Brett, you kind of just talked a little bit about the leasing environment in Europe relative to United States. Just for the sales market, maybe if you could talk a little bit about the differences and why maybe we saw a pickup in London particularly and is it more a matter of better absorption of space over there or is it a matter of how loans are being modified here in the United States and just why do you think it's slower here?
Brett White: Well, we – it's a great question and it's an interesting dynamic to watch. This cycle has taught all of us a lot of lessons. I think one of the observations I'd make about how the down cycle work on the capital markets is that in the U.K., there is a much more stringent, and you can perhaps replace that word with severe, mark-to-market process for commercial real estate values. And so you may recall that during the down cycle, out of the U.K., we were getting – we were all getting monthly marks on commercial property values that were significantly deeper than what you were hearing from the States. So you listen to (inaudible) or whoever you want to listen to and they were talking about 13%, 15%, 17%, 20% value decline, and those in the U.K. and they are talking about 40s. And what happened there was you had a very – I think a very open, free system where the marks were taken rapidly and deeply. And it allowed the market to recover much more quickly because bottom was found, the market I think felt and appeared to be a bit more transparent and that's what these markets – of course, as you know, what these markets need is an agreement between the bid and the ask of what fair value is. And that I think was discovered more quickly in the U.K. than it has been able to be discovered here. U.K. also benefits from being really the international market of choice for property investors and so I believe very strongly that many, many, many well-heeled – personal – individual investors and funds saw the U.K. market devalued at 40%, 50%, 55% and viewed that to be an overcorrection and jumped in and jumped in quick. And there were properties to buy in the U.K. In the States, we have really the opposite situation. We have a market that is a bit more difficult to determine fair value. You have a market where due to the nature of ownership, the only people who are selling into this marketplace are individuals who have to sell and very few are doing that. So even if you have – and many funds right now in the States have an enormous amount of sidelined equity capital available for the purchase of commercial real estate, they can't find the assets to buy. We've got a clogged system at the moment; we've got a system where for a lot of reasons properties that four years ago would have been viewed as non-performing are chugging along through the system with the same lender and borrower in place. And that's – there is no velocity in the system and that's this big issue I referenced earlier, which is at some point, these – the market is going to improve where those properties are – have loans that are at a lesser face value than the value of the property or there is going to be some event that will occur, we'll start moving those properties through the system. As we said here today, it's more – a bit of a limbo environment in that regard.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. I appreciate the color. And maybe just turning to the balance sheet, maybe a question for Bob. You talked a little bit about being a little bit more offensive on the acquisition front this year. Could you talk about how you reconcile that with maybe your long-term plans for de-levering and obviously a lot of the pressure is off in the near term, but maybe just how you think about the business or the balance sheet long term?
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have de-levered by over $0.5 billion in the past year and we've said before that our long-term view is that we ought to be levered about 2-to-1 or our leverage ratio should be about 2 times. It's higher than that now. We want to bring that down and our preferred way to do that would be through cash flow from operations. We expect – obviously, if you look at the comments at the end of our release, we expect things to begin to improve and our ability to generate cash to improve. So that would be our favored way to deal with the whole issue of liquidity. At the same time, we want to have enough cash on our balance sheet and we want to have enough borrowing capacity over time to do sizable things if those opportunities come into play. And so even if we did, getting down to an ideal leverage ratio or what we've characterized as ideal, we would be willing to lever up at the right time in the cycle to do the right deal, to grow the company and increase the shareholder value in the company. And that's really the view we have of this thing.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just one last one if I can. Brett, you talked a little bit more about the corporate costs – or corporate cost cutting, kind of cutting into the revenues with the property and facilities management business. Can you maybe kind of give us a reference point at how far along we are in that process and maybe just help split out how that impact is kind of offsetting the growth that you have in that business?
Brett White: Sure. What we are referring to, which is an interesting dynamic in the outsourcing – particularly the corporate outsourcing space right now, is if you – I know you did, if you listened to the numbers, we on-boarded – Bob, I think it was close to 300 million square feet of outsourcing square footage in 2009 full year, which was an enormous amount of space and I believe probably twice as much as any other firm in the business brought on last year. And that's great news because that's the foundation for years and years of growth that we will enjoy in revenues for the firm. The bad news is that our corporate customers, just like our sales and probably many of the firms on this phone call, are extremely frugal with spending right now and where that hurts us the most is in two areas. The project management work that we do for our corporate customers is a good business for us and our corporate customers are not doing a lot of work on new space at the moment. So that project management work is at a fairly historical low. Related to that is – of course the transaction work we do for our corporate customers. And again, as directly related to the project management ebbing, we are not seeing a lot of aggressive space acquisition at the moment or for the past year from our corporate customers. So here is how I think about. That's all okay, it's – gosh, I wish they were all doing those things, but that's not really the main event to me or to us. The main event to us is this is that this market-leading – and we are by far, the market leader in the outsourcing space, this market-leading platform is on-boarding clients at a rapid pace and that is setting a foundation of long-term recurring revenues and when the market does recover, we are going to see some pretty terrific stuff come through that business from the project management work and the transaction work that always flows through these corporate customers. So if one thing I really want to do in a market like this, it would be to on-board these new mandates and to expand these client relationships, which we have done – as you know, we had some really remarkable client expansions in 2009, certainly highlighted by Bank of America and all the international work we picked up from them, and we are poised and ready for those clients to reenter the market. And as you've heard on other calls recently, there are now signs that those corporate customers are absolutely dusting off those more long-term strategic plans and beginning to think and talk and in fact, in some cases, execute plans to take more space and do some exciting things. But we are in the early stages of that and the pressure on revenue as we referenced is why it is discussed.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you, guys.
Brett White: Sure.
Operator: We will go to the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Hi. Good morning, Brett, Bob, and Nick. I had a – I wanted to ask you first just back to the guidance. Is it possible that you would have the 6% to 8% revenue growth, but in the very high margin businesses that we are hearing are going to improve at least somewhat versus 2009, certainly sales, maybe leasing less – so is it possible that (inaudible) comes from those areas and therefore those drive more than the 15% to 20% EPS?
Brett White: It's – well, Bob, I'll let you take a stab at that.
Bob Sulentic: I mean, it – it's possible, Will. I mean, of course it's possible. You – there are things in the marketplace that are going to unfold in ways that we simply can't predict here today. I mean, for instance, we might return to a – incredibly quickly to an environment where we could buy and split properties in our principal business and you would get outcomes that aren’t reflected in here. We don't think that's going to happen. We talked quite a bit here today about job growth in the U.S. and the fact – and we and others have talked over the recent history about the fact that the distressed opportunities haven't come to the market at the rate that we all thought they were going to come to the market at. A lot of the buyers are still on the sidelines. The sellers are not sure that they are going to place – their pricing is in a place yet where they want to sell. Any one of those dynamics could break loose and cause outcomes for us that were more favorable than what we've talked about. There are things out there that could cause outcomes that are less favorable than what we've talked about, obviously too. What Brett quoted in our release was kind of our view of where this company should operate in a more normal environment, coupled with our view that we are headed toward a more normal environment. If we are not headed toward a more normal environment, we are going to get outcomes somewhere on either side of that.
Brett White: As – Bob raised a very good point well, which is – and you've been following us for a very long time. You know that that paragraph we gave you is simply the base operating model we've been describing to you and our other analysts, investors for almost a decade now. In a normal environment, that's what you should expect out of the firm and as I said in the release and on the call, it is way too early to call this a normal environment. However, looking at our models and our budgets and forecast, it's not unlikely we could fall in that range this year. But it's – Will, I know what you are talking, that also is the same point Kevin was making earlier. I know what you all want to hear, but I'm not going to give it to you, which is you want to hear that we are in recovery, the transaction business is going to start on-boarding revenue and you are going to get the great hockey stick. I guess I'll tell you this. It's out there. I just don't think it's this year. I think we're – it's too early. And I could be – we could be wrong and you know what? We probably will be wrong, whether it's – we call for 2013 and it's 2011 or we call for 2011, it comes in 2013. The one thing you know from watching us, as do our other callers, is this industry tends to miss the big velocity moves on EBITDA both directions. We tend to be overly optimistic when the market is coming apart; we tend to be overly conservative when the market is coming together. The best we can tell you right now is we really don't think that hockey stick, that big, big jump in EBITDA and EPS that you are looking for is 2010. I think it's a bit further out, but we really don't know. We are just waiting the tea leaves [ph] as we have them right now and each quarter we'll know a bit more.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Great. I'm sorry to be a dead horse. Thank you for that.
Bob Sulentic: Well, let me add on to that too, because I do think you can – not you personally, but any of us can hear numbers and they can be a little confusing taking that out of context. If you look at our investment property's revenues, they were 11% to 12% of revenues this year and let’s say those revenues spiked in '10 by 30%. That would only add 4% to our revenues for next year. So you hear these big numbers on some parts of the business or you hear the pop in revenues in Asia for instance, relative to what they had last year and you think about what might happen next year. But I do think you have to put those spectacular numbers into the context of what they mean to the overall income statement.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, great. And thank you for the background on all this. Let me switch gears and ask you a few, hopefully, fairly quick questions. Bob, you had mentioned, I believe – can you just confirm, $75 million of EBITDA to – that would be on top of the $372 million reported to get you an adjusted?
Bob Sulentic: Gil, you want to – ?
Gil Borok: It's Gil. That's right.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay.
Gil Borok: For covenant purposes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Great. Okay. And then – oh, for covenant purposes? Okay. And do you think that's a fair way of looking at the EBITDA base when looking at either the guidance or just how we should all model?
Gil Borok: Yes. But what you got – you took the $372 million. You should take the full $454 million of normalized, add to that the $75 million for covenant purposes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Sorry. So $454 million normalized?
Gil Borok: That's normalized. $372 million is reported.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: And – okay. And to get to $454 million, you add the $75 million?
Gil Borok: To – no, to get to $454 million, you have to add other adjustments and then add $75 million to that for covenant purposes.
Brett White: But the normalized – the normalized EBITDA number, Will –
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Yes.
Brett White: It's what you should focus on if you think about modeling and so forth. Covenant EBITDA is important to our lenders, but I don't think you should model the business of a covenant EBITDA. Use the normalized numbers, because that's how we go – we run –
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Which is $454 million?
Gil Borok: Correct.
Brett White: Yes.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, got it. Okay, thanks. A question on the line on the income statement, the minority interest expense line. It changed direction during the quarter. Can you give us any thoughts on how to model that? I know it's just – it's very tough to modeling and does move the needle.
Gil Borok: Yes, in the normal course, Will, that line is not particularly material. What you've got – again, if you are looking at the press release, you've got the GAAP numbers on that line, which would include write-downs in both years. So you've got the minority portion of those write-downs reflected in that line. And so on a GAAP basis, you've got some strange movements year-over-year. On a normalized basis, going forward, in the normal course as we get equity earnings in and we have – if we have profits, that would be a normal relationship year-over-year and it's not particularly material. I mean, there would be some growth – just as we've said, there would be some growth to the overall business.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: How about the equity loss from undecided subs line?
Gil Borok: Again, it's not particularly material and it comes mostly from the principal businesses. So it would – it should grow, on a normalized basis, in line with the guidance that we've given. I used guidance literally, but in light of what we are talking about for the consolidated company for '10.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, perfect. And then can you give the cash flow figure for 2009, what your operating cash flow – with all the capital raises, I mean, you paid down debt more by – by more than just a –
Gil Borok: It is in the presentation. If you look at the slide 19, we give you cap table for 12/31/08 and 12/31/09. And you can see the change in net debt, which will tell you the answer to that.
Brett White: When coupled with the equity raise.
Gil Borok: Correct.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Well, yes, that includes the equity raise. So if you back out the equity raise is what – I can do the math. That's right.
Gil Borok: Yes.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, exactly.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay. And one final question. The – in – what do you think the industry decline was in Americas leasing or U.S. leasing during the fourth quarter?
Bob Sulentic: What the industry –
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Or if it was a decline.
Brett White: In terms of revenues?
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Yes. I mean, you showed – you were up, I believe and I'm just wondering if you have any industry view of what that figure would have been. You guys were – or you were down 2%.
Bob Sulentic: We were – yes, we were nominally down year-over-year fourth quarter. My guess would be that the industry as a whole was probably down – if we were down 3% or 4%, it was probably down 8%. I am guessing – well, I think it's – you would – what I would expect and what's normally the case is that in a market like this, we are getting pretty good share accretion. It's just natural in a market like this. So if we are down some amount, I would guess the overall market was down a bit more.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Okay, thank you. That's all from me.
Bob Sulentic: But Will, there is no – there is no track to data. So this is just pure speculation.
Will Marks – JMP Securities: Got it.
Operator: Next, we will go the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Thanks. Brett, in past calls you've talked about market share sometimes. Any sense of how you guys finished up the fourth quarter in the basic or the various geographies for market share in investment sales and are there particular areas where you feel you've got more headroom than others? I would guess in U.S., market share is going to be tough to double, but are there areas where you think you do have the kind of opportunity?
Brett White: Sure. Let me just go through, I think, the three headline business – not only business lines, those are called buckets of revenue. So I'll use the outsourcing, sales, and leases.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Yes.
Brett White: Outsourcing, I think the numbers are now out there. We had a very strong year in 2009 in on-boarding share and outsourcing. We talked about 300 million square feet of net additions to the portfolio. I think that's close to double anyone in the industry. So that's a pretty impressive statistic. On the capital market size of the sale and lease of investment properties in the major markets that matter, the places where real revenue comes from, I would say we are likely the leader in virtually every one of them. In the major cities I think, with a few exceptions, that is absolutely the case. In the States, we are absolutely the market leader in investment property sales, in Europe that is the case in most of the cities, and in Asia it is a bit more of a mixed bag, but certainly in the markets that matter, if we are not number one but we are right there. On the leasing side, I believe we are the market leader in virtually every major world market. Certainly we are in the States, we are in the U.K., and most of the major Western European cities as well. So our market share, we believe, has moved up nicely in this down cycle, as you would expect it would; it would be disappointing if it did not. In a down cycle, there is absolutely a flight to quality and you also see the exit of some participants. We saw a little bit of both of that in this most recent down cycle, and also the nature of the business has changed. The outsourcing business as we have talked about before has become an extremely technical, extremely complex, high-hurdle business to get into. It really just is not possible really anymore for all but two, any maybe you can reach and say three, firms to participate in true global outsourcing. It is just too complex and too expensive to be in that business. On the sales side, the type of sale business out there right now is very complex, requires tremendous amount of underwriting, these are the things we do very well. And we are very pleased with where our share has moved. It would be nice if I can reference at a single publication that ranked all the firms in every market, it does not exist in this industry. You have to look to various sources in the major markets and you have to kind of ignore the – something we all do of our adjusting we're all [ph] number one, go to the data, you will find what you need but I think what you will find is that CB Richard Ellis leads almost every lead table in almost every market.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Kind of sort of tagging on to that, how core related do you think a recovery in outsourcing and leasing will be or is? Do those things come hand in hand, can outsourcing recover without leasing recovering and vice versa?
Brett White: Well, it's – in recovering, I am assuming you mean revenue growth, correct?
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Right.
Brett White: Right, because it's – again you have this interesting situation where we are actually on-boarding outsourcing business right now at a rapid rate, but for the reasons I mentioned earlier, the revenues are slower to come, and yes, there is no question that an improvement in job growth will drive both an improvement in leasing revenues and improvement in outsourcing revenues because it flows through to expansion in space and the things we get paid to do for these clients. I think that is a fair conclusion that when you see one, you will see the other and they are correlated.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: A couple for Bob, as you look out for this year, I know there is not great visibility on some of those things but how should we think about some of the impairments, charges, it seems like you are kind of running of a lot of the issues with cost savings and acquisition and integration charges, those kinds of things but how should we think about those and then also any color around CapEx and the tax rate for 2010 it would be helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. First of all with regard to impairments, at the end of every quarter we do a thorough analysis in our two principal businesses, our investment management business and our development services business, and we take the impairments each quarter that we think need to be taken. So, in other words, sitting here today, we would say those impairments that exist in our portfolio have been taken. When you are in an environment where there is a decline in values or there is debt maturities coming along that you may or may not be able to deal with within the portfolio, you can have new instances of impairment. You mentioned Brandon that they have been kind of running off over time or declining, this year’s year-end impairments were dramatically lower than last year’s. We think as the market stabilizes and it clearly appears to be stabilizing that that trend of the impairments running off should actually accelerate. So we feel good that you should expect materially less impairments this year than you have seen in the last year. With regard to the tax rate, it was about 40% for 2009, we think it is going to be a couple of points less this year than it was in 2009, so about 38%, and what was the third piece you asked?
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: CapEx spending.
Bob Sulentic: CapEx spending was at a very low level last year and frankly it was at a level that we would rather not be at. It was south of $30 million, the target was 30, we will spend more this year than we spent last year. We have got some things going on strategically on the IT side that we are going to spend some money on. We have got some leases that we are going to renew and extend ourselves and spend some money on, and frankly that is a great proxy for what we think our customers are doing just like our customers in several major markets around the world. We are going to lease some space, extend leases we have or relocate to new spaces that we think are opportune. We are going to spend some money in conjunction with that. So you should expect to see CapEx go up this year but it will be well below historical peaks.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Fair enough. And then a final question. Within the leasing business, especially in the Americas, any sense of kind of how that mix stands now between office, retail, industrial, just trying to get a sense of what the different levers might be based on how the economy kind of bumps along and recovers? Bob Sulentic You know it is a great question and that data exists, I am afraid I do not have it with me at the moment. It does exist though and it can be found and if Gil can dig it up somewhere – Gil, if you can get back to Brandon and let him know what that – what published data is out there, (inaudible) must have something on that. Yes.
Brandon Dobell – William Blair: Great guys, thanks a lot.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, you bet.
Operator: Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Thanks. In the press release, you noted hitting $110 million of EBITDA in facilities in the U.S. I was just wondering how much of the whole facility's pie that was.
Brett White: You are talking about the outsourcing revenues and the EBITDA associated with that Anthony?
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Yes, you said U.S. property and facility management had $110 million of EBITDA in 2009. I was just wondering what portion of the whole properties and facilities EBITDA was that.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, it is just the U.S. portion of our landlord management business and our corporate outsourcing business. So it is only a percentage but it is a big portion on it, let’s say maybe 50%, 60% of the business.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay and then just wondering in the facilities business, it seems like on a quarterly basis you renew 13, 15, 17 type contracts. How many typically I guess expire in a given quarter? What does that look like?
Bob Sulentic: In the outsourcing space, there is no seasonality to contract explorations as it would be – it is a straight ratable math so there is nothing – in that business these are typically three, five-year, seven-year contracts and they are kind of signed on a ratable basis throughout the year, they expire on a ratable basis throughout the year – well, there is no big seasonality to contract explorations now.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: I am just curious what I guess the renewable rate is if we think in the quarter –
Bob Sulentic: I am sorry, what percentage of things we renew?
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Yes, I think you said you did 17, renewed or extended 17 existing contracts in the quarter, how many actually had to be addressed or can do?
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, I cannot give you an exact percentage for this quarter but we have historically and consistently run north of 90% on our renewals, well north of 90%.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Yes, that is what I was curious about, great. And then one final just tiny detail but I was just curious on your balance sheet Bob, the warehouse receivables and the warehouse line of credit, historically those matched up like dollar-for-dollar and they were just off a little bit and I was just curious if there was something different that was happening there.
Gil Borok: There is a new program that we have entered into. It is – it's very similar to what we have done in the past with the Freddie and Fannie, it's with a HUD lender and they don’t match up with that new program. There is a slight tweak in timing between the commitment that we get and the draw down on the line and that is creating a little bit of a gap between the two, but it is not material and it is not a big part of what we do, and I would not expect it to grow, the gap to grow any going forward.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay but they are not asking you to take more risk in the future or something like that?
Gil Borok: No.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay.
Brett White: Anthony, can I go back, I want to make sure we understood and answered your question about the U.S. property and facilities management EBITDA as a percentage of the whole, were you asking what percentage of the company’s entire property and facilities management EBITDA resides in the U.S.?
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Yes.
Brett White: I think the answer to that would be north of 75%.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, so the $110 is really the bulk of that business line.
Brett White: Our global properties and facilities management EBITDA, yes.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. Please proceed.
Brett White: Great. Well, I appreciate everyone’s participation in the call today and we look forward to talking to you after the completion of the first quarter.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by today. And welcome to the CB Richard Ellis Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As you may know, all participants are in a listen-only mode for this conference. So, when we will conduct a question-and-answer session, we will give you instructions at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, the call is being recorded. And with that, we turn the call over to our host, Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead sir.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on our homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio webcast of the web -- an audio of the webcast, the transcript and a PDF version of slide presentation will be posted to the website, later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements regarding our momentum in 2009, future operations and future financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and our actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which also include references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable -- most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide 3, our management team members participating today are Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Bob Sulentic, our Group President and Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today for the question and answer session are Gil Borok, our Chief Accounting Officer and CFO of the Americas and Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer. I will now hand the call up to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you Nick and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide four. Before I turn the call over to Bob for a detailed review of our second quarter results. I want to make some brief remarks regarding the progress we have made on several key initiatives most of which we discussed in the past. First, we have continued to focus on providing superior service to our customers and increasing our market share throughout this industry's cyclical down turn. Our outsourcing business continues to perform well. In the current operating environment, many new clients are embarrassing the concept of outsourcing as a means to save on real estate operating cost and are focusing their attention on the higher quality platforms when choosing their service provider. As a result, global RFP activity has been very strong and new account wins are up 25 %, versus second quarter 2008. These same concerns about cost management and service quality are also creating many opportunities to expand our relationships with existing outsourcing customers. Square footage growth under management improved for this part of our business during the quarter. This was highlighted by our Bank of America account expansion, in the EMEA and Asia-Pacific. In addition, in investment sales, for the first half of 2009, we once again captured the number one position in the US with a share of 18.6% as compared to 17% in the same period last year according to Real Capital Analytics. I am particularly pleased to report on our progress in managing operating expenses. We are now targeting a run rate reduction of 575 to $600 million in operating expenses, compared to our 2007 base year. An increase of $100 million over the previously reported range of 475 million to $500 million. As we have previously discussed this target excludes the very significant reduction in certain variable expenses including commission and other incentive compensation expenses, that automatically occurs as a result of the company's reduced revenues and profitability. The impact of our cost cutting efforts on the company's current financial results is profound. While the company's quarterly revenues have declined by 27% compared to 2008, our operating expenses have decreased 30% over the same period. The result is that although we currently are operating in one of the worse downturns, our history has seen the company has actually increased its normalized EBITDA margins to 9.5% in the second quarter of 2009 from 8.7% in the second quarter of 2008. We believe that these efforts to mange our cost structure have created tremendous operating leverage in our business, which should allow us to accelerate earnings growth, when the markets recover. As long as the environment remains difficult, we will continue to be diligent and seeking out opportunities to cut costs even further, while maintaining the high levels of service, that our customers have come to expect. I should also mention that although we have implemented a very rigorous cost cutting program, it has been executed without eliminating or significantly impacting any of our geographies or business lines. In fact as I mentioned earlier, we have continued to build our business. Our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet also continued in the second quarter. Since November 2008, we have raised approximately $800 million in capital. In June, we issued $150 million in common stock at an average price of $7.84 per share which compares quite favorably to our price of $4.48 per share at the beginning of the year. During the quarter, we also raised approximately $450 million in a private placement offering of subordinated debt within a year maturity. Paulson & Company elected to purchase $100 million of our equity and $100 million of this subordinated debt in these offerings. Given John's reputation, as one of the world's savviest investors we were especially pleased that he believed it to be a prudent time to invest in our industry and that he chose CBRE as the company he wanted to bet on. We have prepaid $195 million of bank debt amortization and have significantly extended the weighted average maturity of our outstanding debt. We have also launched a loan modification program for our revolver and portions of our term loans to further spread out amortization and extend maturities. Bob will give additional details on this program in a moment. But I wanted to note that we have only received preliminary commitments to modify approximately $425 million of the targeted debt. We are pleased that the market seems to have faith in the actions we have taken in this regard. Since the beginning of the year, our equity market cap increased from $1.1 billion to $2.7 billion, at the end of the second quarter. The markets have responded favorably with our term debt training up from approximately 55% of par value to approximately 95% of par value. We are very pleased with the progress made in implementing these strategy initiatives and are excited about CBRE's position to take advantage of opportunities that present that themselves as the market recovers. Even though market challenges persisted, slide five provided examples to demonstrate that there was in fact, activity in the marketplace and some of them was meaningful in size. That concludes my introductory remarks, I'll will now turn the call over to Bob to provide a detailed review of our results for the quarter. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Brett. And good morning everyone. Please advance to slide six. Revenue was $955.7 million for the second quarter, down 27% from last year. Driven predominantly by weak sales and leasing activity. Normalized EBITDA came in at $90.9 million for normalized EBITDA margin of 9.5% which was a marked improvement from the second quarter 2008 margin of 8.7%. This is of course, very difficult to accomplish in a declining revenue environment. Our cost of services was down materially, but as a percentage of revenue, rose to 59.3% from 56.1% in the second quarter last year, primarily driven by the large decrease in overall revenues and a shift in mix of revenues with outsourcing including reimbursables comprising of materially greater portion of the total than in the prior year quarter. Second quarter 2009 operating expenses up $328.7 million declined by 30% versus the second quarter 2008, a reduction of $140.2 million. This decline was obviously greater than the decline in revenue on a percentage basis. These reductions will provide very substantial operating leverage when market conditions improve. Please turn to slide seven. Revenues from property and facilities management, fees for assets under management, loan servicing fees and leasing commissions from existing clients, all of which are largely recurring represented approximately 65% of total revenues for the second quarter. Our property and facilities management business accounted for 42% of total revenues, which was a little lower than the 44% in the first quarter, due to a seasonal improvement in sales and leasing revenues. However, this was up materially from the 32% of revenues outsourcing we accounted for, in the second quarter of 2008. Leasing declined 31% in the quarter versus the second quarter of 2008. This decline was similar to the decline in the first quarter of this year. Sales revenue dropped $98.2 million or 61% versus a year ago. A large decline but less than 66% year-over-year decline, we experienced in the first quarter. The appraisal and valuation business declined by 24% in second quarter, also less than the first quarter decline and comprised 7% of total revenues in the second quarter. Global investment management revenue was down 30% year-over-year while development services revenue was down 29%. And the commercial brokerage business was down 42% as the challenges in the credit market continue. Please turn to slide eight. Outsourcing revenue for the quarter declined 5% on a year-over-year basis. This decline was driven by lower corporate spending, a rise in vacancy rates and client consolidations. As you can see from the slide, many fundamental aspects of this business continued to perform very well. Most noteworthy is the fact that new client contracts, we signed, are up 25%. The total number of customers is up. Square footage under management is growing and we won seven new accounts, expanded six client relationship and signed nine renewals during the second quarter. Although, I will not run through the details, we've attached slide nine which provides certain US market statistics to illustrate just how challenging vacancy and absorption trends have been and are projected to be through the rest of this year. Now, please turn to slide 10. The US commercial property investment market remains weak. The nation wide sales volume in the first half decreased 78% compared with the same period in 2008 according to Real Capital Analytics. We again hold the leading market share position and investment sales in the US with an 18.6% share on the first half of 2009 versus a 17% share in the same period, last year. Our Americas sales revenue for the second quarter declined 59% on year-over-year basis, which was improvement from the 70% decline in the first quarter this year. The number of distressed assets continues to rise. A Real Capital Analytic's report, earlier this month, identified $108 billion worth of commercial property in default, bankruptcy or foreclosure, double the level that year end 2008. Distress sales were expected to account for lion's shares of transaction in the second half of 2009 and well in 2010. We are extremely well positioned to capture a significant share of this opportunity and are currently marketing over $2.25 billion of distressed properties for sale. Looking at our Americas leasing business revenue declined 30% in the second quarter versus prior year, slightly better than the 32% decline we experienced in the first quarter. U.S. office vacancy rates increased by 80 basis points in the second quarter of 2009 versus the first quarter of this year to 15.5%. Now please turn to slide 11. Our investment sales activity in EMEA declined 71% in the second quarter of 2009, relative to the second quarter of last year. This compares to a 52% sales decline in the first quarter of 2009. While the rate of decline in the UK has remained fairly stable, the remain of decline the rate of decline elsewhere in Europe, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe its still worsening. As was the case in the first quarter, foreign currency exchange rate changes also negatively impacted Q2 2009 versus Q2 2008. CBRE's revenue from leasing in the EMEA declined 39% in the second quarter of 2009 versus the same quarter in 2008. This compares to a 33% leasing decline for the first quarter of 2009. These leasing results are highly correlated to economic performance in the region. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE sales revenues in the Asia-Pacific region fell 42% in the second quarter versus the prior year second quarter. This is a meaningful improvement from the 69% sales decline for the first quarter this year, driven by actual growth in Australia, New Zealand that we believe may not yet be indicative of a trend. CBRE's leasing revenue in Asia Pacific fell 25 % in the second quarter versus the prior year second quarter, fueled by improved performance in China. This compares favorably to a 33 % decrease in the first quarter. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue from the development services segment was down 29% to 22.2 million in the second quarter this year. Operating results for the second quarter of 2009 showed improvement due to cost savings efforts. Results for the quarter included $800, 000 of cost containment expenses and $1.2 million of net write-downs of impaired assets. At June 30, 2009 in-process development totaled $5.2 billion, which was down approximately 16 % from year ago levels. The pipeline at June 30, totaled 1.5 billion which was down almost 60% from the year ago levels. The combined total of 6.7 billion of in-process and pipeline activity is down about a third from year-ago-levels of $9.9 billion. At the end of the second quarter, our equity co-investments in the development services business totaled $88 million. We continue to expect a very low level of activity in this business, at least for the remainder of this year. Please turn to slide 14. Our global investment management revenues were $32.6 million for the second quarter as compared to $42.7 million for last year's second quarter. The decline resulted from the reduction in asset management and acquisition fees as compared to the second quarter of 2008. Asset management fees were down for the quarter to $29.4 million versus $33.6 million in the first quarter this year. And down from $36 million in the second quarter of last year driven primarily by downward pressure on certain asset management fee structures and foreign currency exchange rate changes. Assets under management totaled $36.4 billion at the end of the second quarter this year. This total was up slightly from the $36 billion level at March 31, of last year but down slightly -- excuse me, at March 31 of this year but down slightly from the $43.7 billion at the end of the second quarter last year. Our core investments at the end of the quarter totaled $85.2 million. Our global investment management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. Second quarter 2009 EBITDA was impacted by a net non-cash write-down of investments of 2.6 million attributable to decreased property evaluations. In the second quarter of 2009, we did not realize any carried interest revenue and we reversed $300,000 of previously accrued carried interest compensation expense, as compared to the second quarter of 2008 in which we accrued $2.6 million of carried interest compensation expense. As of June 30, 2009 the company still maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $20 million. Which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. The segments EBITDA margin in the second quarter of 2009 improved as a result of significant cost cutting efforts. Now, please turn to page 16. We have continued to aggressively remove expenses from our business. We completed all actions relative to our previously announced savings plans and we are now raising our target by approximately 100 million to achieve between 575 million and 600 million in total annual savings versus base year 2007. Of this amount, roughly 550 million will flow through our income statement this year. To be clear, these are changes to operating cost that are in addition to variable expenses such as commissions and declines that result from lower revenues. To achieve these savings we incurred $17 million of one time cost containment expenses in the second quarter of this year, 25 million for the six months of 2009, that just ended and 52 million cumulative one-time expenses over the last 12 months. Our CapEx spending target for this year continues to be approximately $30 million which is unchanged from the first quarter target. Please turn to slide 17. We continue to make significant progress with our balance sheet. Our goals have been to number one de-lever, number two; reduce reliance on bank debt. And number three extend debt maturities. Following the credit agreement amendment announced last quarter we raised $150 million of the equity capital as Brett described earlier, led by a $100 million investment from Paulson & Company and we augmented that with a $50 million ATM program, the combined average price for these two actions were $7.84 of share. We raised $450 million of 11 and 58% senior subordinated notes again, led by a $100 million investment from Paulson & Company. We prepaid a substantial portion of our debt and most recently, we initiated a long modification program for participants in our credit agreement. This program was launched with preliminary commitments of approximately $425 million from a handful of our largest banks. We expect to close on this program in the third quarter. Please turn to slide 18. Excluding our mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and non-recurred, course real statements, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter was just under $2 billion. During the second quarter, we paid approximately $150 million of bonuses and incentive compensation related to last year. Taking into account these payments as can seen in the table, actions taken during the quarter supported our objectives of delevering and reducing our reliance on bank debt. Following the completion of our financing activities during the quarter, our weighted average interest rate at the end of the second quarter of 2009 was 6.8% as compared to 5.6% at the end of the first quarter both before the effective interest rate swaps. On slide 19, we've illustrated our financial ratio covenant requirements and remaining debt maturity schedule through 2010. You can see that our leverage ratio net debt to EBITDA at the end of the second quarter provided us even more room, under the new maximum ratio permitted of 4.25 times, than we had at the end of the first quarter. And this leverage ratio at June 30, of 2.47 times, compared favorably to the December 31, 2008 ratio of 3.28 times. Our trailing 12 month interest coverage ratio was 5.36 times, well in excess of the required minimum of two times. The total amount of covenant EBITDA add-backs to normalized EBITDA related to our credit agreement was approximately $200 million for the trailing 12 month calculation in the June 30, 2009. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thanks Bob and please turn to slide 20. I want to provide some brief summary remarks regarding our expectations. Market conditions continue to create a variety of challenges for our business. They do not seem to have changed significantly since the end of the first quarter. And it relates to macro trends that will impact results for the remainder of 2009. And we believe that for investment sales, while we continue to have lower expectations for the remainder of 2009, distress sales may pickup towards the end of the year. Leasing activity will stay weak until we start to see recovery in economic performance and meaningful job growth. Our outsourcing business will continue to see growth in our client base and the square footage we manage for our clients, but continue to be challenged by downward pressure on corporate spending. We also continue to believe the global investment management and the development services business will have neutral results until investment sales pick up and asset values increase. Given these expectations our strategy remains consistent. We will focus on providing great service to our clients. We will continue to aggressively attack cost for the duration of the downturn. We will continue to focus on improving our balance sheet. We will continue to aggressively compete for market share. We of course know that the commercial real estate market will turn and when it does the actions that we have taken preserve our geographic presence in services offered together with the operating leverage we have created in our business will enable us to disproportionately grow market share and earnings versus the rest of the industry. For many years we have told you that our culture and management focus allows us to attack cost and protect margins in a manner unique in our industry. This quarter's results once again prove out this claim. We take great pride in this and are committed to maintaining our superior financial performance throughout this down cycle and to leverage this highly efficient cost structure aggressively when revenue growth returns to the sector. And with that operator, we will now take the questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Okay we have first have question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you and good morning. A number of reports out there have shown just a pickup in activity both transaction and in leasing totally a pretty strong June. Do you think that is something that you expect to continue, did you think that was maybe some pent up demand from activity being so dried up earlier in the year?
Brett White: Anthony this is Brett. And frankly, I wouldn't characterize June as a strong month and I wouldn't characterize the market place has haven't seen any particularly strong activity in the back portion of the second quarter. I do know and this maybe answer what you were referring to, I do know that in New York, which is a valuable market. There was a sense that transaction activity, leasing activity picked up a bit in the second quarter. But, I would say that globally or perhaps more importantly to our investors, the larger markets around the world, the leasing business remains very much depressed and more abound and the sales market is just in a very-very similar condition as it was in the first quarter.
Anthony Paolone: Okay that's helpful. In terms of your margins, your gross margin, it picked up from the first quarter but it still seems a bit on the low side. Why is that?
Brett White: Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all, Anthony if you -- the thing I'd recall your attention to is our year-over-year EBITDA margin which went up by almost a full point. Reflective of normal job of controlling cost but also reflective of the fact that we've kept our platform intact and we are generating revenues in all of our business lines around the system. And in particular, our outsourcing business has, which is our most stable base of revenue has grown to be 42% of the business in the second quarter. So we, while we certainly would love the return to the days of new double digit margins. We're not in those days now. Revenues are off, as we reported by 27 %. So what we're trying to do is extract the best possible margins from those depressed revenues and frankly we're satisfied with the margins we generate in this environment.
Brett White: And Anthony I would just I would add to that a comment that Bob made last quarter which I think is important for the context. At the high 9 % range from EBITDA margin in a very-very depressed environment and in our second quarter which seasonally is a lower margin quarter. That margin is higher than some of our largest competitors ever achieved in the peak of the hot market of 2004, '05 and '06. So it's a high 9% margins are very, very respectful margin in a good market. It frankly is a sounding in this market to me.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Fair enough and then just another question just thinking, you made comment about potential reducing broker commission. I just wondering how you think about that in terms of competitive landscape, in terms of retaining folks and so forth?
Brett White: I didn't make that comment.
Anthony Paolone: I think it was in the may be, in the press release you talked about.
Brett White: Anthony you must no, not in this quarter. Last quarter, I think I referred to it, last quarter we mentioned on the call that in early 2009, ourselves and a number of other large firms had marginally reduced commission rate in the US. And so just hearkened back to that. I think that's what you are referring to Anthony. So, what we said back in the first quarter was that commission rates had moved -- for our brokers had move down although, a very small amount a percent or two. Commission rates in the industry being paid by our clients to us, really haven't moved much this downturn. If its anything what you ought to expect through a downturn like this is commission rates paid to us by our clients will modestly move up, as clients who have vacancies in buildings or clients that need to sell buildings, instant brokerage firms a bit more, to get those jobs done in a tough environment.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, so you are not talking like you commented in the press release about substantially reduced variable commissions that's just timed to the revenues not the commission rates?
Brett White: Oh, Anthony I understand your question. Right. What we're about there Anthony is that, remember that when we talked about expense reductions, we talked about five to $600 million of OpEx, that doesn't count in equal or frankly greater amount of expense that is eliminated from our P&L by commissions being reduced and bonuses being reduced by the decline in revenues.
Anthony Paolone: Okay.
Brett White: That's automatic and ratable and its not something we do. So, we don't take credit for it.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Just wanted to understand that. And then just my last question on the loan modification program of the $425 million that sounds like you have got teed up there, do you anticipate a big change in the rate? What are the big terms that are likely to change?
Brett White: Bob.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony we haven't talked publicly about the changed terms. I will tell you that the big pieces are that we are going differ maturities. Of course that's the whole motivation to do it. We expect it will pay some incremental interest rate as price for extending those maturities but it wont be dramatic. And secondly there will likely be some fees associated with it. But again not dramatic. We think the price we paid for the extended maturities will be a very-very fair price relative to the benefit it delivers for us. But we haven't talked publicly about what those numbers are.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Anthony.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Sloan Bohlen: Good morning guys. Hi, first question just on the cost cutting to go back to that. It sounds like the strategy its pretty much the cut cost somewhat commentarial with what you see in revenue declines going forward. Do you think about an overall level of cost cutting at which you are starting to dig into whether it's a platform market you may have to cut, or tying that to Tony's question about talent retention and which producers you keep or how do you think about that?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah it's a good question and I'll give you a response that we have been giving for a while now, which is first in a services business like ours, there is a very-very significant amount of cost that can be extracted from the business for a while. With that affecting (ph) the on-boarded back on either through the downturn or when revenues return. I would say we're a long way away, from extracting cost that impacts the business in a material way. So, we're neither there now, right now nor do I believe we're even close to bumping up against that. It's just a fact of these type of business is that there's awful lot of expense out there that in normal environment, you'd would like to have, you'd like to invest in new things, but in constrained environment, you can without for while. And were the market to become materially worse. There's a pretty significant amount we could go after in addition to what we have. Secondly, on your question regarding producers. We don't cut -- in the United States, we don't cut any revenue producer because there is -- it's all variable expense. Now in Europe and to a lesser extent in Asia Pacific where some producer are on salaries, they do get cut if they're not producing. But the folks that cut in a downturn like this are not profitable folks. So, people that are generating little revenues and that the cost that we are having to invest or support, those people is not balanced by adequate revenues. So, the way I think about it Sloan is, this is the business that can withstand as you have seen pretty significant cost cutting without any material diminish in the business. And the support evidence I gave you there which I know Sloan you are very aware of, is just look at the market share statistics. We are gaining share and out pacing cost reductions by the end of firms in our business by magnitude, two, three times that our cost comes out from other firms. So, I think that the evidence that we can cut, we know where to cut, we know how to cut. We've all been through this unfortunately a number of times before as you know Sloan, we have talked to your folks for years about the fact that there is just a culture here around cost that is intense and I think that the results speak for themselves. Gaining market share, terrific margins and an increasing target on top production.
Sloan Bohlen: Okay Thank you that's helpful and then Brett just to stay on the market share topic. On that that theme, have you seen any smaller niche players dropping out of the market, is that where you are picking up share and how do you think about an inflection about when volumes maybe pickup. There are acquisitions and merger opportunities that you think you'd look at?
Brett White: Yeah, first on the share side. I suppose -- perhaps a small piece of this is smaller firms dropping out. I think on the investment property side there is really a, a clearly simple explanation and I wish it were like you said, it isn't. Investment property side in the states, our largest competitor by far in this business was a boutique firm that specialized in very-very large transactions. By the way, a terrific firm. That firm has seen a disproportionate decline in share and revenues, because those transactions are exactly the ones that have completely disappeared. So, if you look at these, I think what happened is that component of the numerator of the market itself is just to be operated, there was a large competitor that did a lot of that work. And so we've all benefited ourselves and perhaps one or two other firms have benefited from that. Add to that -- anyway that's in property side that in a normal market and we've not had a normal market for nine years or in a depressed market, like we are in now, our model, our platform out competes on the investment property side because -- I don't mean to be long winded about this, but in the very hot market, the model from investment property sales is auctioned. And I hate to admit it but any firm can win an auction. In a tough market or in normal market which required to successfully extract the highest possible sales price for investment properties it's the ability to underwrite assets and to convince buyers that you have a very deep knowledge of that asset and the assets that's surrounded. And so our platform, our services platform of property management, mortgage, finance, leasing brokers we're able to provide a more comprehensive view into the asset class. I think a better view of the asset class then can the competitors. So that's the share issue. On the leasing side, we just -- we just have a dominant leasing platform globally, end of story. We should expect to have accrete share, there generally every year. On the M&A side, there are some very interesting opportunities in the marketplace right now, because of the depressed values. We're not in the M&A business at the moment. I suspect that when the market recovers, values will go back up and it will be back to a more normal time for us where we still need to be very-very careful around the M&A. But certainly, we look forward to those days and if good opportunities are still present in the marketplace as we've done in the last 12 years, we intend to be an aggressive acquirer.
Sloan Bohlen: Okay, great. And then, one last question for Bob if I may. Just on the loan modification, are you targeting a particular set of the term loans?
Brett White: Sloan on the line with us is Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer who's quarter backing -- frankly, he's quarterbacked all these moves. He did the covenant amendment. He led the strategy with the bonds and the equity sale for Paulson and so forth. And he's on point for this and I'm going to ask him to comment on that.
Jim Groch: Okay Bob. This is Jim. From the we are targeting we are starting to target some early renewal of our revolver and we know that for almost two years. But as we have said in the past we are trying to get ahead of this season. Be very proactive. We are targeting branch that tend to have more amortization over the next few years. But we are also even targeting in extension of some of our turn that definitely come up for 4.5 year. To push out, to push a chunk of that out for another couple of years, just to extend maturities in general across the balance sheet and to have less reliance on the bank debt.
Sloan Bohlen: Okay. And then Jim right now the anticipation that this is this determine rate in terms of new terms not any restriction on CapEx or acquisition or like that
Jim Groch: Correct, yes.
Sloan Bohlen: Okay great thank you very much.
Jim Groch: Sure.
Operator: Next question from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Go ahead.
Will Marks: Thank you and good morning. Few questions here. One can you just address the tax rate. We should be expecting it for full year, this year and if there be a change next year?
Bob Sulentic: 38%. Well, and we don't expect a material change.
Will Marks: And then how about the run rate of interest expense. I know you made some comments that would help drive that but, how should we be thinking about in terms of second quarter number, looking ahead?
Bob Sulentic: We expect our weighted average interest expense to be about 6.8% for the balance of this year.
Will Marks: Okay and assuming stable rates in the market. Would that continue next year?
Bob Sulentic: That's correct
Will Marks: Okay. In terms of -- back to the whole margin ratio and I realized that you've done, was a great improvement year-over-year. I'm wondering more on the expense ratio that's related to that, and that is the comp expense ratio which has been going up. And I believe it's tightened more because you're getting more revenues from lower margin business management, outsourcing. Can you comment on that, and what we should expect to see. That ratio has been running about 61%, I think in the last two years. And if you can help us understand where should we going from here?
Bob Sulentic: Well, if things play out the way we all hope they do, we'll -- you'll see two circumstances. Number one, you'll continue to see steady expansion of our outsourcing business which of course, does have a bigger component of labor in it than other revenue streams. But the other thing you should see is that our leasing and investment properties businesses rebound pretty substantially. Obviously they are going to be rebound and is not going to be long term growth, its going to be a cyclical bounce back which will be at some point precipitous, right. So, even though the long term trend is for the stable outsourcing business to contribute a bigger portion of our revenues and it has historically. We are going to go through a period where that's not the case because you are going to see a bounce back in our transactional revenues, when you see that -- when you are in the middle of that bounce back you are going to see a move back towards a compensation expense being a lower percentage of our overall cost. But the long term trend is for the stable outsourcing business to be a bigger part of our revenue stream and its embedded with a little larger labor cost. It's also embedded unfortunately with a lot more stability and so we are very accepting that.
Will Marks: Okay, great Thank you. And moving on to a different topic of leasing. And we now have nine months of about 30% revenue declines and as we look ahead particularly the fourth quarter, has a very call it an easy comp. I am wondering, what we are hearing is that a lot of leasing is taking place, is renewals and short term expansions and it appears that, if that's the case if business can't be much worst than the fourth quarter wouldn't be down as much as the first and second quarters in particular. Can you just comment on the nature of that easy comp?
Bob Sulentic: Sure. Well, I wish it were an easy comp, but I'd be very cautious about trying that conclusion. The challenge Will, that both you and I have been thinking about that question, is there a number of contradictory or competing dynamics that play in the market and let me just describe it for you. First of all your description is spot on, so what you are seeing in the market place right now generally, is that amount of -- first of all, amount leasing were getting done out there. It's pretty much structural, especially it is they are happy they've worked on. There's not a lot of opportunistic leasing getting done at the moment. And those folks that are in the market, the general rule right now because we thought that was for years. Ironically in a downturn when leasing rates a bit better, anecdotally (ph) our clients are in the bunker and so rather than take advantage of those slower lease rates and perhaps the landlord are going to give us a few more concession, most of our clients, don't do that and they've signed shorter term leases. Because they are worried about their own future and they are also by the way it takes, the new amount of space they can possible take. Now, that is kind of balanced a bit by more what I would describe as perhaps a bit smarter clientele or a bit more opportunistic clientele that really does take advantage of a marketplace like this and goes out. And you saw this on the net journal yesterday, that all from the New York it goes out so has a very long terms lease in this market take advantage of a terrific terms available in marketplace. But that right now is the minority component of the client side. The challenge I am looking forward in doing the fourth quarter as an easy comp is this, if you believe that rental rates have bottomed then you are correct. What you would expect to see then is that at some point clients are beginning to get a bit more opportunistic, sign more traditional leases with a longer term, little bit more space. However, but that implies that rental rates have bottomed and I am not sure that's right. So, if you believe that rental rate have not bottomed and that rental rates we will continue to decline 5%, 10% more, 3% more pick whatever number you want, that just goes into your mathematical model and will impact your view on revenues in the leasing space in Q3 and Q4. What we said about all that this year is, first it's impossible to give discrete guidance around leasing or sale revenues this year. However, directionally this down 30% range, we talk about that kind of number a year ago. As what we would see this year, it's playing out generally along those lines. And I think that we're generally near that bottom level. But, it could get worse. Our leasing rates could continue to decline. On the other hand, there is no question that there is a lot more optimism in the marketplace today, than it was six months ago. And if that level of optimism continues or increases, it's not unlikely that we are going to see a higher percentage of tenants in the marketplace taking more traditional lease terms and more space than we did, in the first two quarters and that could help the comp. It's just very difficult to tell.
Will Marks: Okay. That's really helpful. I guess that, one, one follow up to that is, if we see pick up in activity given much lower rents, how important is that to commissions? You mentioned earlier how our people, landlords are incentivized to either sell property may be, to lease property. Is it all about activity or is the rental rates that important or is it 75% - 25%? I'll let you comment.
Brett White: Right. Well it's, as you know Will -- and it's a good question. I think a lot of callers don't. This is leasing commission is just a, it's a mathematical formula. A times, B times, C times D and that's rate times, terms times, commission rates times square footage. And so, each of those, variables; A, B, C and D, you do the math yourself. They all matter. And I think the bet way to answer your question is use history as your guide. And if you go back and you look at the downturn, leasing downturn of 2001 to 2004, what you saw then at least for our firm and we were anomalous in the market place. The other firms didn't behave this way, but in our firm, during that downturn, our leasing revenues began to pick fairly significantly, ahead of the bottoming of the leasing of rental rates. And the reason for that is what you are alluding to. Well -- is that as the market became comfortable may be the wrong word; as the market digested where things where and that rental rates were really at abnormal lows, you began to get more and more tenants, getting into the marketplace to lease greater amount of space for longer term. And so, our revenues picked up well in advance of the bottoming of rental rates. I suspect the same thing will happen here. The question is when. And I don't want to point a pin that as late 2009 because there's no way to tell. But that is how I think, it will play out. As you'll see our leasing revenues and the leasing revenues of other firms, pick up in advance of the bottoming of rental rates.
Will Marks: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We do have a question here for the line of Vance Edle -- I'm sorry Edelson with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi thanks. This is Vikram in for Vance. I just had a quick question on Asia. You mentioned China, a little better results seen from China. Could you give is little more color on what's sort of driving results there in. And in conjunction of China and India, we've been seeing and hearing a lot of IT companies wanting to shift a lot more work offshore, to the lower cost locations. Is it that part of the reason and do you see that sort of offshore demand continue to reduce and remain one of these, positive point?
Brett White: Well, let me give you -- let me answer the -- I think that the question, you want an answer but then I, I want to condition it with a couple of things. First, when you look at China, at this point in time, what you see is a country that has injected a massive amount of Stimulus into the economy, in a very-very quick fashion. And there's no question that if you and I were sitting in Beijing or Shanghai of Guangzhou today, the attitude and sentiment in those market is very bullish. And the residential prices have been moving up now, since the first of the year. There's lots of capital flowing around system and that's we're picking up some of that. And I think that in China, so in that business, that would explain a lot of what you are seeing to the China numbers. In India, a very big market and little likely in on India positive and negative and certainly, that trend of outsourcing of different -- what I describe as white collar activity, to that country continues. But, I do need -- I need to condition this with the bigger point, which is; good or bad, the India and China markets, as a contributor of overall profits to the firm and revenues are immaterial. They are not large and so, as much I would like to get excited about what's happening in China and India. They are very markets to us. They are very important to our clients, but where those markets go, plus or minus, month-to-month, I -- don't hugely move the needle. But certainly, we were very pleased to see that those markets did better in the second quarter. But, as Bob, I think mentioned in his comment I wouldn't read a lot into that right now.
Unidentified Analyst: And thanks. And then you mentioned on the investment management side there was some pressure on fee structures, could you give us a little more color over there?
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Vikram the pressure was spotty, there were a couple places in our portfolio where there were some downward pressure on our fees due to unique circumstances within individual funds and as you know as everybody on the phone knows, there is a lot of pressure on investment properties of all types everywhere in the world. And we had certain circumstances where that resulted in some downward pressure. We had some evaluations come down and that resulted in diminution of some of those fees. So we were seeing some of that in different places in our portfolio, other then to say that values are generally down and new opportunities are slow in the current environment. I wouldn't generalize.
Brett White: Yeah, and let me just add to that and Bob I think makes a right point. Vikram keep in mind our protocols. The clients in our investment management business don't have the ability to renegotiate these within these funds. What Bob is referring to is the, fees go down if the overall value of the funds declined because we paid a percent of the value so, and the management fees. So, and you've got to be because go down as there is the profit most funds decline, but I just want to be clear that the recent pressure on the fees from declines in the funds, the other fact (ph) of contractual,, they don't change. There is pressure on the fees because of the markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Robert Riggs with William Blair & Company. Go ahead.
Brandon Dobell: Hi, it's Brandon for Rob actually. Brett wanted to see if I can get a little more color on, I guess your level of comfort with the idea that the stress selling will pick up from the context of a couple of things. One; if you guys are having success pushing out the amortization and things like that, with your bank group, is that going to be a kind of the way things work with banks that are exposed to commercial properties? They just kind of want to keep pushing things out in the hopes rather leasing revenue gets better. So, therefore the performance looks okay or can I get more transparency on the cost of capitals. So you can pull over that property larger than you would have thought and does that I guess relieve some of the pressure from the distress selling part and then the other subside of it is, if a lot of stress properties come out in our and kind of run by actions perhaps if they aren't that difficult to get down or just big portfolios, do you think, that you have a same kind of revenue opportunity as you would in kind of a single sale, difficult transaction kind of scenario?
Brett White: Right. Okay, three good questions in there. And let me hit all of them. First, there are real differences, I believe in the way in which vendors look at operating companies and their debt. And the way that vendors look at assets and the debt against those assets. One of the obvious differences is, on a building, you have a value that can be impeded fairly easily against an asset. So, when you have a building value, that is significantly less than the mortgage, I think it's more difficult for the lender to deal with that issue, but isn't a services company, that's producing trailing 12 or $600 million of EBITDA. And it's a business that produces income and cash flow at a pretty significant level. Our situation, I think is fairly straightforward and most fairly, easily dealt with by Jim and others. But when you're on a building and you've got a $750 billion mortgage on the with $500 million. That's a tough conversation. And the bank I think, that has mortgage in that building is really in a tough position. They have to deal with that mark-to-market. They've got to make a decision around what to do with asset, do they take it back. Do they rework the mortgage. But in almost any of them on an asset, that lender is going to be looking for some infusion of equity into that capital stack, if they are going to do something with -- rework the loan. And so I think what you are -- I think what all that means is that, you are going to see a pick up in distressed selling as we move through the cycle. Now, let me condition that by saying so far, what we have seen is a preponderance of work out. We haven't seen a lot of distressed selling go to the system. But, I think that you are going to see that pick up in the coming months and in coming quarters as these buildings are really forced into a corner, and have to make some fundamental decisions about what to do with these assets, and the folks that are the owners of these buildings have to make some fundamental decisions about whether or not they are going to put equity in to cure some of these issues. Some will, some won't. As it pertains to the volume of that business flowing to the services business, and what we should expect from that, I do believe that we will capture a disproportionate share of those types of sale opportunities, just due the nature of our platform, and the fact that it's dominant, permanent business where the easy first choice to handle those types of tough situations, we have deeper and better relationships with the largest lenders, we've been in it for a long time. We have a lot of expertise around these types of sales and we have a very large business that is right now focused on distressed selling. So I think distress sales provides us a real opportunity for revenue growth, and have and will in the future quarters. Comparing a distress sale to a typical one off discreet asset sale, there's probably some validity (ph) in what you said which is I suppose that we could sell every asset discretely from a different owner on every asset we might really better fee than if we take a portfolio of billion dollars of assets. I think that definitionally true. But we will take it how we can get it and the market is bring us right now some pretty interesting opportunities on bulk properties to be sold.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And do you have enough although historically that's going back, five or 10 years or just in a last couple of quarters, to give you any sense of whether there is kind of a knock-on effect from handling a distressed sale, other portfolio discreet asset, from the perspective are they getting the property management business or getting or retaining the leasing business on that property? So, is there a cross-sell that becomes a little bit easier if the distressed selling manager, to put it that way?
Brett White: The answer is yes. Certainly, in our business what we want is to be in that decision cycle as early as possible. So, when a owner gets control of a property, however they get control of it we'd like to be there in the early days to talk to them about the various things we can do for them to add value to property. So, if we are looking on the sale of a property, and we are introduced to a buyer that way, I would expect that buyer will probably talk to us about how we might increase value on that asset through property management, or leasing or other things we can do.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And...
Brett White: Its only better than the alternative being on the outside watching someone else do it.
Brandon Dobell: Right-right really. Shifting a bit to investment management, how much money is there to put to work within the various funds, are you talking to minimal buying power that you guys need to or dry powder that you have to put to work. And if there is a decent chunk there, is it US focused, international focused, how do you think about the growth in assets under management exclusive of any kind of mark-to-market?
Brett White: Roughly at, right at $2 billion of whole dry powder, most of it in US but we have the ability to do something's in other parts of the world. We are also pursuing some strategies raise new capital. And we are giving some early returns to suggest that we're going to meet with some success there. Certainly, a much different environment. Now, raising capital that was historically but we think we get some new capital raise this year. But to manage that dry powder we have available immediately is about $2 billion. Of course that will be we're able to lever that.
Brandon Dobell: Okay. And that's next question. And then final, into relations to that. In terms of your exposure on the co-invest going forward and where does that stand? As many push backs from the guys who could deal with in terms of want me to put more money on the table, to take some of the risks, those kind of things.
Brett White: Well, yes. A couple of things there. Co-investment exposure and I guess, new co-investment. We've got, today we've got about $85 million of co-investment and as you know we've -- each quarter, we thoroughly examine the value of those portfolios and we have taken some significant write-downs. So, we think we are in pretty good shape there. Although, that all depends on how values go from here on out. And the answer is yes. There is, as you go out to raise capital in this environment, there is a desire on the part of limited partners to see more co-investment. But that's not moving radically at this point. That's moving slowly and because the pace of raising the capital has been relatively slow, I think the market still kind of been feeling out stage as to where that's going to land.
Brandon Dobell: Right. And one more follow up with related to that, given where the balance sheet is right now, you have to balance how much capital you think you can go out and raise with the expectation that you got to protect the balance sheet little bit. So, you can't co-investment a whole lot of money or is co-invest -- even the current requirements or current thought process just not going to make a difference in turns of how your balance sheet looks.
Brett White: We have been ultra careful about every dollar we spend and in the expense sense and we are being ultra careful about every dollar we invest in an investment sense. And yes the status of our balance sheet is something that we are very, very cognizant of as we consider new co-investment opportunities. But we have budget as we in doing intend to do some co-investment.
Brandon Dobell: All right. Great thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you and next question from line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Go ahead.
Will Marks: Hi. Thanks, Bob on the balance sheet can you explain you guys raised money during the quarter did that net debt level did go up I believe its from the payment of bonuses can you may be quantify that and then confirm that did you'd expect in it -- that level to decline throughout the year?
Bob Sulentic: Well we did obviously raised a $150 million of equity and we paid bonuses of about that amount, so in the second quarter, so that was an offset. Our expectation is that we will generate, we will generate some cash in the second quarter from operations that will be -- we're not, as you know giving specific guidance on that but I can just tell you directionally we expect to generate some cash from operations and we expect that to be a benefit to our balance sheet.
Will Marks: And is, the fact that net debt number did go up by 200 million or so during the quarter or even after the capital raise. Is that typical in terms of second quarter, negative operating cash flows if that's the case?
Bob Sulentic: Well, the second quarter is not a strong quarter for operating cash flow and we did have the bonuses, they created a circumstance but our actual net debt was down by $42 million.
Will Marks: Oh, was it during the quarter, okay.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, if you would, if you look Will, the slide deck, page 18 or slide 18.
Will Marks: Okay.
Bob Sulentic: You can see our total net debt went from 1.955 billion -- excuse me, 1.997 million down to 1.995 million or a positive move of $42 million.
Will Marks: Okay.
Bob Sulentic: Which is about right, and let me tell to why that is. The equity we raised about off set bonuses and the second quarter and the environment where you don't expect to generate much cash flow.
Will Marks: Right, okay that makes sense. And, I guess one final comment on -- I've been reading a lot about BOA and I know you guys, do a lot of their business and can you explain how this, the branch reduction, helps or hurts you and if you are working on this?
Brett White: Will, with the bank, they have asked and we very much respect that we not comment about any of their strategies or work around their strategies. The only comment, I would make is that we were very pleased to be awarded the EMEA and Asia Pacific, Latin America portfolio. But, that's really the only thing I want to say about the bank account. That they are understandably -- want us to just remain silent on their activities and our work with them. I apologize for that. I certainly appreciate and understand their position on this.
Will Marks: Fair enough. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And no further questions in queue. Please go ahead, sir's.
Brett White: Well, thanks everyone for your time. We will talk to you in the quarter.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thanks for your participation. You can now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - IR Brett White - President and CEO Bob Sulentic - CFO
Analysts:  Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Will Marks - JMP Securities Brandon Dobell - William Blair Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs  Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley  
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis first quarter conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. And with that, I would now like to turn the conference over to our opening speaker for today, Nick Kormeluk, in Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Welcome to CB Richard Ellis’ first quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website at www.cbre.com. The conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relation section of our website. Also available is the presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our momentum in and possible scenarios for 2009, future operations, expenses, financial performance, performance under our credit facilities and cost savings. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current annual report on Form 10-K Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors which is filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which also includes references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating today are Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Sulentic, our Chief Financial Officer. Also with us for the question and answer session are Gil Borok, our Chief Accounting Officer and CFO of the Americas, and Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer. I would now like to turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick, and good morning, everyone. Before Bob reviews our first quarter results in detail, I do want to highlight what we believe are the most significant actions we took during the quarter. The current macro environment continues to create significant challenges for everyone operating in our industry. On our last earnings call, we noted that our near-term strategy to meet these challenges would be to aggressively manage operating expenses, to seek an amendment to our corporate debt facilities to achieve greater operating flexibility and to remain in compliance with our covenants, to increase market share throughout the current downturn, and to remain prepared with contingency plans to react to positive or negative changes in market conditions. I’m very pleased to report our progress on this strategy. With respect to operating expense management, we had previously announced targeted annual run rate savings of approximately $385 million. To date, we’ve been so successful on our cost cutting efforts. We have now increased our target by approximately $100 million. Please keep in mind that our current 475 to $500 million target excludes the reduction in variable commission and other compensation expense that automatically occur as a result of the company’s reduced transaction revenues. If this variable expense reduction was added to cost cutting target, it would significantly increase the company’s total savings. In the short run, our cost-cutting efforts significantly improved the company’s prospects for profitability. In the longer run, we believe these cuts will prove to have created significant operating leverage in our business. Therefore, the changes in market conditions allow us to achieve revenue growth. We would expect to experience higher growth rates in our profitability. In addition, during the first quarter, we obtained an amendment to our credit agreements. Bob will provide greater detail later in the call. However, I will tell you that by obtaining this amendment, not only do we increase our cushion in the agreement’s key financial covenants, we also obtained much greater flexibility to either repurchase, refinance or renegotiate the debt under this agreement. As anticipated, the spread we are required to pay to the lenders was increased under the amendment. We expect the effective interest rate for 2009 to be similar to our actual 2008 rate due to the decrease in LIBOR from a year ago. We continue to our efforts to increase market share as both producers and clients migrate to higher quality services platform in difficult times. And we believe our efforts are succeeding. For example, in investment sales, we once again captured the number one position in the U.S. with a share of 17.1% as compared to 14.2% in 2008, according to Real Capital Analytics. In addition, the International Association of Outsourcing Professional, IAOP, has announced its top 100 global outsourcing companies across all industries for 2009. I’m pleased to announce that CB Richard Ellis is the highest ranked commercial real estate services company and is ranked eighth overall with the likes of Accenture and IBM. While we are pleased with the progress in implementing our strategy, global economic conditions continue to create significant challenges for all areas of our business. The most significant macro factors directly impacting our business include weak global economic performance, de-leveraging of the global financial system, continuing job losses, corporate bankruptcies, corporate consolidations driven by distressed company sales, capital spending reduction, declining absorption, increasing vacancy rates and declining rental rates, weakening of fundamentals across most businesses, and finally, of course, tough lending conditions. Since second quarter of 2008, these factors and their corresponding impacts on commercial real estate have negatively impacted our revenues across most of our lines of business, and across all geographies. However, in comparing our financial performance in the first quarter of 2009, against the prior year’s first quarter, you should note that the impact of the global economic downturn had not yet resulted in significant revenue declines for the company in the first quarter of 2008. In fact, our first quarter of 2008 revenues were up slightly over the previous year’s first quarter. As we look at our first quarter results, I would note that operating expenses declined 29% over the previous year’s first quarter. Given the previous year’s strong first quarter, 28% of revenue decline Q1 2008 was in line with our expectations. Sales and leasing revenues continue to establish significantly across all geographies and we do not forecast any significant improvement in the near-term. All of our other businesses are performing relatively flat when compared to the run rate performance seen in the first quarter of 2008. Although I will not run through the details, we have attached slide five providing certain U.S. market statistics to illustrate just how challenging vacancy absorption and cap rate trends has been, and are projected to be through the rest of the year. The transactions listed on slide six represent just a sampling of the transactions we completed in the first quarter. Despite much lower activity levels on the transaction side of the business, in the U.S. alone, we still closed almost 600 sale transactions and negotiated about 5,500 leases during the quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to Bob Sulentic, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob?
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brett, and good morning, everyone. Please advance to slide seven. Revenue was $890.4 million for the first quarter, down 27.7% from last year, driven predominantly by weak sales and leasing activity. Normalized EBITDA came in at 54.1 million or a normalized EBITDA margin of 6.1%. The biggest contributor to the decline in adjusted net income and earnings per share was a drop in revenue and resulting lower margins. Cost of the services was down materially, but as percentage of revenue rose to 62.2% from 57.2% in the first quarter last year. This increase was primarily driven by a shift in the mix of revenues with outsourcing, including reimbursables comprising materially greater portion of the total. On a percentage basis, operating expenses of 306.2 million declined further than revenues driven by the implementation of our very effective cost reduction actions. These actions should create tremendous operating leverage when the market turns. I’ll cover this in more detail later. Please turn to slide eight. As mentioned earlier, total revenues increased by 28% in the first quarter from the prior year first quarter. Our property and facilities management business accounted for 44% of total revenues, up from 35% in the fourth quarter. The decline in leasing has accelerated to 32% in the quarter, with this business line representing 30% of total company revenue. This decline was representative of the challenging economic conditions being faced around the globe. Sales revenue dropped to 78 million and represented 9% of our total company revenue. The year-over-year decline of 66% was similar to the percentage decline experienced in fourth quarter of 2008. The Appraisal & Valuation business declined by 28% in the quarter, and comprised 7% of total first quarter 2009 revenue. Global Investment Management revenue was down 14% year-over-year, while Development Services revenue was down 24%, and the Commercial Mortgage Brokerage business was down 33% as the challenges in the credit market continue. Please turn to slide nine. Outsourcing revenues for the first quarter declined 4% on a year-over-year basis. This decline was driven in part by lower reimbursable costs and project management fees as our outsourcing clients focused on lowering both costs and capital expenditures in their businesses. Despite this decline, although our square footage managed grew slightly in the first quarter of 2009 and we continue to have significant success winning new business and expanding mandates with our existing clients. Examples of this, we’re being named by France Telecom as a preferred provider for transaction management, and securing a five-year contract with PepsiCo to provide transaction management services exclusively in the U.S. and on a preferred provider basis in other parts of the globe. Our Restructuring Services Group contributed favorably to results in this quarter with wins for managing, valuing, leasing and disposing of distressed assets. Please turn to slide ten, transaction activity in the U.S. investment sales market weakened further in the first quarter of 2009. Market wide transaction consideration fell approximately 80% compared with the first quarter of last year and totaled just $9.2 billion according to Real Capital Analytics. As Brett noted, in a highly constrained market, CBRE held the number one position with a 17.1% market share, up from 14.2% in the first quarter of 2008. Our Americas sales revenue for the quarter declined 70% on a year-over-year basis. This compares to a decline of 49% for the full year 2008 and 62% in the fourth quarter of 2008. Revenue for CBRE’s Americas leasing business declined 32% in the first quarter of 2009 versus prior year. This compares to an 11% decline in leasing for the full year 2008. The U.S. office vacancy rate increased by 70 basis points in the first quarter of 2009 to 14.7%. Please turn to slide 11. Our investments sales activity in EMEA declined 52% in the first quarter of 2009 relative to the first quarter of 2008. This compares to a 47% sales decline for full year 2008. The total value of investment transactions recorded in the first quarter in Europe fell to just over 11.5 billion euros or $14.9 billion, a 72% decline from the total for the first quarter of 2008. Almost all of Europe was affected, but it was notable that the decline in the U.K. was less than the market average decline at just 62%. CBRE’s revenue from leasing in EMEA declined 33% in the first quarter versus the same quarter in 2008. This compares to only an 8% leasing decline for full year 2008. Leasing market conditions throughout EMEA deteriorated over the first quarter of 2009, as significantly weaker economic conditions led to caution regarding real estate commitments, as well as the increases in the availability of surplus space. Please turn to slide 12. CBRE’s sales revenue in the Asia-Pacific region fell 69% in the first quarter of 2009 versus the prior year first quarter. This compares to a 40% sales decline for the full year of 2008. Although interest in acquiring quality assets in Asia-Pacific remains strong on the part of long-term investors as new funds continue to be established. The persistence in the global credit crunch, uncertainty of the market direction and significant bid offer price gaps continue to deter major investment activity. CBRE’s leasing revenue in Asia-Pacific fell 33% in the first quarter versus prior year first quarter. This compares to a 6% increase for the full year 2008. We have started to see a pick up in activity in China following the Chinese New Year in early February, as a result of the government stimulus and we’re hopeful that this trend continues to build. Please turn to slide 13. Revenue for the Development Services segment was down 25% to 20.9 million in the first quarter of 2009. Operating results for the first quarter of 2009 improved due to our cost-cutting efforts. The results included the one-time expenses in the amount of $800,000 associated with these cost containment efforts, as well as net write-downs of impaired assets in the amount of $900,000. At March 31, 2009, in-process development totaled $5.4 billion, down approximately 14% from a year ago levels. The pipeline at March 31, 2009 totaled $1.5 billion, down approximately 46% from the year ago levels. The combined total of $6.9 billion of in-process and pipeline activity is down 24% from year ago levels of $9.1 billion. Our core investment in this business was $96 million at quarter end. There continues to be a very low level of activity in the development business and this is not expected to improve in 2009. Please turn to slide 14. Global Investment Management revenue was $37.3 million for the first quarter of 2009 as compared to $39.5 million in the first quarter of 2008. The decline resulted from a reduction in acquisition, disposition and incentive fees as compared to the first quarter of 2008. Asset management fees were up for the quarter to $33.6 million versus $32.8 million in the first quarter of 2008. Assets under management totaled 36 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2009. This total was down 6% from year end 2008, reflecting a drop in property values globally, as well as negative foreign currency impact. Our assets under management are down 18% from a first quarter 2008 peak of 43.7 billion, driven by the decline in commercial real estate values. Co-investments at the end of the quarter totaled $67 million. Our Global Investment Management EBITDA reconciliation detail is shown on slide 15. EBITDA was impacted by a net cash write-down of investments of $5.2 million attributable to decreased property valuation. In the first quarter of 2009, we did not realize any carried interest revenue and we reversed 3.1 million of previously accrued carried interest compensation expense as compared to the first quarter of 2008, in which we accrued $5.3 million of carried interest compensation expense. As of March 31, 2009, the company still maintains a cumulative accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $20 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. This segment’s EBITDA margin in the first quarter of 2009 was adversely impacted by a catch-up depreciation expense adjustment reflected in equity earnings. Please turn to slide 16. As market conditions have weakened, we’ve continued to aggressively attack costs in our business. To date, the actions taken, while difficult, have been necessary and correspond to lower levels of activity across the enterprise. These reductions have been executed so as to not put our ability to serve clients at risk and to position us to participate fully when the market turns positively. Franchise preservation is the key reason these reductions have taken multiple quarters to both identify and implement on a worldwide basis. Relative to the first quarter of 2008, operating expenses this quarter were down 29.2%, representing a larger decrease than the drop in revenue, which was 27.7%. I’ll now hit a few highlights. On our previously announced 385 million cost savings plan, all actions have been implemented. We are now raising this target by approximately $100 million to achieve between $475 million and $500 million in total annual savings versus 2007. Of this amount, roughly $435 million will flow through 2009 results versus the 2007 base year. These are changes to operating expenses that are in addition to variable expenses or commission expense declines that result from lower revenue. To achieve these savings, we incurred $7.9 million of one-time cost containment expenses in the first quarter, and $35.3 million of cumulative one-time expenses over the trailing 12 months. We’re remaining frugal with CapEx spending, and anticipate 2009 CapEx will be approximately $30 million, or about $50 million below our 2007 annual spend of around $80 million. Please turn to slide 17. We are very pleased to have successfully amended our credit agreement just before the end of the quarter. You may have seen press release we issued on the amendment on March 24th. Today we want to cover some of the highlights. We increased our leverage ratio covenant to 4.25 times from 3.75 times and reduced our interest coverage covenant to two times from 2.25 times for eight quarters. Importantly, we are now able to add back up to $225 million to covenant EBITDA due to the cost containment actions we are so focused on. Up to 75 million of this amount is based on trailing 12-month one-time cost containment expenses. On a trailing 12-month basis at the end of the first quarter of 2009, the actual add back was $35.3 million. And up to $150 million can be added back for actions taken on run rate savings where the savings have not yet been realized. The amount available for add back in the first quarter of 2009 was well in excess of the $150 million cap. As a result of the amendment, we are now able to buyback our term loans at a discount, subject to some limitations. And we are also able to make loan modification offers to existing debt holders. We prepaid $105.5 million of our outstanding term loans. This covers what would have otherwise been paid in March and June. Under the amended terms of our credit agreement, the effective interest rate for 2009 will be similar to our actual 2008 interest rate, despite the new higher spreads. This is true due to the fact that LIBOR is lower this year than last. Without the amendment, our 2009 rate would have been lower than the 2008 rate. At 03/31/09, our revolver in term A loans were both at LIBOR plus 3.25%, and term loans A1 and B were at LIBOR plus 4%, both with a LIBOR flow of 2%. This resulted in an average rate at the end of the first quarter of 2009 of 5.6% before accounting for [SWOT]. On slide 18, we’ve illustrated our new financial ratio covenant requirements and debt maturity schedule through 2010. As you will notice, our leverage ratio, which is the net debt to EBITDA, at the end of the first quarter provided us with substantial room under the new maximum ratio permitted of 4.25 times. This leverage ratio at March 31, 2009 was 2.78 times as compared to 3.28 times at December 31, 2008. Our trialing 12-month interest coverage ratio was 5.89 time. Please turn to slide 19. Excluding the mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and the non-recourse development services real estate loans, our total net debt at the end of first quarter of 2009 was approximately two billion. This represents a 2% increase from year end 2008 or $47 million increase. Our revolver balance increased in the first quarter of 2009 as we prepaid $105.5 million in scheduled amortization on our term loans. Paid the fees associated with amending our credit agreement, and made draw-downs in anticipation of paying 2008 incentive compensation early in the second quarter of 2009, as well as to fund some seasonal working capital requirements. In connection with the amendment, the company incurred $29.3 million write-off of the financing cost in the first quarter of 2009, of which 11.1 million related to the amendment fees incurred. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thanks, Bob. And if everyone, would please turn to slide 20. Market conditions continue to make it unrealistic to attempt to provide any specific earnings guidance for the business. As it relates to macro trends that will impact results for remainder of 2009, we believe the following; for investment sales, while our expectations are low, but sales may pick up towards the end of the year. Leasing activity will stay weak until we start to see recovery in economic performance and meaningful job growth. Our Outsourcing business will continue to see growth in client base, but will be challenged by the macroeconomic headwinds described earlier. We also continue to believe the Global Investment Management and Development Services business will have muted results until investment sales pickup. Given these expectations, our strategy remains consistent. We’ll focus on providing great service to our clients, we’ll continue to aggressively attack cost for the duration of the downturn, we’ll focus on improving our balance sheet aided by the increased flexibility afforded by our credit agreement amendment, and we’ll aggressively compete for market share. We, of course, know that the commercial real estate market will turn. And when it does, the actions that we have taken to preserve our geographic presence and services offered, together with a reduction of operating expenses, will enable us to disproportionately grow market share and earnings versus the rest of our industry. Until the overall market improves, we believe our largest opportunities will exist for our businesses that focus on outsourcing, trust property management, asset restructuring and disposition, and within certain areas of Global Investment Management. I’d like to thank our people for their tremendous support, incredibly hard work and tireless efforts over the past year. Our employees have remained focused on generating the best results possible, are being asked to dramatically reduce our operating expenses, and our people that drive CBRE’s success that will extend our market leadership position. Operator, we’d now like to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  You’d alluded to your operating margins being weaker for a couple of reasons. I was wondering if you could just elaborate on that, your gross margins, and what needs to be done to get those back up into the 40s where they’ve run historically?
Brett White:  Sure. Anthony, this is Brett. Let me just make a few general comments and I’ll turn the question over to Bob, who’ll hit it specifically. But the two points I’d make, Anthony, first of all, what you are seeing in margins in our business late last year and early this year is primarily a result of mix. So as you see the precipitous decline in transaction activity globally, which are traditionally higher margin businesses, you are now seeing a much higher [rating] of revenues in the 40% range coming from the outsourcing businesses and these are lower margin businesses. That’s the main story. And before I turn it over to Bob, I would like to make a point about margins. Our margins may have been a bit lower than you expected, and I read that in your report last night, do keep in mind, our margins are materially higher than any competitor we have in the business. And we think we do an exceptionally good job of managing the business to produce profits and not just revenues. So with that comment, Bob, I’ll let you answer the question on gross margins.
Bob Sulentic:  Thanks, Brett. And Anthony, Brett hit the high points. There’s really two things. Number one, in our cost of services, there is an element of fixed cost even though there is large variable cost tied to production in those numbers, and that’s for our transactional businesses, there is an element of fixed cost. And then, secondly, as Brett said, we now experienced at the end of the first quarter that 44% of our revenues were our management businesses, which were by far the most stable revenues and we’re very-very glad they are there at this point in the market cycle, they do operate on different margins than our transactional businesses. Our view of this is we want to see those margins come back up, but we think that being where we are today is indicative of the fact that we’re going to have great opportunity for operating leverages as things turns around.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Okay. And what kind of EBITDA margin did facilities management run at in the first quarter?
Bob Sulentic:  Around 10%.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Okay. So does that then suggest that some of the other big segments like leasing and sales like lost EBITDA?
Bob Sulentic:  We don’t think any of our segments lost EBITDA, but they certainly operated at lower margins, again given the fixed cost element associated with them.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan:  Okay. And then, my last question is with respect to the balance sheet, looking out of over the balance of this year and even into 2010, where you’ve got some principal repayment and just thinking about where your EPS level seems to be penciling out in this downturn, how do you put some parameters or give us some comfort that you have capacity to meet your principal payments and also, not necessarily tripped any covenants as you look forward given just how depressed EBITDA is getting?
Brett White:  Sure. Again, it’s Brett. I’ll will start with a general answer and turn to Bob to give the specifics. Couple of points I’d make, Anthony. First of all, we believe that in 2008 and the first quarter of 2009, EBITDA we produced in the business exceeded all of our public competitors and our largest private competitor combined. So the first point I’d make is that this company is producing materially and significantly more EBITDA than the industry. And that will continue to be the case in 2009 when first of the, there will be a very good EBITDA production this year, although the first quarter because of the compare last year was relatively light, as it always is. Second, we have in our finance impact, of course, revolver which has good capacity in it. We use that in the cash light quarters then repay that back later in the year. I fully expect that this year 2009, a combination of cash generated from the business, and if necessary, a slight contribution from revolver will be more than sufficient to cover all of our financing costs and amortization interest needs. But, Bob, do you want to add some color to that?
Bob Sulentic:  Yes. Again that’s the cash flow from operations and the financing capacity we have today that we’ll certainly call upon. Anthony, we’re very, very carefully modeling what we think will happen in the components of our business going forward. And with the amendment to our covenants that we recently achieved, we’ve got a lot of flexibility to do things, to raise capital downstream that we didn’t have before. We have the ability to repurchase debt, we have the ability to modify tranches of our existing credit facility, we have the ability to issue equity or subordinated debt. And in the area of issuing equity, we’re going to be very, very careful obviously. We don’t want to do anything that’s too dilutive. But we do have some options that we’re studying here. And as I said, we’re modeling our business very closely. So I think the flexibility that we now have under the amended terms of our credit agreement will give us the maneuvering room we need. And one of the things we’re not going to do is act too precipitously because financing is expensive. Whether we raise debt or raise equity, it would be expensive. So we’re proceeding carefully. But we do have the flexibility to address this as it unfolds.
Brett White:  I would just add to that, Anthony. Let me be very clear about this. We have absolutely no plans currently to do either of those things, to either issue equity or hit the subordinate debt market. What Bob’s referring to is in the amendment we added the opportunity to do that, where the markets do deteriorate and get a lot worse and we need to do it. But at the moment, we don’t expect to do that.
Operator:  And thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Will Marks with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  Thank you. Good morning, Bob. Good morning, Brett. A couple of questions, one is that I was impressed with basically net debt level remaining flat during the quarter. Were all your bonuses typically paid in the first quarter? Is there any reason why debt would spike up in the second quarter?
Bob Sulentic:  Will, good morning. We paid about $200 million of bonuses after the end of the quarter, and just a notable statistic on that, our leverage ratio was 2.78 times. Had we paid those bonuses in the quarter, our leverage ratio would been 2.9 times. So still at a very, very acceptable level. And when you run the math on that, you may say, how do you get to that. Part of the cash we used for those bonuses was U.S. cash and part of the cash was foreign cash. So when you run through the numbers or that’s where our leverage ratio would’ve come out, still a very acceptable level.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  And that would be the ratio as it applies to the covenant, correct?
Bob Sulentic:  Absolutely.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  Okay. Great. And second question, in the past you’ve talked about the cost cutting on the comp line at approximately 600 million as it relates to just natural cost cutting from lower commissions, can you reaffirm that number or discuss it?
Bob Sulentic:  Well, it’s difficult to be too precise with that number, Will, simply because, as you know, the commission schedule as you drop down through levels of earnings is not the same at every level. So you can’t be precise. What we can tell you is, we raised our target for non-commission, non-variable driven compensation to between 475 and 500 million. We’re quite confident that the variable, what you call the natural or automatic, portion will be in excess of that. It should be nicely in excess of that.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  Okay. And then, as it relates to the new cost, can you refresh us a little bit on the costs here you made? It is basically a 25% cut from 2007 operating (inaudible), so maybe just comfortable that that’s not going to impact revenues at all, or maybe it will?
Brett White:  No. Will, this is Brett. I don’t expect that these [cost cutting] we made will impact revenues whatsoever. Well, I think it may appear we’ve been extremely aggressive in cost cutting in the sense we have been. We have a lot experience in this, and this is certainly not the first deep cost-cutting effort this company has been through. In fact, in the last 10 years, it’s probably the fifth. So we know where to cut the cost, we know how to cut the cost, and it’s something that’s just part of the culture here. So where we reduced costs are in areas that do not have a direct impact on the revenue-facing component of the business. I think that that should hold through with the numbers. You’ve seen that generally speaking our revenue reductions are less than the market, our revenues are going down and that should imply we’re increasing market share while at the same reducing cost. And it’s a delicate balance to walk, but we we’re walking it very well at the moment.
Bob Sulentic:  And just to add to that, Will, we haven’t exited any business lines, we haven’t exited any markets anywhere in the world, and we think we’ve done a very thoughtful job of paring excess costs out of all the business lines and all the markets in operate in around the world.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  Can you maybe give me say, three examples, of maybe -- you had two office managers in one situation and you got rid of one, or you cut travel in a certain capacity? Just anything would be helpful?
Bob Sulentic:  Well, Will, I mean I’ll give you a general answer because we’re talking about a company with 30,000 employees in almost 500 offices around the world. There are literally tens of thousands of ways that you cut cost at a local basis, but it flows through all those lines, Will, and all the others as well. So, for example, just travel on our team, that line around the world has been reduced very, very significantly from prior year levels. If you look at things such as just the base salary line across staffing, it’s come down significantly because we’ve let staff go and we’ve reduced salaries across the board. And if you look at money we’re spending for marketing and business promotion, because revenues available at the moment from the transaction businesses are much lower, we don’t need to spend as much in marketing and business promotion. The personnel reductions, Will, generally fall in some fairly straight forward categories. It’s middle management, it’s back-office staffing, it’s lower producing sales professionals, unprofitable sales professionals, and that’s not a big component of it in the States, but in Europe where they are salaried, it can be. In some cases, we’ve downsized offices and we’ve got some extra capacity there to deal with. But, Will, it’s in every component of cost and significantly in every component of cost.
Will Marks - JMP Securities:  Okay. That’s great. Thank you for that. I’m going to leave you with one final question. And that is, you’ve talked about you cut your commissions split slightly and I believe at the lowest level of downturn from 50 to 48%, can you just tell us if you’ve seen any impact on brokers leaving?
Bob Sulentic:  Yes. Actually, we did mention that in the call, the commission rates in the industry for the first time in my career came down this year. And so, we and most of the major competitors out there and some of the smaller competitors dropped commission rates a bit. It is nothing hugely meaningful, but to us because so much of our costs come through the commission line, it does add up, and it gave us nice pickup on cost savings. But it’s not particularly meaningful for the producer. It’s a couple of percentage points, but it applies across the whole population of producers, it’s not just the low end producers. And by the way, there was no impact. As far as I know, we didn’t have a single employee walk out of the door for all the obvious reasons; first, [everyone else] was getting commission. Second, we believe we have the preeminent platform in the business. It’s hard to imagine why someone would walk away and go to a lesser competitive player.
Operator:  Our next question then comes from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  Hi. Thanks. Brett, I am going to change direction here for a second. It doesn’t seem like the Investment Management business is putting an awful lot of capital work, I think, that’s probably the same across the industry. But how should we look at that as a proxy for either inflexion point in the business for investment sales, or as a proxy for, I guess, your confidence in the overall direction of the market? Should IM be kind of a leading indicator or is it going to lag for a while as you guys get comfortable with the overall macro?
Brett White:  That’s a great question. It should be, I think, a bit of a leading indicator because the funds within that business tend be oriented a little towards value add/opportunistic side of the spectrum. So that would indicate to me, and I think to you, that they would be out looking for opportunities in this market, distress opportunities, and in fact, they have done that. And so, you’ve seen in the past quarters some fairly significant acquisitions in New York and Houston that they made, the New York acquisition was quite high profile. And I think was one of the few significant capital markets’ transactions in New York in the first quarter. The viewpoint from the investment management company at the moment is that while we may not be at the bottom or certainly bouncing near it, in their business, it’s not really critical that they time their reentry at bottom. It’s certainly critical that they time their reentry near it. And so, they are now, I would say, fairly aggressively scouring the market for opportunities. And I think, you’ll see them as the year plays out pick up more and more properties at good distressed values. We do believe that on the yield side, certainly in the U.K. yields have probably stopped expanding. Values are still declining because rental rates are coming down. In the States, I think we’re getting close to that. I think you’re getting about to where yields are going to get to on the top end. Values, of course, still should coming down a bit because leasing rates are coming down. I think you’ll find that the more aggressive [and sound] investment management firms out there, and we’re certainly not the only one. You’ll find that, right now, I think those firms believe that the equity they have parked in the sidelines, it’s probably time to start beginning to put that equity to work in a very careful manner.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  That’s helpful. From a different perspective, you mentioned with the broker split coming down whether it’s the first time you’ve seen, has that same thing happened from a pricing perspective? Are your customers pushing back on you saying we haven’t lowered commission rates historically for you guys, but given the macro, we’re going to have to do it in investment sales and leasing, or are you seeing any other trends that we should be aware of?
Bob Sulentic:  It’s probably counterintuitive, but it works in opposite fashion, Brandon. So, what happens is, in a distressed marketplace such as this one, owners who had empty space tend to pay actually higher commission rates during these cycles then do in very hot cycles where I think lot of owners think that leasing is a little bit easier than it maybe right now. Same thing holds true on the sales side of the business. In fact, the last time that we saw leasing commission rates increase in last 20 years was a last from down cycle in the early 1990s, where the convention of a commission and a half on large office leases was really introduced. It never went away by the way. And in this marketplace, we’re seeing commission rates certainly not decline. If anything, they’re inching up a little bit.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  Okay. And then, final question from me, in the Outsourcing business, kind of two-part question; first, how do we think about those contracts and how they’re structured in terms of minimums that are truly in place versus how much flexibility the customers have around cutting or adding reimbursable employees, and I don’t know it’s kind of a huge profit impact, but I know it’s a revenue impact for us. And then, second thing is, did you see an acceleration of that kind of cutting reimbursables trend in the quarter? Just trying to get a sense of how we model that on a sequential basis going forward with a give and take of new adds versus reimbursables going away.
Bob Sulentic:  Yes. It’s a great question, again, and it’s something that we’re spending a lot of time on as well. This market is different than any downturn, obviously than any of us have seen in our business careers. And one of manifestations of this very different marketplace is that we’re seeing for the first time a significant churn in the corporate world. We’re seeing large corporations go out of business, we’re seeing very large corporations really fighting for their lives. And so, what’s happening here really is two different levers working in opposition of one another. On the positive side, this very distressed marketplace is forcing corporations, who have never considered outsourcing before, to very seriously consider outsourcing. And we’re seeing a number of very large opportunities begin to enter the marketplace from companies who’ve never outsourced before. That’s very good news. And that trend which [is going to say] in the industry many, many years is certainly accelerating. So in the long run what we’re seeing right now is very, very helpful dynamic in the long -term growth prospects for that business. In the short-term, however, there are some real challenges in that business. And those challenges related around, first, as I mentioned, the consolidation of the corporate world. The companies going bankrupt, companies really in the fight for their life. When companies go bankrupt, those are clients that go away and that revenue just disappears. Second, companies are slashing costs in a very, very aggressive fashion right now. And so, what that causes them to do is that we are their third party provider, they’re asking us to reduce the number of reimbursable employees that are being used to service that account. So that’s a reduction in revenues for us and it’s reduction in cost for them. I believe that that trend, the real pressure on reduction on reimbursable employees, the trend to re-bid some of these contracts, try and get lower pricing, you’re going to see that for the balance of 2009. I suspect that’s not a very long-term trend, but I expect it will take place for the balance of this year. And certainly, that’s what you saw, and the major firms that do this work, you’ve seen that in their numbers. That although there is a good trend towards any increased volume of business in the outsourcing space, the revenues in this world looked like they were flat the last three months. And that’s the countervailing dynamic about reduction of reimbursed employees.
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of [Sloan Bohlen] with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs : Good morning. First question just sort of a big picture question for Brett. As you think about leverage, I guess, in the near-term you’re mostly looking at using free cash flow from operations, and potentially it’s more on the line. But when you think longer term, is there a strategy in place, or how do you think about what the appropriate level of leverage in the business is?
Brett White:  Sure. Let me go back to Bob’s answer from earlier and reiterate that and maybe some of that some of that may provide some more color. Sloan, all of this is based on macro modeling. And as we’ve talked about I think great length last couple of years, we are always modeling this business a number of different ways. We have worse case models, which has seen a significant further deterioration in the market. We have base case models that assume a little bit of improvement in the capital markets at the end of this year, and we’ve got optimistic models, which assume a fairly rapid recovery in capital markets followed by a recovery out of recession fairly soon. Depending on which model you pick, you would choose the different outcome on balance sheet. So the base case model implies one thing, the downside model implies another. Certainly, it would be fairly easy for us together to develop a downside model that would indicate that de-levering the company would be a prudent thing to do. If we’re not able to do from free cash available from the business could occur through some of the mechanisms that Bob referenced. We do have the ability in the amendment to raise equity to pay down debt if that’s necessary. We do have the ability to raise subordinated debt if that’s necessary. As I said at the moment, we don’t have any plans to do that, but we do have optionality now, and we didn’t have that optionality prior to the amendment. So one of the big news items to us in the quarter is we feel we’ve given firm back the optionality it needs to deal with this issues. So at the moment, we feel fairly comfortable that in 2009 the cash from operations or revolver, these tools we have will be sufficient to deal with amortization and interest payment. But if the market will deteriorate further or if the market didn’t show any improvement in 2010, we might need to tap in some of those other mechanisms we have available. There is no doubt about the fact that one way or another in the next two years we intend to do some de-levering. We’re quite hopeful that de-levering will be fully accommodated by performance in the business and cash from operations. If it’s not, we have other tools now that are available to us in our war chest. Let me ask, Bob, anything you want to add to that?
Bob Sulentic:  No, I think you hit it, Brett. If I would add one thing, I would just reiterate what we’ve already said and that is our capacity to generate profit in this business when things start to turn is exceptional. The positive operating leverage we should experience should be exceptional and we think there maybe a very natural opportunity to de-lever significantly.
Brett White:  Yes. I want to add something to that point, because, I think, we talked a lot before the call amongst ourselves of what we thought the big new items were for all of you from the quarter and from the period of time we’re in this downturn. I think that point is probably to us the most important point about our future prospects. And perhaps the point that gets missed most by our analysts and investors and that is, with the amount of cost we’ve taken out of this business, while at the same time accreting market share that in itself is an amazing thing. To be able to grow share, retain all of fee producing employees and reduce what now we believe will be in excess of 475 to $500 million of OpEx. A fairly modest improvement to the revenue line, has terrific leverage down to the net income line. And if you go back and look at our performance in 2002, ‘03 and ’04, even though the leasing markets were deteriorating, we began to onboard products in a very aggressive way. I think the up cycle coming out of here, we onboard products even more aggressively at a higher rate than we did then. And to give you some color on that, I would very, very disappointed if this firm didn’t materially outpace any of our competitors and our ability to grow profits when you see a bottoming in a mild recovery in this marketplace.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs : Thanks. That’s helpful. And then, just one quick question on Investment Management business, could you remind us of how much equity you guys have to put to use? And then, maybe if you can frame just what kind of return expectations or leverage that equity could use going forward [as the year goes]?
Brett White:  Sure. We’ve got about 2 billion on the sideline right now, unlevered. And it’s a great question, what returns do we look for off that 2 billion? Ironically, you might look for pretty strong returns off that 2 billion, because that money will be placed somewhere near the bottom of a ferocious down cycle. I really don’t want to quote a hurdle here because I don’t know what they are currently quoting to their LPs. I know the range, but I better not quote it. But let’s just say that if I had money to place into an investment management anytime over the last five years, I think I’d place it this year. It just seems to me that the opportunity to see outsize growth in values and commercial real estate are fairly obvious at the moment. And if we have a patient time frame, something in the, I think, four- to six-year time frame, [which those ones had] these ought to be pretty terrific returns.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs : Okay. And then, I guess, speaking more generally to Brandon’s question before, are those returns just in general becoming closer where [it’s been] bid outspread for what people are looking for in terms of seller cap rates. Are we getting closer in terms of that bid outspread?
Bob Sulentic:  I think we’re getting closer. I think that as we’ve said on the last call during the fourth quarter, our current expectation is that during 2009, you will see the capital markets for commercial real estate bottom, and you will see an increasing velocity of transactions in the investment property space this year. I don’t think there will be anything to write home about. I certainly wasn’t in the first quarter. I don’t think it will be in the second quarter or perhaps not the third. But I would be surprised if by the end of this year, we didn’t see a pick up in that business. So that’s our expectation at the moment. That’s based on a significant narrowing of the bid outspread. I would say as we’ve mentioned before that in the U.K., we actually think we’re quite close to that point. There are real indications in that business and the valuations there of course are much more transparent than they are out here. But we have lot of indications in the U.K. and more broadly in Europe. We’re getting pretty close to that point. I think in the U.S., there’s not a lot of debate anymore about where valuations are. I would say though that at where valuations are you don’t have really sellers unless they are forced sellers. These valuations are down significantly. And I think a lot of owners if they are able to hold certainly believe it is in their best interest to do so, so that will constrain velocity somewhat.
Operator:  And thank you. Our next question comes from the line of [Vikram Malhotra] with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley : Hi. Thanks. It’s actually Vikram in for Vance. I just had a couple of quick questions. First is on the leasing side, you talked a bit about changes in the commission rates and actually seeing an increase in the fees that you can actually get to even though it’s a downturn. Can you talk a little bit about that the lease terms, specially in renewals, clients looking to shorten that. Is it regional, [they have got] any trend you’re seeing there?
Brett White:  Sure. Well, looking at leasing revenues, what you’ll find is that the decline we talked about in leasing revenues, which were about 30% globally, plus or minus couple 100 basis points in any one geography, that is split not evenly but fairly evenly between velocity and value on the revenue, a little bit 50 and 80% down on velocity, [like amount of] value. And so what you’re seeing then is what we’ve always talked about occurs in the down cycle in leasing, which is, first, the tenant, if they are able, want to shorten the terms of their leases, they want to commit to the least amount of space possible, there are very conservative. It’s ironic, of course, because in a down cycle probably the prudent thing to do is to extend your lease as long as you can, or write a new lease as long as you can, and take advantage of the down rents, the strategy that we use with our tenant clients. And what you do see occur in the marketplace now is lot of tenants going back to owners well-ahead of the expiration of lease and offering more term for a less space rent. It’s called blend and extended, it’s a little silly term. But that’s what people do. So they’ve got four years left on their lease, they are Midtown Manhattan, 100,000 square feet. They are probably going back down right now and saying, listen, while we write this lease for 10 years, 15 years, but the face rate I’m paying now, it’s $68 a foot, I’ll offer you 45 or offer you 50. Those types of conversations are very prevalent in the marketplace right now. And I’d say that is the trend that you would expect to see in this market. That provides by the way some descent velocity to leasing business where there might be that velocity when you think about it at first blush that is supportive to the business.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley : I imagine typically in Asia and in parts of Europe, the lease terms, it could be a little shorter. Are you seeing that occurring there as well?
Brett White:  Well, in Europe, it depends on the market. For example, U.K. lease terms can be very long terms. So I would just rather than go market-by-market, [typically], it will take hours, I think, generally speaking, you can count on what I told you, which is lease rates are coming down, that’s a negative on the revenues. Term to a lot of tenants, if their leases are coming up right now, they’ve signed a 10-year lease, they maybe sign a shorter-term lease. Other tenants, I think, more forward-looking, longer-term thinking tenants are actually doing the opposite. They are going in early and they are trying to extent leases and take advantage of lower term right now. All that together brings the type of decline in leasing revenues that you saw on the quarter, about 30%. And I think what you’re going to see for the balance this year is rents are going to continue to be pressured. We think vacancy rates in the U.S. office space may peak as high as close to 20% by early to mid next year. And so, there are ways to go on the leasing side. There isn’t any great news out there at the moment. But you do all this countervailing dynamics there depending on which kind of tenant is in the marketplace, and what their viewpoint on their own business is.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley : Okay. Thanks. And then, just on the Outsourcing segment of your business. I imagine that you said more clients wanting to outsource, even new clients coming in. I imagine there are more people also in terms of the providers trying to get a piece of that business. Two sides; one, when companies turn to you, I mean, apart from price, what are they really looking at? And then, when they say, okay, they choose someone else, what are the main factors for them doing that?
Bob Sulentic:  Sure. Let me [dissect] that business first. When it comes to large global outsourcing business, I believe there are really only two providers out there that are viewed as seriously competitive in that business. So, very large Fortune 500 Corporation is going to outsource globally, it really in most cases, it comes down to two providers, it’s ourselves and Jones Lang LaSalle. Great competitor of ours, they do a terrific job in that space, and our two firms, I think, compete head to head daily, virtually every large outsourcing contract. Why does one win over the other? It’s selling. We all bring to the table competencies that they can well serve to those clients, relationships play a role playable, the competency and depth of the team that actually is going to work on that account certainly plays a role. There are a lot of factors that come into why one firm wins over another firm. But I would say between those two top firms, we’re both out there fighting hard. I think if you could actually add the numbers up, I think that the numbers show that we certainly are the dominant firm in that business and have a materially larger share of the overall global outsourcing business than any other firm. But in today’s marketplace, those two firms are competing very well head to head. Behind them, those two firms, you have a lot of outsourcing work that goes out on a more regional basis or in a single business line basis. So you may have a client that goes out and says, we’re just going to outsource transaction management. When that happens, you now introduce dozens of competitors that can play in that space. If they’re just going to outsource facilities management, you have players like Johnson Controls or others that can play in that space. And then you get into other reasons why one firm wins over another. I think, as we think about outsourcing, as our investors and analysts think about outsourcing, the things to think about and they are important to remember are these; first, the trend to outsource the basic service around commercial real estate, owned or occupied by corporation, is going to increase over time. That is the fundamental dynamic in the business that is not going to change. Second, the ante to play in that game has been raised materially every year the last 10 years. And what that’s done? It has squeezed out almost every competitor from being able to compete in the highest level of the outsourcing games, which leaves us with really just a couple or maybe three firms that can do that work on a global basis. That trend, the upping of the ante, the amount of technology and resource and people we have to assign these accounts will continue to make this game a really a two firm, perhaps a three firm game. It is just not possible for regional firm or a firm that’s not well-capitalized to compete for a global outsourcing contract. It’s just not possible. So, these are very supportive, very positive dynamics behind our business. And it’s the reason why you’re seeing this downturn, how important outsourcing has become for CB Richard Ellis. And it will continue to be important.
Vikram Malhotra - Morgan Stanley : Okay. Thanks. And just last question for Bob. There were quite a few adjustments, I just wanted to make sure, was there any NOL this quarter, and is that going to impact the tax rate going forward?
Bob Sulentic:  There was one discrete item that impacted our tax rate this quarter that actually made the tax rate a bit nonsensical for the quarter. But beyond that, we don’t expect anything.
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair:  I wanted to follow-up on the previous commentary. I guess, just trying to get a sense of your level of confidence now versus -- it does seem like that your tone, Brett, is a little bit different than we heard maybe a three months ago or six months. Is it just because you kind of made it through the debt stuff and you made it through Q1 without having a major issue? Or do you see signs out there that you feel like you are a lot closer to a bottom than you were three months ago?
Brett White:  This is the question as to why have I been so negative the last three years and why am I little more positive now, I love it. So the last two year’s, we’re about to hit worst down cycle in history. I’ve nothing to criticize to be negative, right? Because I tell you that look, we’re not going to mince words with you guys. We saw this downturn coming. We knew it’s going to be ugly, and it was train wreck. And thank goodness, we took that view. Because we got [that cost] a while ago and it has been a really magnificent effort by our people to get cost out of business. So, if I sound a bit more positive today, I would say it’s based on these things; first, this amendment that we got was something quite unusual. I know it’s a long document, I’ve had few people tell, it’s put them to sleep at page 50, and it’s a 112 page document. It’s a pretty incredible thing, and it showed us two things; one, it showed the great support and confidence that our long-term lenders have in this company. They gave us optionality and gave us permission to do things to control our own destiny, I think, are very unusual in credit agreement amendments. And it’s a huge boost in confidence to us and a gesture of confidence from them to us. Second, in that amendment, I think, it demonstrated that it’s a competency we have here in the firm. We’re creative, we’re aggressive, we have a terrific Treasurer in Debbie Fan. We have a terrific individual in Jim Groch, our Chief Investment Officer, who spent a lot of time working with our own team internally and then with our primary lenders to come up with an amendment that will serve us well down the road. So we feel very, very good about that. Second, and I’ll be frank with you, the amount of cost that our managers and employees have been able to take out this business is well beyond a number I thought was achievable. And this company, as you know, we’re highly focused on margins, so maybe we take an inordinate amount of pride in that. I’m not sure we want to be known as a company that cuts cost, well, but frankly, we are. To talk about a number, a $500 million as a cost target, you know if we throw it out there, we damn well intend to beat it, is a pretty incredible thing. And that amount of cost reduction gives me a greatest confidence that the optionality for us in our own hands. And we have the ability here now to control our destiny and deal with this very, very difficult marketplace. I would add to that the point you made which is I don’t know -- look, we’re certainly not at bottom in leasing yet. And the leasing market is under a lot of stress and it’s going to be stressful for a while. The capital markets, I think, we’re getting there. I believe we’re bouncing along the bottom. I don’t think it’s going to get hugely worse, almost impossible to imagine that it could. And I do think there’s a reasonable opportunity for it to improve in 2009. I hope I’m not wrong on that. So all that combined, a terrific amendment, really Herculean efforts on cost cutting far outsize than anything else we’ve seen in the industry. Very high morale inside the company, people here, I think, feel that we are absolutely on the right path, doing the right things, grabbing share, cutting cost, a good relationship with our lenders. Those things together give me a sense of confidence that you’re right, probably, it wasn’t as strong two quarters ago.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Okay. And then, one final one for you. Kind of from a management philosophy perspective, you talked about rapid pace of earnings growth as the market recovers. How should we think about how quickly you start to replace some of the costs you cut out? Or maybe some that take a year to before you are comfortable putting them backend. Some that are immediately put back, maybe it’s broker splits. How do we think about your philosophy addressing some of the (inaudible), lean organization right now as things start to get better for you?
Brett White:  Well, I’d like to say there is a science around, but there isn’t. Here’s how I think it plays out. In our industry, and I expect it’s probably the same in most industries, certainly most service industries, when you take this amount of cost out, there are some impacts from that. One is, the effort to take out is enormous. And I think that at the management level, right down to the office level, it makes people think twice about onboarding people and onboarding expense when the market begins to improve. They remember what it was like to go in the conference room and sit down with an employee who has been with them for 20 years, that’s got kids in school, and a family to feed, and let him go. That is no fun. And it’s something that we loathe doing. And the impact of that is that people tend to remember that for a while. And yet, as sure as I’m sitting here today, I can tell you eight years from now, seven years from now, even as tight as we are on the expense base. Those are expenses again, because you’ll have written a very, very strong return to the marketplace. We’ll rationalize investments that probably shouldn’t meet the test. We’ll probably bring on a few more people than we need to bring on and we’ll need another event to pare down the organization again. And I’ve talked about this before. I was a biology major in college, and I think organically about business. We’ve always said that the best thing for a services business are events of some sort every few years whether it’s a market downturn, whether it’s a capital markets events, whether it’s large acquisition, these firms certainly as big as our firm is tend to grow the expense line regardless. And these events, whether it’s the acquisition of Crow Company, the acquisition of Insignia, the [MBO, the IPO] or a down market, these allow us to get back at the cost structure in a fundamental way. This attack in the cost structure was unprecedented. I believe that the expenses in the up market will be onboarded slowly. And I believe that you’ll find that the managers here and the employees here are going to very much enjoy it’s strong return to profitability. Remember, they’re paid off that. So folks who haven’t been paid much lately and they know that their incentive bonuses will be bigger if they can keep the cost out of the business and grow the revenue line than if they don’t. And I think you’ll see that will certainly be the case for some years.
Operator:  Speakers no additional questions in the queue please continue.
Brett White: Great. We appreciate everyone’s time on the call today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the second quarter. Thanks.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-11 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer Gil Borok - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brandon Dobell - William Blair
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the CB Richard Ellis Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And, as a reminder this conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis' fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. Last night we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relation section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our momentum in and possible scenarios for 2009, future operations, expenses, financial performance, performance under our credit facilities and our ability to negotiate, to renegotiate the terms of our credit agreement and cost savings. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of these forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current annual report on Form 10-K and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which includes references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations to these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating today are Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Gil Borok, our Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. And please turn to slide four. Before Gill gets into the deck, I thought it would be appropriate to begin our remarks today with a brief commentary that simply acknowledges the current environment for our business and our industry. Throughout the fourth quarter of 2008, the headlines for the U.S. economy have included continued significant job losses, which are expected to continue into 2009. Due to these job losses, pay decreases and other factors, consumer spending is down and consumer savings are up, negatively impacting the short-term financial performances of businesses across the wide variety of industry. As a result, the contribution to GDP growth made by consumer and business spending has dramatically reduced. Many providers of equity or debt financing for any type of assets have shutdown their investment activities because of uncertainty about their future and concerned about asset values. Most economies around the world are experiencing similar challenges. So, what are the results for the commercial real estate industry? For most asset classes in most markets, absorption has decreased significantly and vacancies have risen. Rent growth has slowed and many of us are planning for negative rent growth. Development of new products have slowed to a near standstill. The difficult financing environment has significantly reduced asset sales velocity and resulted in significant decreases in asset values. As we look to 2009, we anticipate that capital markets activities will remain weak, leasing condition will remain soft and the industry will continue to experience higher volatility in sales activities. Despite these extremely challenging global economic conditions, our broad service offering and global scale contribute to our ability to maintain solid profitability. Overall, we are very pleased with our operating and financial results for the fourth quarter and all of 2008. For the fourth quarter, our normalized EBITDA was $223 million and for the full year, our normalized EBITDA was $601 million. Just to put these results in perspective, 2008 ranked as the third best year in terms of normalized EBITDA in our firm's 100 plus year history. As I have discussed on previous calls, we have achieved these results through continued to focus on a couple of basic fundamentals in our business. We seek to gain market share through a downturn as producers and clients continue to migrate to quality service platforms in difficult times. We continued to gain market share in the fourth quarter, as evidenced by our performance in the investment sales business. Our share there was more than the number two and three players in the market combined. We aggressively manage costs. As Gil will describe in more detail, we have more than doubled our previously announced cost reduction efforts to run rate reduction of approximately $385 million. This allowed us to maintain very solid normalized EBITDA margins, which at 11.7% for the full year 2008 exceeded the EBITDA margins of the last downturn by 330 basis points. Today we have the largest and by far, the most profitable commercial real estate services business in each of the three major regions of the world; Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. We operate this business on a normalized EBITDA margin that materially exceeds the norm among our global competitors. This provides strong evidence that our cost control efforts are working. Our full year 2008 GAAP financial results are impacted by several items that are not considered in our normalized results. Integration costs and merger related charges as well as other expenses related to CBRE's acquisition of Trammell Crow Company; severance and related cost incurred in 2008 in conjunction with our cost cutting efforts; approximately $100 million of non cash expense, resulting from write-downs of impaired real estate investments, primarily in our Development Services and Global Investment Management business. We will discuss these a little later. And finally, non-cash expense resulting from write-downs of impaired goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets, that we are carrying on our balance sheet. The GAAP results discussed in our earnings release and on this call do not yet reflect any such write-downs. We are still performing the required analysis on the value of the goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets. However, based on a variety of factors, including the relative amount of goodwill we have on the balance sheet, compared to the company's current market capitalization, we expect that these non-cash write-downs which have no effect on covenant EBITDA will be significant. Gil will speak more about these matters in a moment. The full year 2008 results of our Global Services business in the America, EMEA and Asia Pacific were impressive, given the conditions in our industry and in the major economies around the world. In the Americas, our revenues were $3.2 billion. Normalized EBITDA was $385 million and our EBITDA margin was 12%. In EMEA, our revenues were $1.1 billion; normalized EBITDA was $116 million and our EBITDA margin was 10.7%. In Asia Pacific, our revenues were $558 million; normalized EBITDA was $53 million and our EBITDA margin was 9.5%. While these results are off materially from last year, they are certainly very strong by any competitive measure. With respect to our Global Investment Management business, which posted full year normalized EBITDA of approximately $30 million, we experienced an unusually difficult year. Our business model in Global Investment Management relies heavily on asset acquisitions and dispositions to provide highly profitable incentive fees. Asset sales all but disappeared in 2008. Therefore while this business produced positive normalized EBITDA and should do so again in 2009, our overall revenues and profitability in this business declined significantly from prior year levels. We expect this business to experience rapid revenue and profit growth once again, as soon as the asset sales market stabilizes and velocities increase. In Development Services, our normalized EBITDA was $18 million compared to $12 million in 2007. The financial results for this part of our business were impacted by reduced asset values and decreased velocity of asset sales, which reduced the gains, we would otherwise have expected to recognize upon the sale of our development projects and versus prior year. Many of these gains are not included in normalized EBITDA, due to purchase accounting rules. The reduced asset values also resulted in our recognizing a bit over $49 million in non-cash asset impairment write-downs, despite the relatively conservative capitalization of our inventory of development projects. While current market condition create a difficult profile for this business in the near-term, we believe the aggressive cost reduction actions already taken will significantly improve the prospects for return to profitability for this business. Given the severity and longevity of the current industry downturn, we have continued to spend considerable time managing our balance sheet. On past calls, we have discussed the company's debt covenants. Credit covenant compliance is an issue faced today by many companies, operating across most industries. In fact, at least two of our largest public company competitors saw and received relief from their debt covenants in 2008. We have focused and will continue to focus intently on complying with our covenants. In the fourth quarter, we again complied with our debt covenants with ample cushion, and would have complied with these covenants even without the benefit of the equity offering we completed during the quarter. While we have and continue to use many tools at are disposal to minimize a chance of breaching our credit arrangements, it is likely that we will seek an amendment or waiver to certain of our covenants. Slide five through seven have been included to illustrate the strength we have seen in client pursuit. Evidence, that despite the reduced level of transaction activity we are still winning sizable business. And in fact, as we would expect we continue to win more client pursuit globally then any firm in the business. In addition, we have provided U.S. market statistics that many of you have expressed are helpful in looking at the fundamentals of the commercial real estate industry. I'll not be devoting any specific comments to these slides today. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gil to cover the financial deck. Gil?
Gil Borok: Thank you, Brett. Please advance to slide eight. Revenue was $5.1 billion for the full year 2008. Net income, adjusting for one-time items was $208.7 million, which translates to $0.97 in adjusted earnings per share for the year. Normalized EBITDA came in at $601 million. The biggest contributed to the decline in adjusted net income and earnings per share were the 15% decline in revenue and resulting lower margins, driven predominantly by weaker sales activity on a global basis and softer leasing. Also contributing to the sales and earnings decline was weakness in Global Investment Management, driven by the reduction in property values, which impacted the recognition of carried interest revenue and incentive fees. These collective declines were partially offset by strong growth in outsourcing revenue. Please turn to slide nine. For the quarter, revenue was $1.3 billion, down $556 million or 30% from the year ago quarter. The decline in revenue was primarily due to the reason just discussed for the full year. We will provide another top level view on revenue by service line in a few more slides. As a percentage of revenue, cost of sales has risen to 36.9% from 32.6% in the fourth quarter last year. This increase was primarily driven by a shift in the mix of revenues with outsourcing, including reimbursable growth, comprising a greater portion of the total and non-commissionable revenue from our Global Investment Management and Development Services segment comprising a lower portion of the total. Operating expenses were $425.5 million, were down 33% or $213.9 million versus the fourth quarter of last year. The reduction in operating expenses was driven by reduced incentive compensation expense, resulting from lower business performance and the benefit of cost reduction steps taken throughout the year. These reductions were partially offset by real estate asset impairment charges taken in the Development Services segment, integration and cost containment related expenses reflected here, but normalized below on the slide. The equity loss from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the current year was primarily attributable to the non-cash write-down of current investments in our Development Services and Global Investment Management segments, resulting from decreased market valuation. In Q4 2008, we recorded minority interest income versus minority interest expense in Q4 last year, largely associated with our minority partner's share of the write-down of real estate assets within our Development Services segments. Gains from disposition of real estate were only 4.9 million in the quarter due to more challenging market conditions. After adjusting for one time items, the resulting EBITDA for the quarter was $223.2 million, down 22% or $62.6 million from the prior year quarter, although the EBITDA margin was up a 190 basis points at 17.4% versus the prior year quarter. Please turn to slide 10. This slide reflects the company's full year 2008 operating results. We have provided this information for your reference but we would not be devoting time to discuss this in our prepared remarks. Please turn to slide 11. Total revenue in Q4, 2008 decreased by 30% from the prior year fourth quarter. Our property & facilities management business delivered revenue of $451 million and was a large contributor at 35% of total revenue in the quarter with continued growth of 6% on a year-over-year basis. Leasing also comprised 35% of total company revenue and was a close second behind property & facilities management. The decline of 28% year-over-year was reflective of the economic climate around the globe, causing a reduced need for space. Sales revenue on a combined basis was down 65% from the prior year quarter, continuing one of the steepest declines we have ever seen in the business, due to the state of credit markets and de-leveraging occurring in the financial systems worldwide. The appraisal and valuation business declined by 18% in the quarter and comprised 7% of total Q4 2008 revenue, driven mostly by declines in investment sales and the cost of funding financing that generates appraisals. Global Investment Management revenue was down 49% year-over-year. Development Services revenue was down 63%, attributable to lower sales volume and value for completed projects, consistent with weaker market conditions. The commercial mortgage brokerage business was down 52% year-over-year as the credit crunch continued to exact its toll on loan volume. Please turn to slide 12. Here we have detailed results of our sales and leasing businesses in the Americas for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008. According to Real Capital Analytics, overall investment sales activity in Q4 2008, excluding privatization, totaled just $141 billion, a decrease of 64% compared with 2007. Americas sales revenue for the fourth quarter declined 62% year-over-year. For the full year, sales revenue was down 49%. Revenue for CBRE's Americas leasing business declined 26% in Q4 2008 as compared to the same quarter last year, and was down 11% for the full year. Please turn to slide 13. Investment activity in EMEA declined in the final quarter of 2008. Total turnover in Europe fell to around 19.5 billion euros from around 27.5 billion euros in Q3 as investors were wary about cumulating through (ph) transactions. The difficulties in the European market negatively impacted our business, resulting in a 70% decline in sales revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 versus the prior year quarter and a 47% decline in full year sales revenue from the 2007 level. CBRE's revenue from leasing in the EMEA declined 28% in the fourth quarter as compared to the same quarter in 2007. On a year-to-date basis leasing was down 8%. Please turn to slide 14. CBRE's sales revenue in the Asia Pacific region fell 64% in Q4, 2008 as compared to the prior year quarter. For the full year 2008, sales revenue was down 40%. CBRE leasing revenue in Asia Pacific fell 38% in the fourth quarter as compared to prior year quarter. For the full year, leasing revenue was up 6%. Please turn to slide 15. At December 31, 2008 in-process development totaled $5.6 billion, down approximately 14% from year ago levels. The pipeline at December 31, 2008 is at $2.5 billion, down approximately 7% from year ago levels. The combine total of $8.1 billion of in-process and pipeline activity is down 12% from year ago levels of $9.2 billion. Operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2008, include one-time expenses in the amount of $3.1 million associated with our cost containment efforts as well as write-downs of impaired assets in the net amount of $49.2 million. Adjusting for these expenses, result in a normalized EBITDA margin of 24.1% for the quarter and 14.9% for the full year. Please turn to slide 16. Assets under management in Global Investment Management totaled $38.5 billion at year-end 2008. This total was up 2% from year-end 2007, but down 6% from the end of the third quarter. The fourth quarter decrease primarily reflected a drop in property values globally, as well as negative foreign currency impact. For 2008, we completed acquisitions of $5.3 billion, primarily in North America, dispositions of $1.2 billion and took over portfolios valued at $2.4 billion in North America and Europe. Our carried interest detail is shown on slide 17. In Q4 2008, we did not realize any carried interest revenue and we reversed $25.8 million of previously accrued carried interest compensation expense. As of December 31, 2008, the company still maintains accumulative remaining accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $23 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. Please turn to slide 18. This slide has been included to provide clarity as to the income statement line items and segments impacted by asset impairment charges already reported during the fourth quarter and full year 2008. As indicated in the press release, the company is currently still in the process of completing its year-end assessment of goodwill and other non-amortized or intangible assets. Given the uncertainty surrounding the global economy and the volatility of the company's market capitalization during the fourth quarter of 2008, the company was required to perform such testing as of December 31, 2008, in addition to the normal test performed as of October 1, 2008. The company will have significant impairment charges to record, most likely in the Americas, EMEA and Development Services segment. Given the complexity of this assessment, the final results are not yet completed, nor can a reasonable estimate be provided at this time. The company will complete this assessment and record a charge, prior to the filing of its 2008 Form 10-K. The impairment charge this quarter will be non-cash in nature and will not affect liquidity, cash flows from operating activities or compliance with debt covenants. Please turn to slide 19. We have maintained that when the market goes through down cycles we have the ability to significantly reduce operating expenses in our business in order to better align our cost base with lower activity levels. As it relates to 190 million plan announced on the Q3 2008 call, we completed the elimination of 190 million of permanent run rate expenses. I'll remind you that in addition, variable incentive compensation expense was anticipated to come down approximately $250 million for the year at that time. We now know that this amount was approximately $350 million. During the fourth quarter, we have identified an additional $195 million in run rate cost savings for 2009, offsetting any timing impact of certain cost savings actions not occurring at the start of 2009, or other savings of approximately $55 million that are temporary in nature in 2009. All actions necessary to capture these new savings will be completed in the first part of 2009. In order to achieve these savings, we will incur an additional approximately $20 million in one-time charges this year in addition with the $27 million recorded in 2008. Adding together about $190 million plus the additional $195 million plan announced today, we have reduced our overall operating expenses by approximately $385 million for 2009 as compared to 2007 to better position us to handle this down cycle in commercial real estate. For 2009, we believe that the seasonal pattern of earnings will revert to levels seen pre 2005. What this means is that we will likely see breakeven earnings or a nominal loss in Q1, 2009 with earnings improving to solid profitability of the remaining quarters of the year. CapEx for 2008 came in at $40 million versus our planned 2008 expenditure of $80 million. We expect the CapEx for 2009 reflected down versus 2008. Please turn to slide 20. Excluding the mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and the non-recourse development services real estate loan our total net debt at the end Q4 2008 was approximately $1.95 billion. This represents a 14% decrease from the third quarter of 2008 or $306 million facilitated by cash flow from operations and net cash proceeds from the equity raised. The revolver balance of $25.8 million at December 31, 2008 was reflective of foreign borrowings. The Development Services business finances its project with third party financing sources. The substantial majority of these real estate loans are recourse to the development project but non recourse for the company. As of December 31, 2008, the other debt category on our balance sheet included a non-recourse revolving credit line balance of $8 million related to the Development Services business. The outstanding balance of real estate loans was approximately $617 million, of which only $4 million was recoursed to the company. On slide 21, we have illustrated our financial ratio covenant requirements and debt maturities schedule through 2010. Our next debt to EBITDA ratio at December 31, 2008 was 3.28 times as compared to 3.16 times at September 30, 2008. Our trailing twelve month interest coverage ratio was 4.72 times. Our weighted average cost of debt was approximately 4.4% at December 31, 2008 which was 5.6% at September 30, 2008. As you will notice, we were well within the financial covenant requirements under our present agreement. Please turn to slide 22. Slide 22 depicts our normalized internal cash flow for 2008. To calculate this metric, we start with normalized net income and then adjust for the effects of the depreciation, amortization and net capital expenditures. On this basis, our 2008 internal cash flow was $259 million. Due to our limited capital expenditure and working capital needs, our internal cash flow tends to be slightly higher than our net income. I'll now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to slide 23. With the continued uncertainty in the commercial real estate business it remains unrealistic to provide future earnings guidance. We can however provide you some insight on how we think about our business and what we are planning for. In investment sales, we expect the environment to remain weak, though I believe we may see modest improvement by year end. Leasing activity now appears to be in sync with the economy in general, and we would anticipate leasing to remain weak until such time as global economy show signs of stabilizing. Outsourcing is a business we believe we will continue to provide a great cushion in this difficult environment. Our expectation is that this business will approach $2 billion in annual run rate revenue in the not too distant future. As would be expected in this environment we believe that our asset based businesses, Global Investment Management and Development Services will continue to face significant challenges in a short-term due to uncertain and dropping asset values. However, we believe these businesses are operationally sound and are well positioned for return to profitability when market conditions improve. Given these expectations, our strategy remains consistent. We will continue to aggressively manage expenses. We noted that two other large U.S. based commercial real estate services firms, both negotiated covenant amendment with their lenders in 2008. While we did not have that need in 2008, in the near-term, we expect to pursue a similar strategy with our lenders to reinsure we are compliant with our relevant covenants. We will continue efforts to gain additional market share through aggressive pursue of new client mandates and we will remain prepared to continuously plan to react to market conditions, negative or positive. We will pursue our strategy with what we believe is the industry's strongest leadership team. Each of our senior most geographic and line of business leaders have more than 20 years experience in this business and all of us have managed through difficult downturns in the past. As was evident in the last few quarters, we know precisely which actions to take and which not to take, to properly position our firm to maintain the industry's leading margins and profitability even in these very difficult times. At the same time, we have lots of experience in making sure that while these difficult decisions are being made on the cost side, we continued to service our clients at the high levels that they have come to expect and deserve. And that we remain positioned to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us in the marketplace today and to even further opportunities available to us when the market bottoms and begins to recover. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we'll begin with a question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning. On the cost saving side, I was just trying to digest all of the numbers that you put out there. And maybe one way I was hoping you could help us with is as we look in to, at your operating, administrative and other expenses, where it seems like the vast majority of the cost savings are occurring, what do you think the first quarter might look like because if I take the 1.9 billion that you ran in 2007 and I think you mentioned taking about $385 million off of that number I believe, it would seem like the quarterly run rate would go down to something like in the high 300s, is that right?
Brett White: I'll let Gil answer that question. Go ahead, Gil.
Gil Borok: Okay. I think the best thing you can do because we haven't phased it or finalized the phasing... the best thing you can do is take it ratably the way it would have had slowed in '07 or even earlier, we made the comment that next year we'll look kind of like pre-2005. So, if you look at that phasing and try to model that way at this point, that's the best way to phase in the 385.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And when you say, pre-2005, I'm just not really clear as to... you mean it in terms of the way the quarters lay out or...?
Gil Borok: Yes, correct.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. All right, okay, so, I will look at those then. Another question on your debt maturities, I think it's about 50 somewhat million a quarter in '09, a little bit more in 2010. Can you comment on how you intend to fund those, where you have enough free cash flow to do that?
Gil Borok: Sure. The combination of cash flow from operations and to the extent necessary if we have to borrow under the revolver to do so in the early part of the year, we've got the capacity to do that.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And also related to the debt. Could you comment on maybe the other sort of comparable amendments, you have seen occur out there like what that's meant to either rate or costs to make those amendments and so forth?
Brett White: Anthony, it's Brett. I don't think that's a relevant question at the moment. Let me explain why, the amendment market is very active and it's very fluent. And while in a normal market environment, we'd be able to point towards and really guide you towards four or five amendments that look a lot like what we might be seeking in this marketplace is just simply not possible. It's frustrating that it isn't as much for us probably as it is for you. But each company's being looked at I think very uniquely. And those companies are being looked at in terms of their strength of revenues and what type of platform they have and so forth. So, while we have a fairly good sense of where we think all this will end up for us, I can't point towards a comparable for you and I am sorry that I can't. And, on the amendment I think that's really all that we want say at this point as soon as... and if we get into those discussions, to conclude those discussions with lenders, of course you'll get a full disclosure on exactly what that amendment looks like.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then Brett last question. In terms of thinking about your business over the next several quarters, given the way the downturn is unfolding. Do you think it'll demonstrate the same seasonal characteristics as it has historically or do you think they will start to look at some your businesses sequentially or just different way.
Brett White: It's a great question, and it's something that we've been spending considerable amount of time on really for the past year. And what Gil was alluding to earlier and let me add a little clarification to that, is that we've been talking now for a few quarters about... by the way so we have lots of those in this industry, about the idea that the industry seems to have, particularly on the capital market side, seems to have reverted back to levels of activity and I feel much like 2003, that timeframe. And if you go back to that period of time and you look at our company, what you would have found is that seasonally and it's related a lot to the contribution of revenues by line of business and by geography which had different cost structures. What you would find is that typically pre 2004 and going back to number of years, we would post a modest loss or breakeven performance in the first quarter and then we would show increase in profitability, Qs two, three and four with a fairly heavy contribution of the total profitability in late Q3 and Q4. You saw that in 2008, you saw a different seasonality last year than we had seen in 2007 and 6, and again it was a movement towards weighting of profitability late in the year. That is really based primarily on the cost structures of the businesses providing the profits and we would expect that in 2009 as Gil referenced earlier, that's the type of seasonality that you are likely to see. And again I don't want to walk through the percentages of revenue and EBITDA, we saw back then, but you have those numbers. And I would just say if you go back to that period of time and look at the percentage contributions of total firm revenue, total firm EBITDA, I suspect it's probably going to be indicative of what we are going to see in '09.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Brett White: Yup.
Operator: Next on the line is Jay Habermann representing Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Brett. Here with the slowness well (ph). I know you are reluctant to provide an outlook for 2009 but I thought we'd just try to sort of look at Q4 and then sort of look at the run rate as that would indicate for the full year but if you look at sales, the drop-off obviously in the fourth quarter and then you forecast out to 2009 as well as the recent deterioration in leasing, it was only down 9% for the full year. We're just trying to get a sense of full year EBITDA and I mean is it unrealistic to think that it could be down as much as 25%. I mean those two areas alone account for 50% of your total revenues.
Brett White: Well, Jay the challenge here is and I said this last quarter and the quarter before is trying to forecast in this environment is a full variant and it's a full (ph) variant because it is frankly impossible to forecast when the credit markets are going to return to any sort of state of normalcy. When they do, what we know we are going to see is a pretty significant pick up in capital market transactions and revenues. And it is also very, very difficult at the moment to try and forecast what impact the current economic malaise is going to have on the global leasing business. There is -- what we saw in the fourth quarter was that in late October, November and December we've saw really every dynamic that supports any business goes up and it doesn't matter what industry you are in, everything looks pretty bleak, middle and late fourth quarter. So one model you could build and say all right, the environment for 2009 we will simply extrapolate out and replicate what we saw in the fourth quarter. That to me would be a downside model. In other words, you are saying that all the bad things that happened in Q4, those impacts they have had on the market in our business remain in place for the year and there is no improvement in any of the businesses, although we saw in Q4 in '09. That's probably a good place to build your downside model. Is that a realistic model for '09? Hard to say. As we sit here right now and we are 19-20 months into the capital market dislocation which is now almost three times longer than any capital market dislocation we have been through, it's hard to imagine that sitting here a year from now, we are still going to be facing an environment where there is no credit available in the industry, but it's possible. We saw a dramatic fall off in our leasing business as we been predicting for a year. We saw that fall off in late fourth quarter and as we said at the end of third quarter call, we expected then and we expect now that leasing globally is going to be under pressure for a while. But trying to predict what this year is going to look like and what EBITDA performance is going to be is just not possible. Could EBITDA be down 25% from where we entered at 2008, hard to say. It seems that would certainly set to me the low end of an expectation range and I would hope that we could do better than that. But, again everyday brings a new challenge. Everyday brings new news in the marketplace and I don't think that we hear anyone really on the management team, if anyone, any firm in this industry can with any confidence predict what 2009 is going to... how its going to play out and what is it going to look like.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I guess and certainly those comments are very fair and as you... two follow ones, one would be cost savings, the other I guess just further de-levering. You guys issued equity in the most recent quarter but would you accelerate both of those in terms of dealing with the challenges that lie ahead?
Brett White: That I can give you definitive answer on and the answer on cost savings is absolutely we have ...
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So beyond the 385?
Brett White: Sure. If you see what we got so far, we've talked about $385 million in run-rate OpEx productions. Something a bit below double that in incentive and variable productions. I mean this company has with these total expenses from 2007 almost billion dollars. And we are, the one thing I think you can take away from our results in fourth quarter is there is nobody that is going to get ahead of us on cost reduction. We are intensely focused on right sizing our cost structure to match the market place. And, so while I can't for a moment predict what the revenue lines going to look like in 2009, I can tell you that should the revenues for 2009 come in below our internal expectations at the moment than our work on cost will accelerate. And, we are... the cost reductions we're going through at the moment are dynamic. They don't have a start point and an end point. We will continue to reduce costs until we see recovery in this market place. And we are... that is the one lever that we can truly control. And, so we intend to exercise that lever very, very aggressively.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then on de-leveraging, is that something else you might seek to accelerate in this cycle. I guess you really have an economic risk after that?
Brett White: De-leveraging in a sense that... let me answer the question this way. If you want to know what our uses of free cash flow are going to be in 2009, certainly the majority of the usage of free cash flow will be to... will be used for de-leveraging. So that's how I'd answer that question.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And just lastly, can you comment a bit on the write-downs and specifically the development in the Investment Management, it's my understanding, obviously you are not putting a lot of your own capital in here so; number one, can you explain those impairments. And number two, does your development model eventually shift to where you just become more fee based?
Brett White: I will let Gil talk about write-down specifically but remember that in both Investment Management and in Development we although we are very small and minority investors in those funds, we do co-invest in those funds. It's those impairments we took our write downs at those equity investments. But Gil, do you want to comment anything on that.
Gil Borok: Yes sure. Following on what Brett said, if you go to slide eight it details it out. Any write-down that you see in the equity loss from unconsolidated subsidiaries line would be a write-down on the current investments, either in the Development business, Investment Management business or Reality Financed Mortgage REIT that we were in. Any of the write downs that you see in operating, administrative and other are in the Development Services segment, those are four consolidated projects. But you are right, we don't have a 100% economic exposure there. We have a 10% economic exposure. Business model is a little different that we consolidate those projects and accordingly the write-down is in operating expense but with a significant offset that you see also on the slide in minority interest income which is reflective of the minority partnership of the write down.
Brett White: I would just say that to add some color to that, our view is that we should and are taking a very aggressive posture, in terms of how we look at these businesses, how we value these businesses and therefore what results from that is whatever write-down needs to be taken, will be taken. So, our goal is to... has been to take a very, very conservative look at these two businesses, investment management and development, to take these write-downs now. And these write-downs are based on our view of asset valuations that I'm hopeful in the rear view mirror, we'll end up being trough valuation, certainly the value declines we saw in the fourth quarter were unprecedented and resulted in these write-downs. But as we've a mentioned on the call, they're non-cash, they don't affect covenant EBITDA and they're not impacting cash flow from operations. But they are impairments that we think are prudent to take with a very conservative look around these businesses. In terms of what the development business... what this means for development business. It's a bit of two-edged sword, development is a terrific business when times are good. And we have a very conservative capitalization structure in that business, that our management team in development has spent really the last four-five years, building a business that makes... serve as they can that the parent firm has as little risk as possible around that business. But make no mistake about it, in times such as these where you seeing asset devaluation as much as 50% in some asset classes that business is going to feel that pain and they are. Now, looking forward in that business, the near-term prospects are tough. They are reducing operating expense at a greater percentage of total OpEx than any business we have and their objective is to get that business profitable as soon as possible. The other side of the sword, the good news is that certainly, and the same holds true for Investment Management, with the devaluations we've seen across the asset class, as you look into late 2009 and 2010 there ought to be opportunities in the marketplace that we may not get a chance to look at again for many years. So, our goal for that business is to have it positioned properly, to return profit, and then be ready when opportunities rise and credit markets return, take advantage of what should be some pretty attractive opportunities in the marketplace.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Brett White: Yup.
Operator: Next, we'll go to question of Brandon Dobell with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: I might (ph) focus on the outsourcing business for a second to maybe compare and contrast... it looks to be kind of mid single-digit growth in the fourth quarter with your expectation for probably low double-digit growth in 2009. How are we comfortable that the slowdown in the fourth quarter and then take it of some to greater trend in this business?
Gil Borok: It's a good question and it's... just like any other business we have, it's extremely difficult right now to predict what the future holds for any of our businesses, I think the best answer I can give you is to talk generally about what it is that causes growth in the outsourcing business and what causes growth in that business is large corporations and institutional owners are looking to become more efficient. And they become more efficient, one of the ways they do that and lever their call (ph) is to outsource non-core activities to third-party providers, such as ourselves or couple of our global competitors. It isn't surprising to us that in 2008, we saw an increase in the velocity of contracts going out to market in this business, it also isn't surprising that we saw that velocity come down a bit in the fourth quarter. I think that what you would expect to see in this business is when large corporation and institutions come to the conclusion that tough days are ahead and move pretty quick on putting these contracts out and makes the decision about outsourcing and then you revert back to a more when I would describe as more mean rate or normalized rate of growth. I think the fourth quarter is much more indicative of what one should expect out of this business. We saw... in 2008, we saw one of our largest clients go out of business. That was Warner (ph), and the loss of that client while not material to the overall firm's results certainly we're and our material to our outsourcing business. And that is offset by new clients that we're on-boarding but if you look at 2009 and 2010 what I would expect to see in that business is, a business that has favorable dynamics in the marketplace, and ought to be able to grow at a decent rate. And as we mentioned in our comments, we think that business is going to be an ever larger percentage of the overall revenue and profit pie of the firm. You saw that in 2008, and I think the real good news about outsourcing for our business is CB Richard Ellis now is a firm who has a contract based very sticky revenue line that's become a majority contributor of our overall business.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: As you looked at the last part of '09, over the early indication of probably last part of '08, early indication of '09, just give the overall macro environment, how the pricing discussions have been in that business, especially on your street guys (ph)?
Gil Borok: They're brutal.
Brett White: One thing you can count on from our outsourcing customers is, price does matter and I'd love to tell you that with the platform we have which is the dominant platform in the outsourcing industry and very few competitors we have in that business that price is moving up at a rapid rate, it isn't? Our outsourcing clients are very, very large corporations and institutions. They go through rigorous RFP processes. And they grind price very, very hard. In 2009, I expect we're going to see continued pressure on pricing in that business and one of the aspects of that business which we accept as a partner with our large clients is that... we need to work them at x model (ph). And we are, a firm that does business with most of the major corporations around the world. There's not one of them that is extremely worried about their own business right now. And certainly, we're feeling that come through on renewals and on new bids. But again as I said, these outsourcing contracts remain quite profitable for us. They're very, very important to our overall business model, and remember that when we track outsourcing through our publicly reported segments and our P&L, we do not credit the outsourcing line with many of the high margin activities, we sell through to those clients specifically the transaction activities. Those are picked up by activity in the business line where they occur. So, with almost every one of our large outsourcing contracts we are performing a number of high margin activities that were picked up in other lines of business and those are quite attractive to us, regardless of the contract fee on the outsourcing contract specifically.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Then final question, maybe just more of a what is the question, I asked this once (ph) but the implication of going back to the banks and renegotiating or negotiating an amendment or waiver or something like that, to a certain extent could imply that you ought to be more concerned about the trajectory of the business then the fourth quarter performance may have alluded to. Or is it just... you just want to make sure you've got a half a turn or three quarters of a turn a cushion, just in case to prepare for the worst case scenario. I'm trying to figure out how, I guess how committed you are to going back and renegotiating, and I guess maybe tell us something about where we should place our expectations around the sales of leasing properties right now?
Brett White: Sure. I understand your question and I will just say that, I wouldn't ... when you think about whether or not to discuss with your lenders an amendment to your credit agreement, you consider lots of different factors. And the first point I want to make is, and we made it on the call, is that please do keep in mind that at the moment, we are the only major U.S. public commercial real estate services firm that hasn't received an amendment. So we are very proud of that. We got through to 2008. We had terrific cushion in the third quarter and we had a very ample cushion in the fourth quarter, even without the equity raise. But all that having been said, what we talked about in the third quarter call is we need to manage this business against expectations they are extremely conservative. And Jay asked the question earlier about what my performance looks like in 2009? And the answer I gave Jay... I am sorry the answer I can give is we don't know. And not knowing what 2009 might look like and at the same time, are being very cognizant of where that transaction velocities and capital markets continue to decline in the fourth quarter. And that leasing velocity, overdue but finally did decline in the fourth quarter. We need to build against those data points, a set of models that run the gamut from a worse case model that would imply all those things continue with no abatement for 2009 all the way through an optimistic model that we see some recovery in the credit markets and that things get better sometime this year. When you then overlay that to you how you think about an amendment with your creditors, we told you that we will only manage against the worst case model, because anything other than that we think is imprudent. So when we talk about today, that we will likely seek an amendment with our creditors, it's against the backdrop of prudence and conservatism more than anything else. And again, I will just underscore that we talked about this in the third quarter, we ended up not having to deal with it but I do think as we look at 2009 and we sit here today, the worst case model in our projection would certainly indicate that we would want to get that done, the little more optimistic and base case models might not, but we are going to manage against that more conservative view.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, Brett.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vance Edelson: Hi, thanks. Just back on the amendments early or waiver to the covenants, just one more question there. Brett, you can't provide details as to what exact shape that might take, but in terms of timing do you have a sense there, have there been any preliminary discussions and is this something you hope to accomplish in the immediate future?
Brett White: We have, as we talked at the end of the third quarter, we have done lots of work in terms of try to understand what are the market place is for amendments at the moment. One of the... I suppose, as I mentioned as earlier or a different call one of the dynamics out there are so many companies seeking amendments right now, that it's difficult to really model out exactly what an amendment for this firm may look like, what its cost might be, what form it might take it and all of that is a discussion we will have with our good partners in the lending community. At the moment, what we feel in the call is it's likely that we will seek an amendment and I think I will just leave it at that. Timing really is really subject to a lot of different factors that probably aren't worth going to in the call today. In terms of whether we've had discussion with lenders, no we haven't any real sustained discussion with lenders. We have talked to our lead agent quite a bit. And as I mentioned here in the third quarter we have done that. So I think we have a pretty good sense what that market looks like. We have a pretty good sense of what the process is. We watched as I mentioned, two of our competitors get this done. Late last year, we saw that (ph) pricing look like, that was helpful. And I am quite confident that when we enter into those discussions, assuming we do there will be a very good outcome for CB Richard Ellis.
Vance Edelson: Okay. Thanks for that. And on the goal to aggressively manage costs, I'm just wondering what additional opportunities exist beyond variable comp coming down. It seems that most of the cutting out of the fat would have taken... would have been taking care of by now. So, could you just give us a feel for what areas are still left to attack, either by division or geography or both?
Brett White: I don't want to go through division, geography and I don't want to go through line items of expense. But I would answer your question this way which is, in an environmental where you are reducing cost, in the manner we're reducing cost, you go through a very simple process around where to make the reductions and how deep to make them, it is a cost benefit analysis. We are reducing costs across the company in every business line and in every geography. And you're right, they are easy costs. Many of those have been eliminated. The costs that we have been focusing on lately are not easy. They are much harder decisions to make, they impact different groups of people than the costs that we cut out in mid 2008 did. However, there are opportunities to reduce cost in this company in a number of places that we could still approach. But they will come at a cost to the firm. And that cost is future growth, that cost is opportunities that we would like to service and perhaps we could pursue, that we could now not pursue. But we're very careful to make sure that we balance this cost reduction efforts in a way that we can address, first and foremost aggressively service all the clients we have and that is something we will absolutely do. We are not reducing cost in any areas that a client is going to see or feel. Second, we'd like to not reduce costs in areas where we believe there are opportunities for real and significant growth in the near-term and we are not hitting those areas. Where we are hitting cost are in areas of that firm where cost tends to build up over years of very good times and it's appropriate and prudent to take those cost out when the business volume is what it is now. The way we think about it is, the company will produce a certain level of revenues in 2009 and there is an appropriate cost structure that fits against those revenues and our goal is simply to manage to that cost structure and there is probably a bit more we can do there in 2009, than what we expect for 2009 revenues. We will see if revenues come in better than we expect, the cost reduction efforts are probably done. If they come in worse than we expect as I mentioned earlier, we will be right back at it.
Vance Edelson: Okay, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And, our final question today comes from line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you. I just had a couple follow-ups. I think Gil, you mentioned, there is $23 million left in accruals for carried interest. I think comp expense maybe and I just wondering if you anticipate reversing those at some point or what might trigger that?
Gil Borok: It's all based on valuation in the various funds that we have in the Investment Management business. So you saw a reversal in the fourth quarter of about 25 million and that was based on fourth quarter valuations. And obviously there were certain clients where the valuation came in and supported the carried interest balance. So, we maintained that on the books. But it is subject to change either way depending on internal valuations and external valuations that we do routinely.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Is that... are those once a year type valuations or is this just ongoing.
Gil Borok: We generally look at them internally on a quarterly basis and then we value them externally once a year.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then last question on... in Development Services it seems like the run rate there has been give or take $30 million a quarter, if not much is started, if you aren't seeing much in terms of new construction in commercial real estate for a period of time, where is that trend, how long does it take until those deals burn-off.
Brett White: Can you clarify the 30 million, what you are referring to.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: I think those are your rough quarterly revenue run rate in Development Services.
Brett White: Right. I think the way to think about development is that that business earns its revenues in a couple of different ways. There is a bucket of revenues that comes from the management and oversight of the development of projects, and there is a bucket of revenues that come from that point in time when those projects are disposed. And, what you saw in 2008, I would expect you would see certainly in the near-term, 2009, don't know about full year is that dispositions ground to an almost total halt and so that bucket of revenues didn't exist in late 2008. Otherwise same thing holds true, that's in the management business. However, the revenues the development company earned from management of its projects remain and they have a very robust pipeline of projects underway. So I don't want to predict or talk today about what we think our run rate revenues in that business will be but I will tell you that those are the two buckets of revenues that they have and one bucket is certainly under stress right now. That's the disposition bucket. But the other bucket of management of projects, and development projects continues.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. But it's not as if the stuff that continues and that is being managed if you don't generate new construction. There is not a lot of new construction, those burn-off say in two years as projects are completed or something like that?
Brett White: Sure, yeah. Sure.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Brett White: Yes.
Operator: Do you have any concluding remarks.
Brett White: That's it. Thanks everyone for your time and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - SVP, IR Brett White - President and CEO Ken Kay - Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts: Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan Will Marks - JMP Securities Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Pat Burton - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis third quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Last night we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.CBRE.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the investor relation section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements regarding our momentum in and possible scenarios for 2008 and 2009, future operations, expenses, financial performance, performance under our credit facilities and the success and impact of future securities offerings. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update you or publicly revise any of these forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current annual report on Form 10-Q and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular any discussion of risk factors which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov, for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which includes references to non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached hereto within the appendix. Please turn to slide 3. Our management team members participating today include Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ken Kay, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick. And please turn to slide 4. Macro market conditions for the third quarter were among the most challenging we've encountered. The dual forces of a financial market dislocation and significant global economic weakening took a significant toll on the general business climate. Despite these challenges, we posted respectable revenue and profit for the quarter. Our performance under very adverse conditions illustrates a flexibility of our business model, our ability to quickly reduce expenses and maintain a respectable level of profitability. To put our results in perspective, our normalized EBITDA margin this quarter is more than 350 basis points higher than it was in the last downturn for the full year 2001. Highlights for the quarter were, outsourcing up 30% in Q3. We continue to capture market share gains, as an example, US investment sale share increased to 17.2% for 2008 year-to-date, according to Real Capital Analytics. We successfully achieved $190 million in run rate expense savings, that will permanently benefit the full year 2009 and beyond. Company EBITDA margins improved significantly from first half of the year coming in at 12.2% on a normalized basis for the third quarter. Ongoing challenges include, worldwide global capital markets remained soft and are not yet showing signs of recovery. Leasing has remained resilient despite almost a full year of poor economic conditions around the globe. However, future economic decline could negatively impact this. Investment management and fees and gains continue to be deferred due to this tougher sales environment. Please turn to slide 5. Despite the challenging market and the perception that by a lot of sensational headlines that no business is being transacted at all, we continue to execute significant real estate transactions all around the globe on behalf of some of the world's largest owners and occupiers. Listed on slide 5 are just a few of our major accomplishments for the third quarter. Please turn to slide 6. As we have done in the past few quarters, I would like to update you on select US commercial real estate statistics to provide some context, for what we are seeing in the US market. Forecast absorption and corresponding vacancy rates for year end 2008 have improved modestly for office properties, since our last forecast, while industrial has weakened a bit and retail properties have remained relatively flat. Actual cap rates have edged up somewhat since last quarter. However, the low transaction volume is masking the extent of the cap rate expansion across all property types. Our cap rate forecast assume a significant increase for all property types by year end 2009 as you will notice in the slide. Please turn to slide 7. I'll now provide a detailed breakdown of results of our sales and leasing businesses in the Americas. Sales for the third quarter declined 48% year-over-year, while year-to-date sales were down 45%. The credit crisis continues to reduce the field of players in both equity and debt markets and severely constrained capital. In the US several well-capitalized vendors have suspended their real estate programs for remainder of the year, those who remain in the market, including some life insurance companies, private equity funds and Fannie and Freddie for multi-family have sharply tightened terms. A year ago quality product was being underwritten at 65 to 85% loan to value and spreads of 125 to 150 basis points. Today, loan to value ratios have dropped to 50 to 65% and spreads widen to 260 to 400 plus basis points. As a consequence, loan origination volumes are approximating 2003 and '04 levels. On the equity side substantial capital is still looking for opportunities, but not at today's asking prices. A recent institutional fund survey estimates equity commitments to commercial real estate of approximately $300 billion. Revenue for the US leasing business declined 7% in Q3 as compared to the same quarter last year this was considerably better than the 16% decline in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis leasing was down 4% from a year ago. Surprisingly, the net absorbing trend thus far this year compares favorably to previous recessions. This trend along with other employment data suggests that marketing conditions have reflected more of the state of paralysis. The leases are simply renewed for the same amount of space without the space givebacks that are typical in a recession. The events since the middle of September however, suggest that this pattern could change as the deepening financial crisis forces a hand of some companies to reduce their space needs. Turning to slide 8, we see the sales and leasing results for EMEA. Compared to last year, CBRE sales revenue in EMEA was down 39% for the third quarter and down 35% year-to-date. Against the backdrop of severe dislocation in the financial markets, the euro zone economy contracted in the third quarter of this year, as did some of the major national markets. The key feature of the investment market continues to be the lack of market transactions, due to the standoff between buyer and seller expectations. Investment activity across Europe remained muted in the third quarter especially in the UK, France and Germany. By contrast, third quarter activity was most robust in some of the Nordic and central and eastern European markets. Leasing revenue for Q3 was down 12% compared to the same quarter last year and up 2% year-to-date. Leasing activity and rent movements in the main European office markets increasingly reflect the weaker economic outlook. Growing occupier cautions have lent to extended negotiations and leasing activity is increasingly driven by consolidations or cost efficiency goals, rather than expansion. Despite the greater economic uncertainty, rents generally remained stable in Q3. Third quarter results for the Asia Pacific region, are shown on slide 9. Investment volumes in Asia Pacific declined steeply in the third quarter, as a result of the worsening state of global financial markets and slowing capital flows into the sector. Third quarter 2008 sales revenue was down 50% compared to the same quarter last year and down 27% year-to-date. Bid-ask spreads remain wide and asset prices have begun to adjust downward at a measured pace for some properties in certain sectors, with highly leveraged asset owners generally more receptive to negotiations. On the leasing side of the business global uncertainty is now adversely impacting tenant demand in Asia Pacific. Declines in office rents were seen in Tokyo, Mumbai, Shanghai and Manila. In Australia, New Zealand growth in rentals has slowed while incentives have increased in some locations. Despite these conditions, third quarter leaving revenue was up 24% compared to the prior year quarter and up 33% year-to-date. For a more detailed discussion of our financial results outlook, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ken Kay.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Brett. As indicated on slide number 10, revenue was $1.3 billion for the quarter. Net income adjusting for one-time items was $56.1 million, which translates to $0.27 in adjusted earnings per share. Normalized EBITDA came in at $159 million. The biggest contributors to the decline in adjusted net income and earnings per share were the 13% decline in revenues and resulting lower margins driven predominantly, by weaker sales activity on a global basis and softer leasing. These declines were offset by growth in outsourcing revenues albeit with lower EBITDA margins. Included in the revenue decline were lower results from the Global Investment Management business which was negatively affected by the deferral of recognition of carried interest revenue and incentive fees. Our third quarter results are summarized on slide number 11. For the quarter revenue was $1.3 billion, down $192 million or 13% from the year ago quarter. The decline in revenues was primarily due to the reasons previously discussed and will provide another top level review on revenue by service line in a few more slide. As a percentage of revenue cost of services rose to 58.1% from 53% in the third quarter last year This increase was mainly due to the shift in the mix of revenues with outsourcing including reimbursables growth comprising a greater portion of the total. Additionally, higher professional salaries resulting from prior acquisitions and organic growth initiatives from the second half of 2007 mostly in the EMEA and Asia Pacific also added to the cost base. Operating expenses of $421 million were down 10.1% or $47.4 million, versus the third quarter of last year. The reduction in operating expenses was driven by reduced incentive compensation expense resulting from lower business performance and the benefit of cost reduction steps taken earlier this year. I will discuss our cost reduction activities in more detail in a bit. The equity loss from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the current year was primarily attributable to the further non-cash write-down of our investment in CBRE Realty Finance. The equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the prior year period was mainly due to dispositions within selected funds in our Global Investment Management segment which did not occur in the current year period. Gains from disposition of real estate were $42.6 million in the quarter related to project sales in the Development Services business line, of which $22.4 million was minority interest expense, which reflects the component attributable to our investment partners. After adjusting for one-time items the resulting EBITDA for the quarter was $158.8 million, down 38%, or $95.8 million from the prior year. Please turn to slide number 12. This slide reflects the company's year-to-date operating results through the third quarter. We have provided this information for your reference, but will not be devoting time to discuss this in our prepared remarks. Please turn to slide number 13. Total revenue in Q3 2008 decreased by 13% from the prior year third quarter. Leasing comprised 34% of total company revenue. The decline of 5% year-over-year was slightly better than performance in the second quarter. Property and facilities management also came in at 34% of total revenue in the third quarter, due to continued strong performance with growth of 30% year-over-year. Sales revenue on a combined basis was down 46% from the prior year quarter. The appraisal and valuation business declined by 11% in the quarter. Global Investment Management revenue was down 59% year-over-year, while Development Services revenue was up 44%, attributable mainly to construction revenue. The commercial mortgage brokerage business was down 36% year-over-year as the credit crunch continued to exact a toll on loan volumes. Please turn to slide number 14. The trend of companies choosing to outsource their real estate needs continued unabated in the third quarter. Our leading position in commercial real estate services is a key factor in our ability to win, expand and renew long-term contracts with these organizations. During the third quarter, we added 11 new outsourcing clients including, Zurich Financial Services Group and Convergys, a leader in global business process outsourcing. We expanded 10 existing relationships including, Royal Dutch Shell, Barclays, Lexmark and Prudential. We renewed existing relationships with seven clients, including Hospital Corporation of America and RR Donnelly. Increasingly, we are serving corporate customers on an international and global basis. This is a testament to our integrated full service platform, one of the few in the world that can offer seamless service delivery around the globe, managed from a single point of contact. Since the end of 2007, our property and facilities square footage under management has grown by 12.3% to 1.8 billion square feet. Please turn to slide number 15. At September 30th, 2008, in process development totaled $6.3 billion, down approximately 5% from year ago levels and 3% from December 31st, 2007. The pipeline at September 30th, 2008, stood at $3.4 billion, up approximately 17% from year ago level and 26% compared with year end 2007. The combined total of $9.7 billion of in process and pipeline activity is up slightly from year ago levels and 5% from $9.2 billion at year end 2007. Operating results for the third quarter of 2008 include gains on sale of real estate of $42.6 million as compared to $16.1 million of such gains from the third quarter of 2007. Results for this segment were impacted by purchasing accounting for the Trammell Crow company acquisition, which dictates the write-up of assets to fair value upon acquisition, generally eliminating any gains in the near-term. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting these businesses earnings would have increased by approximately $3 million from gains on real estate sold during the third quarter of 2008. Despite not being able recognize these gains on sale the company does received the related cash. Please turn to slide number 16. The Global Investment Management business assets under management decreased 6% during the third quarter to $40.9 billion as of September 30th, 2008. The decrease reflects a decline in value of the UK portfolio caused primarily by the drop in the British pound against the dollar, as well as, certain asset value reductions in both the United States and the UK. Total assets under management is still up approximately 8% from year end 2007 and 15% from the third quarter of 2007. For the first nine months, we made acquisitions of $4.4 million and dispositions of $1.1 billion. Revenue for the third quarter of 2008 of $39.8 million was lower than the prior year comparable quarter by $59.3 million, as was the case in the prior two quarters. Fees for assets under management actually increased by 12.5% to $34.1 million from $30.3 million commensurate with the rise in assets under management, this increase was offset by a lack of carried interest revenue down by $10.6 million, reduced incentive fees from separate accounts and lower acquisition fees, as indicated on the slide. EBITDA for the second quarter was negatively impacted by the decline in higher margin incentive-based revenues. Compounding the drop in EBITDA was a lack of fund liquidations in the current quarter resulting in a modest equity loss of $1.3 million as compared to equity income of approximately $2.8 million, from such recognized in the third quarter of last year. Offsetting these factors with the reversal of net $15.2 million in carried interest incentive compensation expense previously accrued, due to reduced valuations of assets and a corresponding expected decline in future carried interest revenue. Our carried interest detail is shown on slide number 17. In Q3 of 2008, we did not realize any carried interest revenue. As of September 30th, 2008, the company still maintains a cumulative remaining accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $49 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. Please turn to slide number 18. As we said on our second quarter call, we have been working diligently to remove significant operating expense from our business model, in order to better align our cost base with lower activity levels during this downturn in commercial real estate. In total, we have eliminated $190 million of permanent run rate expenses. The largest contributor to these reductions was staff reductions and associated compensation expense savings of approximately $100 million. Another $90 million in savings will be realized from cuts in business promotion and advertising, travel and entertainment, and office operations costs. All actions necessary to capture these savings will be completed by the ends of 2008, in order to allow to us realize the full benefit in 2009. We expect that a little over 50% of the annual savings will benefit 2008 performance. In order to achieve these savings, we will realize approximately $15 million in one-time charges of which $3.4 million was recorded in the third quarter. In addition to expense savings, capital expenditures were reduced by 40% for 2008 from the spend expected at the beginning of the year and should now total between $45 and $50 million. Additionally, variable compensation expense is expected to come down $250 million due to lower operating results. In total, the combined expense reductions would thus approximate $440 million. Our cost reduction activities are ongoing as we pursue additional savings. Please turn to slide number 19. Excluding the mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and the Development Services real estate loans both of which are non-recourse, our total net debt at the end of Q3 2008 was approximately $2.26 billion. The Development Services business finances its projects with third-party financing sources. The substantial majority of these real estate loans are recourse for the development projects, but non-recoursed to the company. As of September 30th, 2008 the other debt category on our balance sheet included a non-recourse revolving credit line balance of $5.9 million related to the Development Services business. The outstanding balance of real estate loans was approximately $612 million of which only $5 million was recoursed to the company. The amount outstanding on the revolver at quarter end was $560.7 million. This reflects an increase of $156 million from the second quarter of 2008. The increase in the revolver borrowings was primarily due to our concerns over the credit problems in the capital markets in September. Solely as a precaution, we borrowed an additional $150 million from the revolving facility to ensure liquidity for the company during this market turmoil. The excess borrowings were invested in treasury, money market funds on an interim basis and on October 15th, 2008, we repaid the excess revolver borrowings. As we progress to the balance of 2008 and into 2009, our focus will be to predominantly utilize excess cash flow from operations to reduce the outstanding revolver balance. On slide number 20, we've illustrated our debt covenant requirements and debt maturity schedule through 2010. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio at September 30th, 2008, was 3.16 times as compared to 2.91 times at the end of Q2. Our trailing 12-month interest coverage ratio was 5.63 times. Our weighted average cost of debt was approximately 4.9% at September 30th, 2008, versus 4.1% at June 30th, 2008. As you will notice, we are still well within the covenant requirements under our credit agreement. We fully anticipate having ample resources to repay those borrowings coming due in the next few years as noted on the slide, through the use of available cash and free cash flow from operations. Our normalized internal cash flow for the third quarter of 2008 is illustrated on slide number 21. This metric is derived by adjusting normalized net income for the effects of depreciation, amortization, net capital expenditures, cash flow from the Development Services net gains that were excluded from the P&L due to purchase accounting rules and the cash component of acquisition related costs. On this basis, our Q3 trailing 12-month internal cash flow was $306 million. Due to our limited capital expenditure and working capital needs our internal cash flow tends to be highly correlated with our net income. For Q3, net capital expenditures were $11.7 million. I will now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thanks, Ken. Please turn to slide 22. It should come as no surprise that providing guidance in a challenging environment is still not realistic. Outsourcing has been one business that has proven very strong and predictable and we expect these favorable results to continue. Our strategy at this time remains consistent with what we have been doing since the downturn began. This is also no different than how we have managed the business in prior downturns. We continue to aggressively reduce expenses to match revenue levels as evidenced this quarter. Vigorously pursue market share through acquiring new client mandates and key revenue producers, prudently manage our cash position and balance sheet and remain prepared with contingency plans to be able to rapidly react to market conditions should they worsen, improve or remain the same. As we had mentioned earlier on the call, we believe that the short-term prospects for the business remain very difficult. Perhaps, one of the biggest challenges our firm and other firms are facing at the moment is the difficulty in predicting when recovery will come to the investment properties sales business and when we can expect normalized growth rates out of global leasing businesses. We believe there is a distinct possibility that transaction velocity in our investment property sales business could pickup, in the relative near-term, as the current level of transaction seems to be at unnatural and unsustainable low levels. The global leasing businesses, while certainly impacted by economic slowdown are being supported by strong fundamentals in the commercial leasing markets. These fundamentals relate directly to the relatively low amount of new space that has been brought to the market, over the past few years and the very low vacancy rates in place when the current downturn hit. We believe it is for these reasons and others that the leasing markets have held up remarkably well in the face of a weakening economic environment for over a year. Therefore, we are hopeful that better days may be around the corner. However, we must manage the company and prepare for the possibility that the contrary is true and that worse days could be ahead. As, we have a variety of remedies available to us should the markets materially worsen in the coming months including additional cost reductions. We are also considering raising public or private capital and despite having EBITDA covenant cushion of over $100 million in the third quarter, it is possible that we may decide to pursue additional covenant cushion from our lenders. We have a high level of confidence that these discussions would be fruitful, should we initiate them and while we do not need additional cushion at this time, obtain it for a rainy day, could be a very conservative and prudent course of action. Some or all of these activities would put us in good [instead] should the worse case predictions come true. We of course are hopeful that they will not and indications in our business suggest that they will not. But playing against these possibilities and taking appropriate actions is logical. If we have learned any lessons from 2008, it is that the smart and successful companies plan against the worse possible outcomes, even though those plans may seem overly conservative, companies that take a contrary view have in many cases paid a steep price for their decisions. In summary, CB Richard Ellis has as you would have expected, moved very aggressively, very proactively and very early to deal with the market downturn, we knew was coming late last year. On our earnings call in late 2007, we called for a downturn in both the capital markets and the commercial leasing markets. And while the downturn in commercial leasing has not yet manifested itself, we continue to believe that it is possible. By eliminating over $300 million of cost from the firm over the past two years, and by moving proactively and vigorously on costs in the future, we believe that we have put the company in the best possible position to not only survive through these difficult markets but to thrive. We absolutely intend to continue our dominance of the commercial real estate services business by capturing significant market share from our competitors and investing in the business, where those investments, provide us with an acceptable return. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We do have a question from the line of Anthony Paolone. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you. I am from JPMorgan. You alluded to the idea that transaction volumes can't remain this depressed forever. Do you anticipate, seeing some forced selling at some point at the very least to maybe make transaction volumes go up? And if so, maybe when do you see that unfolding?
Brett White: Anthony, it's a great question and it's something that we have been watching very carefully. The data would tell us that the current low level of transaction activity is about double the lowest trough we've ever recorded in our business. So, we know that it's highly unusual. And we believe that it's also unnatural, [in sense] that it's not sustainable. What we've seen in the markets for the past, really now almost 12 months is a complete seizure in the credit market support, the trading of commercial property. But also seizure related to a very wide bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers. That bid-ask spread has been narrowing, as you would expect and what we are beginning to see in the marketplace now is really a couple of dynamics that support our thesis that transaction volumes ought to be picking up. One is that owners are beginning to capitulate, those that have held out saying, this is a very short-term anomaly in the marketplace and I'm very confident that values will get back to where they were in July of 2007. Those folks who might have been half of the sellers out there in September 2007, I don't think there's very few left that actually believe that now. So those owners who need to trade property are beginning to do so and we think that velocity should continue to pick up. One of the other dynamics which you're referencing is that, many owners in the marketplace are going to have to trade properties whether they like it or not. Some of those owners are funds where the trading of property is their stock in trade and they can only go so long before they sell those properties, sell those funds and return capital to their limited partners and their investors. And then we have unfortunately an every growing number of owners who have issues and those issues are primarily related to the capital stack and specifically related to debt, which maybe coming due, which has to be replaced. And those owners will either be able to recapitalize those properties and move forward, or many of them will choose to sell the properties. And it's for those reasons and many more that we believe, that the current level of transaction velocity is simply unsustainable.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. On the leasing side, can you comment on how much transaction volumes there, lease signings have historically pulled back during downturns? I think it was down 5% in the third quarter. I'm just wondering if that has pulled back more dramatically since September. And just how it's looked historically?
Brett White: Sure. Well, if you can look at our numbers for the year, one of the things you'd notice Anthony is we actually were down I believe and Ken jump in if I've got this wrong, something like 16, 17% in the second quarter. Ken, is that right?
Ken Kay: Yes.
Brett White: Yeah. And yet, only down about 5% in the third quarter. And the way I would describe the leasing markets Anthony, is that they are amazingly resilient in the phase of what has been just horrible, horrible economic news for really over a year now. The reasons for that resiliency I think are fairly straightforward. First, post 9/11, I think most major corporations learned a lesson and that lesson was it is very dangerous to be a long on space. So what companies have done in the last seven years is they've been much more efficient in their use of space. So, when this downturn came and actually when our clients well over a year ago began thinking about harder times, they really didn't have much space to put back in the market in terms of sublease space which, of course sublease is one of the dynamics that drags the leasing market down. Secondly, the amount of new construction that's been brought to the market for last three years is at a relatively low level, roughly a small amount of space. So you're in a market where when the downturn hit last August you had vacancies that really structurally extremely low levels, occupancies, of course at high levels, rents in good shape, most properties in very good shape. So the leasing market was able to withstand a number of very severe body blows for the last year. As we look at the market right now, what we see is the same situation we saw now almost a year ago. We've been calling as, since late 2007 for a downturn in the leasing business and we've talked about numbers that would look something like down 10% to down 20% in terms of total leaving revenues. We haven't seen it, yet, we believe it's certainly possible, given this prolonged economic malaise that we are experiencing. But at the moment we are not seeing that and time will only tell. Again, to me, I've been in this business 25 years, I've lived through four of these hard downturns, to me that downturn in leasing is inevitable. The question will be depth and duration and at the moment given the market dynamics that we see, the depth doesn't look all that deep, the duration I think is an open question.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just last question. You mentioned the idea of maybe bringing some capital into the organization. Can you comment on just the magnitude of how much you would want to bring in to feel comfortable?
Brett White: I don't want to comment on magnitude. I will only say that as we look at the business right now there is certainly many, many models that we use to try and forecast what future performance is going to look like. Our base case models which come from the field would imply that, perhaps there's no need for any capital and we just work through the next few quarters and next couple of years and be careful on costs and do fine. But that's not how we are managing the business and it's not how we've managed the business for the past, really now going on 15 months. We manage the business against worse case models, which is to try and think about the worst possible outcomes in the marketplace and how the company would fair against those outcomes. And we have many, many levers that we can use inside the organization to improve EBITDA and cash, should those worse case models occur. You saw I think, what to me at least are really astounding cost reduction numbers that we've already achieved, those are in, those are done. And Ken and his team and our folks around the world have done a remarkable job of focusing on cost and, by the way, that work isn't done. Our efforts on cost containment are very dynamic and we watch really performance daily and make adjustments to cost against that performance. We also of course have levers which are aside from just cost inside the business, which can improve EBITDA and improve cash. Then of course, should we choose to, we could have an opportunity to purchase some additional cushion from our lenders. And we think that our lenders who have been with us for a very, very long time would be amenable to that, should it be necessary. And I think the third and probably the final choice would be to raise some capital. And this is all very dynamic and very fluid, because all of those levers go together. And I think that the way we look at it is that the raising capital is expensive and something that we would do after the other opportunities were well employed.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: I have a question from the line of Will Marks. Please go ahead.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Hello, Ken, hello, Brett. I have a question on the covenant. And what you know now in the fourth quarter, do you expect to violate it? And if so, what -- well, actually, let's just start with that.
Brett White: No, we do not.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: You don't expect to, okay. Based on trends right now would you expect that some level of positive cash flow, or some reduction in net debt during the fourth quarter? And can you quantify at all?
Brett White: Sure. The answer is, yes. I'll let Ken answer the question.
Ken Kay: Yes, we do. As you know, typically the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter from a cash build perspective and we would use the cash that we generate during the fourth quarter activity to pay down our revolver balance and from the level that it is now. So, yes, we do expect to reduce the net debt number further in the fourth quarter.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And does the lack of guidance mean that you are no longer comfortable? I know this wasn't guidance before, but you are no longer comfortable with saying that your earnings will only decline 40 to 50% of last year's level?
Brett White: I think the best way to answer that question, Will is that, any company at this point given they're truly in the marketplace that in our business at least, that attempts to put guidance out there is on a fool's errand, it is. This marketplace is more volatile than anything I've ever seen in my career. It is, as I mentioned with Anthony, we have forecasting models that would imply that recovery could be quite soon. We have other models that imply that it wouldn't be. And I don't think that anyone inside our business or frankly outside our business is in a position to give any sort of assurance to the marketplace of where our performance could be in the coming quarters, much less in the coming weeks. It's just a very fluid market and I think the most important thing that investors should expect out of this firm is, we're not going to take any chances, we're not going to be foolish. We are going to be very conservative, very prudent and do those things we think are important and prudent to put the company in the best possible position, which by the way, include lots of investments in the business right now. We see real opportunities in the marketplace that in my lifetime I never thought I would see. And we intend to exploit those opportunities, when we think they are appropriate to do so. But, again, guidance I think is something that in this industry you are not going to see out of anybody for a while.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And great, this sort of goes down the same line; although maybe you can clarify. And that is that your comment about 50% of the expense reductions will be I guess you'll realize in 2008 and it's a little confusing because you are doing them in the last quarter, in the last two quarters. So how do you actually realize them all so quickly?
Brett White: Right, I'm going to let Ken take a bite at this apple as well. Let me just begin by saying Will that we have been on expense reduction since late last year. So, as you all no we've been calling for a pretty severe downturn when many others were not. In fact, I was criticized quite a bit in the last couple of quarters I mean overly pessimistic on the conference calls. So our view internally has been that this market was going to get very ugly and in fact it did. And based on that view, we began moving on cost in late 2007. But Ken, perhaps you could talk about the sequencing and timing of the reductions.
Ken Kay: Yeah, I think that's right, Brett. First of all, we've been in cost reduction mode for the pretty much the entire year. We started off, I think we talked about this on previous conference call where we were really focused at the beginning of the year on more discretionary items, marketing and promotion and those types of think, travel, entertainment. And then as you know on our second quarter call we talked about ratcheting up the cost reduction program significantly at that point in time. So in the kind of July, August timeframe is when we really turned up the gas, if you will, on terms of generating much more significant cost reductions. So the reason we are able to generate, let's call a 50% plus or so of the run rate benefit in 2008 is because, they are rolling in as those cost reductions are phased in over the course of the year. We will have all the actions completed such that in 2009 we'll benefit from that full run rate of $190 million. So because of the fact that, we have taken cost reduction actions certainly in the first and second quarters and then more robustly in the third quarter, as you expect, well some of those benefits are starting to roll in and that's why we feel that we'll get 50% plus of those this year.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: So, if you park yourself in our shoe and you're building a model for 2009. The way to think about it on a simple basis would be to about 90 million of lower cost, related to these cost cuts?
Ken Kay: In 2008?
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Sorry, well, I'm really thinking about for 2009 because, so, you've essentially realized 90 million already or you will have by the end of the year and so for next year, a 90 million drop in those costs?
Ken Kay: Yeah, I think that's right. I think that's fair from a modeling standpoint.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. Well actually, let me ask you one final question. And that is just, if you can touch briefly on EMEA and it seems to have more of a margin drop, just a lower margin in general than I would have expected and the Americas seem very strong. Can you touch on if there was anything there that makes it unique?
Brett White: Sure. The first thing I would state well, which I know is obviously is that while our margins dropped a bit, it's always been materially and significantly higher than our primary competitors. So we are very proud of that and I believe that, that will continue to be the case in EMEA or you should expect that our margin in EMEA will lead the marketplace in an up and a down market. The reason that margins in EMEA generally drop more quickly than they do in other geographic jurisdictions is the relationship of fixed and variable costs. So the compensation programs for our fee owners or brokers in the EMEA division, has a salary component to it. And as some of our competitors do in more jurisdictions and so that tends to be hurtful to margins in the down market, by the way, it tends to be helpful to margins in an up market. And as you recall, the EMEA margins led our margins the last couple of years and it's for the same exact reason. So that's one of the reasons, by the way, that the EMEA business led by Mike Strong for us in Europe, is very, very careful on costs. And I would tell you without giving you specific numbers and I won't, that they have been very aggressive on their costs in Europe. I think they are doing a terrific job over there on that.
Ken Kay: I have just two things to add to that. One is as the outsourcing business grows, of course we got a mix shift and so there's some margin differential there as, you know, Will. So that will have a little bit of an impact. And then also in 2007, we had a pension credit of about $11 million that reduced expenses last year. So that kind of the year-over-year compare doesn't look as favorable. But that was really more of a one-time credit that benefited 2007.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Great. Thank you very much.
Brett White: Welcome, Will.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Hi, guys, thanks. First I want to touch on the $250 million in incentive comp that you talked about, I think on slide 18. Is that related to just the overall decline in kind of the advisory parts of the business or is there a change in the payout ratios that you guys are putting forth, now given the tough macro?
Brett White: Ken?
Ken Kay: Yeah. It's not necessarily a change in the payout ratios. It's really the reduction if you will, in commissions and bonuses attributable to a lower performance.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Got it.
Ken Kay: So, imagine that everyone has a target to achieve. And if the actual performance is lower than the target, it's generating much lower accruals and that's really what is driving that $250 million savings number.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay. Just wanted to be sure.
Brett White: And just Brandon, to give you some color on that because I think it's something that is a bit different about our firm that we are proud of. The way that we pay many of our executives here is against an EBITDA target. So it's not a profit share. And what that means is, if you take the senior management team in our group, you'll see $0 for bonuses in 2008. And the reason for that is that our EBITDA target was a number, performance is going to be below that number and if the payout ratios move down very quickly, on the downside. So once we pass a threshold in performance there's no bonus for senior management and that model is very prevalent in our business. So, as performance comes down, what you see on many, many, many of our global managers is their bonuses don't move down by performance, they actually move down two, three, four times performance, as, I want to just tell you right now what you'll see in our companies this year is no bonuses at all in senior management, zero, and it's for that reason.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay, that's helpful. Ken, within the investment management business, should we expect similar accrual reversals going forward? There's not an awful lot, kind of hanging up of that $49 million or so. But given the performance and what happened this quarter, fair to assume that Q4 and Q1 may look pretty similar?
Ken Kay: Well, I think as we look to Q4, I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Yeah. I understand.
Ken Kay: I would anticipate that based upon kind of asset valuations and expected results from third party appraisals that we are getting in, in this quarter that there will be some accrual reversals.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay.
Ken Kay: But in the fourth quarter I don't know exactly the magnitude of those yet. But, I would anticipate that we'll have some more of those.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay, that's fair. As you think about the outsourcing business and you talked about the strong renewals of number of clients. How do we think about how the macro environment changes the size of those relevant contracts? You may renew somebody, but the deal is smaller because there's either less space to manage because of increased sublease or fewer services because even the building owners or corporates are trying to look at their own cost structure even in an outsourcing mode. How do we think about out of dollar renewal trends that you are seeing out there or structurally, do you just not see people change the dollars they are spending with you for some of these facilities deal?
Brett White: It's actually the opposite. And by the way that's, you see that in the data right now. You saw that's up, in outsourcing 30% in the third quarter.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Yeah.
Brett White: Which I think is probably the worst quarter I've ever seen in my life in the business. Here's how it works. Outsourcing accelerates in bad time, it's just that simple. And the impact on the outsourcing revenues based on poor times in the marketplace is not particularly meaningful. In fact, it tends to be far out weighed by the expansion of the outsourcing business, both within existing accounts. But what I would tell you right now is we are looking right now at account opportunities that are larger and more encompassing than anything we've seen in our business ever. We are seeing very, very large multinational corporations, who never considered outsourcing before, consider it now. And they are doing that because it is an obvious easily quantifiable way to reduce tens of millions of dollars of operating expense. And shift that work and that responsibility and that risk over to, not the risk, responsibility and work over to a third-party. So our view on the outsourcing business is that known looks for hard times. But in that business line, they welcome them with open arms and they are very, very busy right now. So I don't think you are going to see any sort of impact on the revenues in the outsourcing because of a troubled market, you are going to see the opposite.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay. From a broader picture perspective, can you talk about some of the indicators out there that, give you confidence that investment sale velocity will return. From an outsiders perspective, what either financial metrics, it is [CMBS] spread, is it the TED spread, what kind of things do you think are maybe most indicative or most relevant as we try to gauge what buyers and sellers are looking at to start making decisions about trading properties?
Brett White: Right. In this particular cycle it's not going to be those data points.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay.
Brett White: And what's it in fact, I think it's fair to say that the next couple of quarters going to be pretty tough in investment property sales because, we are digesting some unbelievable body blows the last four months.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Yeah.
Brett White: And we are seeing that and we talked about that in our numbers. The reason that we feel that a upturn in velocity is not a foolish scenario at this point, is that the level of velocity in the business right now is so constrained that, it just seems to us unlikely that it can be sustained for a long period of time going forward. And for the reasons that I mentioned earlier on the call, we are seeing a number of things happened in the marketplace that point us in that direction. So as I mentioned before, one is the bid-ask spread. And that's probably more important than anything. It's the idea that those folks who own lots of property, who in September of 2007 or December of 2007 said, I'm waiting this one out, are now saying, you know what? I don't know how long this valuation decline is going to be into the business. It could be a long time. Therefore, I might as well trade now, than take the risk that it goes down further or it doesn't get any better. As I mentioned also, you have many, many, many of the properties that we deal withheld in funds, those funds that are in the business of trading properties. And it's not likely that those funds are just going to go out of business because the markets soft. What they are going to do is accept a lower rate of return for their and as our LP's will accept a lower rate of return in those funds. Liquidate those funds, move the properties out and those properties will be bought by buyers who -- by that some cases the same folks that are selling. Will be bought because their thesis is that the current level of valuation looks a little trough and that this is probably, it may get a little bit worse, and probably even going to get a lot worse and this may be a good time to reenter the marketplace. So, right now at this point in time, we are not seeing any increase in velocity. But what we are telling you is that our current thesis is that there is a decent reason to be optimistic that velocity should begin to increase. And I don't want to put a timeframe on it.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Yeah.
Brett White: Because, I'll definitely be wrong, so it's certainly, to us it seems like it ought to occur in 2009 and it might occur earlier than later. But we're just going to have to see.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then final question for you, I guess maybe for you, Brett. As you think about the environment and your broker force, a lot of experienced people, some newer people. How do you balance where to kind of draw the line, on who you want to keep? And who you don't think you need to given the slowdown in activity and what they and it's tough to gauge a trajectory on recovery in velocity. But there's got to be a level of what you say, the business is back to '03, '04, we need half as many people and we can see needing half as many people, even if the business for '09 and 2010 starts to recover because there's just there's capacity among your brokers?
Brett White: Yeah. The way that it works is different in the various geographies and I'll explain that to you. First in the states remember that our sales force is fully commissioned. So there is no real fixed cost against our salespeople. They are supported in their offices and there's a lot of platform behind them. And certainly to scale down the platform, against this revenue base does require us to in some cases let some fee owners go. But the folks that in the states that get let go are really perennial low performers. It's not folks, I mean we're not as an example, we're not going into our offices today and looking at the bottom 20% and asking them to leave. And the reason we don't do that in these down cycles and we don't need to do it is, unfortunately the revenue production of a broker defines their compensation. So you really don't need to do much of that. Now as a general course of business, our managers in all of our offices around the world do that anyways, they have their own hurdle rates for production. Their own hurdle rates for productivity, client capture, client retention. And fee owners who don't meet those hurdle rates don't last here. But in a down market that doesn't really change much in the states. Now in other jurisdictions where you have a salary bonus component for fee owners, they unfortunately have to take a different view. And that is why in the EMEA, you saw both us and our primary competitor announce some layoffs of folks who do generate revenue because they are on, they have a salary component of their compensation. So you tend to see a bit more work on the fee owners outside the states than do you inside the states. But across the business we have very, very high hurdles for fee owners on production and client capture and retention for them to remain employed here and those hurdles don't really move up or down much for this market.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Thanks, guys, very helpful.
Brett White: You're welcome.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Jay Haberman. Please go ahead.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, I'm here with, Sloan as well. Maybe for Ken just to start and to go back to the debt covenant question, I think you had alluded to possibly reworking some of the covenants. And I'm just curious, have you begun those conversations and in the event that you would violate the covenants, what would you expect to change? Is it really the interest cost? What are some of the specific terms that you anticipate seeing some changes to?
Brett White: Let me grab this one and I might ask Ken to follow as well. So in terms of the credit agreement as I mentioned on the call, we have a credit agreement that has an awful large number of lenders who have been our partners with us for many, many years. Many of them were in credit agreements that go back for over 10, 15 years. And as we look at the credit agreement, one of the levers we have available to us, should the markets materially worsen is to purchase additional cushion. We certainly don't expect to violate a covenant, Jay. But we could go in proactively and purchase different cushion and that purchase would probably be something that involves fee and rate. How much that would be, we think, we have a pretty good idea. We had a pretty good idea of what we might ask for. But those are remedies that we keep in our back pocket and we watch the market carefully. But I do think that given the high level of uncertainty around the marketplace right now, that discussions of that sort could very well occur. But, we're going to watch and see.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: So if had you to move for example…
Brett White: Ken, do you want to add to that?
Ken Kay: No.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: I mean do you have a sense, if you move the leverage ratio from 375 to somewhere in the order of magnitude of five times, I mean do you have a sense of what have that would change?
Brett White: Well again, Jay, what I don't want to do on the call today is try and speculate, what it is exactly we would do with the lenders. I think they would appreciate us having that conversation with them first than on a public call. But, I will tell you that, we spend a lot of time inside the company, Ken and his team and my team, looking at various scenarios to pride cushion in a worsened market, were that to occur. And certainly modeling around fee leverage ratio covenant has been extensive. And I think we know with explicit detail exactly what different scenarios for that leverage ratio imply for additional covenant EBITDA cushion. That is just straight math. So, yeah, we know what a five times would get us. We know what a four and a quarter times would get us. We know everything in between what it would get. What we'd actually ask for and do is based a lot on what our view is of the future and what we think is a reasonable ask from us, without burdening the company, with additional interest expense and fee. It's a balance. And I think that's really as much as we should talk about that today on this call.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: No, it's fair. And then in terms of compensation, you mentioned obviously the reductions for senior management. I mean do you expect most of the compensation this year to be in the form of stock?
Brett White: No. I think that our expectation at the moment is that, first of all there isn't any bonus compensation for the senior team that, you know, Jay. And the folks that are out in the field as I mentioned, they are unfortunately in a down market, their bonus programs work very much like ours do, which is, we don't need to do anything unusual with their bonuses because their bonuses move down so quickly with lack of performance. Now I will tell you that as you well know and I think most of the callers know, we have in the past, used additional levers to improve EBITDA by either reducing bonuses further from the earned amount or I suppose it certainly is possible we could pay some bonuses in stock, but at the moment that certainly isn't our plan. And we don't believe the market at the moment is being to require that. But I would say the way to think about this for you is that the bonus liability that we show is going to be paid out in cash. And we'll wait and see if things get materially worse, of course, we'll re-look at that.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then back to the question on in terms of size. At this point what's the change in terms of headcount versus where you were at the start of the year, in terms of your announcements to date?
Brett White: Yeah, it's, I think the way to answer that question is if you look at the total as the number of vacated and unfilled positions. So folks that left for their own reasons that we didn't terminate and we left those positions vacant, plus terminated employees. Ken, do you want to give a number on that or not?
Ken Kay: Yeah. I mean the combination of that of the vacated positions and reduction is about 1100.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then I know you mentioned raising capital as possibly an option down the road. At this point have you had any conversations with Blum or is that at this point too early?
Brett White: With Blum, well, I think the right way to answer that question is to tell you that we've done some work on all the remedies that I discussed with you first. Obviously on the OPEX side, I think we are very good at that and we spent an awful lot of time, not only on the cost reductions we've made today, but what additional cost levers exist in the business that we could push on should the market worsen. We've done a lot of work on what, if anything, we might approach our lenders with. We've done a lot of work on pricing in the sense of trying to understand what the private and public markets look like at the moment and what the cost of that capital might be. We've done enough work that I think we have a pretty good feel for the economics around it. But that's as far as we've gone.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, I'm Sloan, just one quick question for Ken. You'd spoken about four selling with some funds due to redemptions, have you seen much in the way of any redemptions within your own investment management segment?
Ken Kay: No, nothing of any consequence.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Brett White: And, Sloan, just to give you some and Ken's exactly right, I'll give you some color on that. What we are seeing in our own investment management business is that, as you know, we have many, many, funds that are in the marketplace in various stages of maturity. And we do have LPs within those funds who clearly are looking for liquidity for themselves. And so I think the way to just give you some color on that is that we have some LPs who have said, we have our own issues at home and, gosh, if you could liquidate that fund a little earlier than you might have thought, we would accept a lower rate of return and we certainly listen to them carefully. But our LPs don't really have a redemption rate. It's not like they can call up and say, give us our money back. That money is invested. We have the latitude to run those investments as we see fit. But we are certainly sensitive to the fact that many of the larger global LPs would like to get some liquidity and if we can help them we certainly will. That of course is one of the dynamics that Anthony I believe brought up earlier in the call that is we believe going to enhance transaction velocity in the relative near term.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. That's helpful.
Brett White: Sure.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Pat Burton. Please go ahead.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Yes, hi, I guess my question is for Ken. Ken, how much of the costs are variable? You've outlined what you've cut in operating expenses and in terms of variable comp, but right off the top, how much is like commission in the sales and leasing and how should we think of that as revenues fall?
Ken Kay: Well, the number we talked about of being, really variable and moving based upon actual results versus targets is about $250 million. The $190 million that we talked about which would be in addition to that 250 is really more, almost all what I would call fixed in nature. In other words, it's salaries and those types of costs that would be permanent reductions. So if you just bifurcating the total 440 million, think of the 250 million as really variable and the 190 as more fixed in nature.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Okay. And then on the property development income, how should we think about that going forward? Is that just quarters you have and some quarters it will be materially less?
Ken Kay: I'm sorry, say that again, I'm not sure I understand.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: The 42 million from the property development, did I have that number right?
Ken Kay: You're talking about the gains.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Yeah, the gains, correct.
Ken Kay: That's a business that's really driven by transactions. And the timing of those transactions is very difficult to predict. So it's going to be a variable amount on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Typically what happens in the development business is, it's very back-end loaded so you will see more activity traditionally in the fourth quarter, some in the third quarter. And then lighter activity in the first couple of quarters of the year. So it's not necessarily going to be the 42 million, it is being a recurring amount. There will be gains but it will be variable depending upon the number of transactions and the size of the transactions that we consummate during the quarter.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Anthony Paolone. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Thank you. Just a couple of follow-ups. In the investment management business, how much committed equity do you have that hasn't been deployed yet or is not necessarily included in the AUM number?
Brett White: That's a good question, Anthony, and I don't know the answer to it. We did talk about in our deck that we've raised multiple billion of dollars this year and I think it's a fair assumption that most of that money has not been deployed. I think, Anthony, a better answer I could give you is that, if you look around the marketplace for 2008, the numbers very widely depends on who you read. But the amount of equity that's been raised for commercial real estate this year is well north of $100 billion and some numbers have it north of $300 billion. And most of that money have not been deployed. It is one of the reasons why we believe the transaction velocities are due to increase. There is a mountain of equity, sitting out there in investment manager's hands, that needs to get deployed. They are paid to deploy it and I think they will deploy it. But the majority of it has not been deployed and our business I think is not much different than the rest.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: If it does not get deployed over a certain period of time do you lose it? Do you get fees on it in the meantime how does that work?
Brett White: For most investment management companies and in our business the way it works if you have a period of time where you are paid on the committed capital that you don't have to deploy it. But when that period of time expires, and it depends on the fun, it can be a year, two years for deployment, you got to give it back and I would just tell you that the rare investment management company does that. The way to, I believe to think about that, Anthony, is in any marketplace good real estate investment managers believe they can find value and certainly in this marketplace where values have come down so far under so much dislocation, I think most investment managers believe that there is going to be a lot of value to be had in the market in 2009 and we are getting ready to deploy that capital but that's how it works.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay. And then last question on the facilities management business, I think you mentioned in your commentary that it ran at lower EBITDA margin than it typically would in a quarter. Can you tell us what that margin was?
Brett White: Ken, you want to handle that?
Ken Kay: Yes, I don't think it was running lower per se than what it runs on an annual basis. Typically, it's around the 10%, 11% range.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: That's what it was in the third quarter?
Ken Kay: Yes.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: And that should be a pretty normalized rate for that business?
Ken Kay: Yes, it won't vary much over time. There are opportunities to increase it based upon the economies and leveraging, purchasing power and such but that's probably a good set of statistics to use in the near term.
Brett White: And that's exactly right, Ken. And the way that business works and the reason that those margins don't move a lot, Anthony, is that that business is a people based business. So as you on board these accounts, you on board the people that run those accounts, that manage those buildings and a lot of reimbursable costs comes through that line. I should say that the way we account for outsourcing is that the transaction work which is really the high margin piece of that business, is for the most part stripped out of our accounting for that line and put over by activity in the transaction lines. So what our account managers or outsourcing people would say to you if they were on the call is, if you gave us credit for all the transactions we do on behalf of these very large multinationals, you would see that margin in the mid-to-high teens. But, gosh, all that goes over to the brokerage line where those transactions actually are done. And I think that's a fair comment.
Anthony Paolone - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Brett White: Well, I'd like to finally pass along some news that is certainly sad for CB Richard Ellis but terrific and exciting news for our CFO, Ken Kay. Ken has accepted one of those proverbial offers too good to refuse as he put it and after a long period of soul searching and thoughtful consideration as would you expect from Ken, he has decided to leave CB Richard Ellis later year to pursue a carrier with a public company outside of the commercial real estate services industry. Fortunately, and as you would expect, CB Richard Ellis has a very strong tradition of succession planning and over the past two years Ken has built a terrific team around that and prepared that succession plan. Ken is number two in the business. Gil Borok, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer has been groomed for over the past two years, to step into Ken's position if needed. Gil is well known to I think almost all of you on the call, is well known within our company and the business in general. Gil has been a member of our senior management team and a Section 16 officer since 2003. So Gil has been very, very deep in our finance functions for a very long time. Currently, Gil is responsible for accounting, tax, budgeting and, internal audit, and he's worked as a team with Ken on all of our external audit and audit committee matters. So we expect an absolutely seamless and disruption free transition over the coming weeks as Ken completes the tasks on his plate, and he and Gil manage this through conclusion. We are certainly sorry to see Ken go and we thank him for his six years of service. We are awfully excited for him and his family and his new chapter in his life, and perhaps more importantly we are excited for Gill and believe all of you will fine working with Gill to be a pleasure and just as productive and comfortable as you found your relationship with Ken. Before we closed the call, I thought it would be appropriate to allow Ken to talk to you directly. So Ken?
Ken Kay: Thanks, Brett. Most importantly, I want everyone to know that my departure is solely as a result of having a remarkable opportunity at another prominent public company. An announcement from that company will be forthcoming. We have accomplished a lot over the last six years and certainly one of the most important of those accomplishments has been the building of a team of people around me, including Gil that can handle pretty much anything that the company has to manage. As would you expect of me, I have made it a priority for years to give Gil an ever-increasing set of my responsibilities culminating in his five-year tenure as a Section 16 officer, head of accounting with tax and a myriad of other responsibilities underneath him. Gil has worked side-by-side with me for many years and the company is in terrific hands with Gil heading finance. Everyone should rest assured that there is no hidden reason for me leaving the company. My decision to leave CBRE was a very, very difficult one and I believe this company is not only the finest firm in the industry but will emerge from this downturn stronger and better positioned than any of its competitors.
Brett White: Thank you all for participating and, operator, this will conclude our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk: Thank you, and welcome to CB Richard Ellis second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Last night we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the home page of our website at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archive audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled, forward-looking statements. This presentation contains statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our momentum, and possible scenarios for 2008 and 2009, future operations, future expenses and future financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that you may hear today. Please refer to our current annual report on Form 10-K, in particular risk factors and our current quarterly report on Form 10-Q which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov for a full discussion of the risks and other factors that may impact any estimates that you may hear today. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation which include references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures which are attached hereto [ph] within the appendix. Please turn to slide 3. Our management team members participating today include Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ken Kay, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Ray Torto, our Global Chief Economist. I would now like to turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Nick and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 4. I know that most of you are hoping to hear the fundamentals and commercial real estate have bottomed and business conditions are improving. At the time of this call, I can best describe the current environment as being very challenging and still having a high probability of getting worse before we see improvement. That being said, our management team has gotten this Company through similar environments in the past and sure there's have been conditions have worsened and would likely worsen more. We also know they will bottom and then will improve. When conditions do improve they should do so with some vigor. Let's again reflects the same, our major account win, growth and revenue and profitability across all of our outsourcing businesses continues to be impressive, but flight of key talent and clients from regional and national competitors to our firm continues as the flight quality strengthens. Our retention of key personnel remains very high and morale is good somewhat. Our mergers and acquisition strategy has been executed according to plan year-to-date, with 13 firms having been acquired in the past 7 months. Capital commitments in our global investment management business continued its strong pace and we believe we will raise an excess of $7 billion of new equities this year. And for now what's new? The global markets have taken a decided turn for the worse. Global capital markets sentiment after showing early signs of stability in the beginning of the second quarter, have deteriorated substantially since then. And these markets are arguably worse now than at any time in recent memory, with no indication of recovery any time soon. As we have been predicting since late 2007, the U.S. and UK leasing volumes are now deteriorating materially due to slowdown in this two large economies. Volume decline in both the capital markets and leasing businesses are approaching the worst decline seen in the early 1990s and 2001 through 2003. We see no near term recovery in either. All of this combines to provide us a much more negative outlook on the business today than we saw earlier this year. Please turn to slide 5. Although markets are extremely difficult, CB Richard Ellis continues to post significant new business gains and is being hired by the world's largest owners and occupiers to handle their real estate needs. Listed on slide 5 are just a few of our major wins for the second quarter, which includes the sale of the General Motors building in New York, the largest single property asset sale in history. Now overall investment sales market activity went down as result of the economic environment. We continue to command an outside share of total activity. According to real capital analytics, in the first half of 2008, CB Richard Ellis' share of total U.S. investment sales activity with 17% or more than double our nearest competitor with a 7% share. In addition, we once again held the number one position across office, industrial, retail and multi-housing properties. Please turn to slide 6; we are continuing to leverage our dominant market position and financial strength to pursue our infield acquisition strategy and we were highly active in the second quarter. We completed five transactions since the end of the first quarter, for an aggregate purchase price of $13 million. The transactions add approximately $50 million of revenue on an annualized basis. year-to-date in 2008, we completed thirteen transactions for an aggregate purchase price of $135 million, which adds $152 million of revenue annually. Please turn to slide 7; as we have done in the past couple of quarters, I would like to update you on select U.S. commercial real estate statistics, to provide some context to what we're seeing in the market. Forecast vacancy rates for 2008 for both industrial and retail properties in U.S. have deteriorated since our last call. However the forecast for the office market improved modestly to 14.3% from our prior forecast of 14.7%. These projections are a direct result of the corresponding U.S. absorption trends we forecast Our cap rate forecast by property type have also increased as the slide illustrates. Ray Torto will spend more time discussing market metrics in just a few minutes. Please turn to slide 8. Here we've provided a more detailed breakdown of results of our sales and leasing businesses in the Americas. Sales for the second quarter declined 49% year-over-year. Year-to-date sales were down 44%. As expected U.S. capital market activity remained weak in the second quarter. Investor sentiment is extremely cautious, credit availability is sharply limited and buyer and seller expectations are highly polarized. These factors conspired to reduce market wide investment sales activity by 60% during the first half of 2008, according to real capital analytics. As we had predicted on our earnings call last quarter, the U.S. leasing business experienced the impact of the economic slowdown and declined 16% in the second quarter, as compared to the second quarter last year. On a year-to-date basis, leasing was down 2% from a year ago. For the first time in more than a year, both suburban and down town office vacancy rates increased. Turning to slide 9; we see that sales and leasing results for EMEA. Compared to last year CBRE's sales revenue in EMEA was down 33%, both for the second quarter and year-to-date 2008, for the same reasons we just describes in the Americas. Most of Europe is expected by this dud active location [ph] although investor demand appears to have held up most currently in Eastern Europe. Although the leasing business in EMEA grew 6% in the second quarter, the rate of growth has slowed considerably from last quarter. Leasing activity in rent movement in the main European office market increasingly reflect the weaker economic outlook for the region, and we continue to expect leasing activity this year to fall short of last year's exceptional levels. In the UK leasing dropped sharply in the second quarter, particularly in the city financial district. Second quarter results for the Asia-Pacific region is as shown on slide 10. A slowing global macro economy and unsettled international capital markets have impacted real estate investor confidence in Asia as well. Sales revenue for the region was down 23% in the second quarter, compared to the same quarter last year and lowered by 10% year-to-date. The leasing business was up 31% for the quarter but like EMEA, the rate of growth is showing signs of a slowing. For a more detailed discussion of our economic outlook, I will now turn the call over to Ray Torto. Ray?
Ray Torto: Thank you, Brett. Please turn to slide 11. On financial icon stumble, assets prices are in derogatory [ph], cost of living and doing business is escalating. Animal spirit, Ian de Stains [ph], call them dominates the market fundamentals besides the point. The unwinding of the U.S. housing and mortgage market euphoria has produced tremors that at mid year 2008, have reached seismic proportion. Whereas a year ago, risk was priced very low, investors could not get enough of it. Today the market is fissile of almost any credit risk. Financial institutions and markets across the globe are reflecting that fear. It is our view that U.S. policymakers have addressed aggressively and successfully the problems of systematic risk of the U.S. economy. However, we expect more bad news over the next six to nine months from the economy, as job cuts continue, and from real estate markets, as occupancy, rents and prices fall. That said, we think the headlines do not accurately reflect the real estate fundamentals, whether in the United States or across the globe. No one can predict on the trepidation belief that companies and investors will prepare for more bad news with a strategy in mind in the short run and plan for the recovery in the long term will emerge stronger in the end. Since I am not a psychologist but an economist, I can only bring to the discussion an analysis of the fundamentals. Let us look first at the economics fundamentals. Economic growth has slowed dramatically in the United States, Europe, in Asia and Japan as shown in slide 11. However, Asia ex-Japan still is growing above 8%. Unfortunately the U.S. and Europe combined, make up about 50% of global GDP. If we add in Japan, that is another 7%. What is growing fast is small and what is slowing is majority of the world output. Europe's economy has been hampered by constraints of our consumer spending, which is being impacted by a combination of rise inflation, high interest rates, falling housing prices. As a consequence, most European economies are expected to produce sub-trend growth for 2008. In Asia, slowing global macro economy and unsettled international capital markets have impacted consumer expectations, as has inflation in food costs. Banks are taking a cautious stand in granting loans coupled with the need to raise interest rates to curb inflation. The impact is that all economies are slowing their pace of growth. That said, the pace is still quite strong in Asia compared to Europe and the United States. Asia 3 billion is positive for the U.S., because the U.S. trade balance is narrowing as imports fall and exports accelerate. The continued growth in Asia plus the weak dollar make it possible for U.S. exports to increase significantly. Some economists are estimating that trade alone will add about 1 percentage point of GDP growth in the second quarter. Fed Chairman Bernanke has recounted the numerous difficulties facing the U.S. economy and the ongoing strains in financial markets, declining house prices and softening labor markets, rising prices of oil, food, and some other commodities. We expect more bad news in all of these areas for the remainder of 2008 and into 2009 during what we see as a slow recovery. Stock growth is an important dollar of demand for commercial real estate. In slide 12, we contrast current path of job losses with the levels during the last financially-driven downturn in the early 1990's. We believe the pace of job losses in 2008 is less alarming than it was back then. In the 1990's there were 12 months of job losses of greater magnitude than we've seen today, followed by nine months of essentially flat growth. 2008, we are thus passing six months of job losses. I can certainly expect the next 3 to 6 to be similar. But we don't expect the size of the losses to reach a level early 1990's. The U.S. economy is adjusting from an unsustainable over allocation of resources into housing and mortgage production and from auto and airline industry restructuring due to long-term implications of oil prices. In light of this, it is surprising that the job losses to date have not been greater. Fortunately, there are sectors of economy that are growing, such as export industry, oil, healthcare and life sciences. Unfortunately, this growth, which we believe will continue into next year, is not enough to offset the negative drag of construction financial and auto and airline related decline. But we think the overall job growth will be modestly positive in 2009. It will not be strong enough to match the growth of the labor force. Hence, unemployment rates will continue to rise into 2009 even if jobs changed numbers eventually trend positively. If we were to trace the line going forward from today, in slide 12, we would show modest job losses for the next six months, followed by stabilization and a slight recovery. Job contraction will be shallower than in the 1990s but nevertheless painful. Let's turn now to commercial real estate fundamentals. Slowing global economy has impacted commercial real estate fundamentals. Its net absorption or take up has slowed almost everywhere, and both occupancy and rents have fallen a bit. For example, in the U.S. second quarter vacancy levels are up over year ago levels by 50 to 100 basis points which is shown in slide 13. The current level of vacancy is in the range of a natural rate, which is the rate at which rents will continue to rise and then will fall. However, vacancy is expected to rise into 2009 while absorption turns slightly negative. So upcoming quarters will bring more bad news in the commercial real estate, higher vacancy, lower rents, weak absorption but will not approach the acute pain we saw in the early 1990's downturn or even in the 2001 technology recession. The expectation for commercial real estate is much like what we describe for job growth, shallow weakening but stretching through 2009. While we expect overall market fundamentals to soften, many commercial properties with tenants in place will not see their cash flows back. In fact, strong market rental growth in recent years is boosting NOI and cash flow, a central [ph] from four year, a longer leases into today's marketplace. Good cash flows are one reason that CMBS delinquency rates continue to be at historic lows, just 0.44% across all property touch. Properties that are on the cuts for trouble are those with marginal tenants or no tenants because of he competitive disadvantages of speculative development reason. Because there are a few distressed owners, investment market has seen a large spread between bid and asked pricing after transaction velocity down considerably. Let us compare today to history. Let's put today's real estate market for Bell into context, by comparing the economic and real estate performance in 2008 to earlier recessionary periods, especially the early 1990s and 2001. The rate of negative change of GDP and job growth during this cycle is expected to be relatively modest. As already indicated, negative job growth will not be as severe as earlier periods and GDP is expected to stay positive during this downturn. As shown on slide 14, economic rent, it is a measure of the change in gross income of the property, is forecasted to decline just 1.2% on average across the country during this down cycle. This is dramatically better than the sharp reduction in 2001, well below the decline of the early 1990's as well. Relatively sanguine analysis does not mean that we don't expect some pain as the economies continue to move from product [ph] to correction in 2008. Of course, most of the correction is expected in the pricing of real estate assets. Next we turn to capital market. Global capital market have weaken materially, global investment sales activity dropped by approximately 50% during the first half of 2008. Please turn to slide fifteen. These estimates are according to Real Capital Analytics. Overall market conditions remain extremely challenging, focusing on the U.S., the CMBS market is booming. Only $12 billion of originations during first half '08 compared to $137 billion, the first half of '07, as Wall Street lenders focus on restoring their balance sheet and repairing their reputation. Higher spreads coupled with much tighter underwriting standards has raised capital costs significantly and made proxy acquisitions less attractive for many buyers, particularly with sellers holding the line on pricing. The growing concerns about Freddie Mac and Fanny Mae has added to the negative market psychology. Although the announced Treasury and Fed plans appear to have restored some level of confidence in the capital market. Most equity investors continue to take wait and see attitude. Exception are Southern Well Funds and other well capitalized offshore investors, for whom I can add Trophy Assets full strong appeal. This can be seen in the significant role of Middle East Capital in Boston [ph] properties purchase of the GM building and recapitalization of the Chrysler building. However foreign fund activity is limited to a handful of major big cities like New York, Washington, Houston and Los Angeles. Still the market stand-off prevails. Sellers generally hold firm to offer pricing or buyers demur from raising bids appreciably. Interestingly owner's confidence is reinforced by not only by their current cash flows but potential NOI and asset value implications to general price inflation. Production costs are high, high [ph] and the pipeline is very limited and if there is tight [ph] kind of market in near future, real estate would be a good inflation hedge. Bridging the divide in expectations and forging a meeting of the mind on valuation will be essential to returning the investment markets to more normalized activity levels. One thing is certain, there is plenty of capital looking to buy real estate at the right price. Investors are only uncertain about when they should reenter the market, not if they should. We strongly believe the commercial real estate will hold up well relative to other asset classes. Property market fundamentals, capital market volumes and philosophies take time to recover, but in the long term investors will continue to look to real estate for income, appreciation and diversification. I would like now to turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Kay: Thanks Ray. As indicated on slide 16, revenue was $1.3 billion for the quarter. Net income adjusting for one-time items $33.2 million which translates to 16 net cents in adjusted earnings per share. Normalized EBITDA came in at $114.5 million. The biggest contributors to the decline in adjusted net income and earnings per share were the 12% decline in the revenues and resulting margins driven predominantly by both lower sales on a global basis and leasing in the U.S. and the UK. These declines were offset by growth in outsourcing revenues albeit with lower EBITDA margins. Included in the revenue decline were lower results from the global investment management business due to the timing of recognition of carried interest revenue and incentive fees, both of which typically generate higher EBITDA margins. The development services business also reflected low EBITDA as a result of gains from property dispositions that were deferred. The decline in margins and net profitability are magnified by the uniqueness of the economic downturn we are experiencing. In prior recession, capital markets and leasing mostly moved in different directions, providing a natural hedge if you will. In other words when the economy was down, interest rates were lowered in order to stimulate growth. This in turn stimulated the capital markets business. This growth in the Capital Markets business naturally served to mitigate softness in leasing. There may have been several quarters of overlap, but when the economy started to rebound and interest rates increased, leasing growth would then take hold and provide mitigation to the lessening of the Capital Market's activity level. However, what we are seeing in this economic downturn, some may call it a recession, are conditions that are detrimental to both the capital markets and leasing businesses and a general dearth of available financing, which does have a depressing affect on the development services and global investment management businesses as well. As we have always said, a slack collection [ph] environment would be the worst scenario for the commercial real estate industry and these markets are behaving accordingly. Consequently the steepness of the margin declines which could be in the range of 300 to 400 basis points is reflective of the simultaneous negative effects on our highest margin businesses, thus driving a deeper impact on earnings. Our second quarter results are summarized on slide seventeen. For the quarter revenue was $1.3 billion, down $175.5 million or 12% from the year ago quarter. The decline in revenue was primarily due to the reasons previously discussed and we'll provide another top level view on revenues in a few more slides. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services rose to 56.1% from 53.1% in the second quarter last year. This increase was mainly due to the shift in the mix of revenues with outsourcing including reimbursable [ph] growth, comprising a greater portion of the total, additional higher professional salaries resulting from prior acquisitions mostly in the EMEA and Asia Pacific and organic growth at the services platform also added to the cost base. Operating expenses of $468.8 million were essentially flat versus the second quarter of last year. Declines in overall compensation cost from lower incentive compensation expense were offset by a higher salaried personnel, mostly due to acquisitions, increased technology spending and higher occupancy cost coming from new offices in international growth markets. The equity loss from unconsolidated subsidiaries was primarily attributable to the write-down resulting from the decline in value of an investment maintained by the Global Investment Management business. The second write-down of an investment maintained by the Global Investment Management business was reflected in other loss. The additional shortfall from the prior year's second quarter equity income was attributable to equity income from a fund liquidation in the Global Investment Management business and equity income from gains on disposition of assets by the Development Services business, both in the second quarter of last year which did not recur. After adjusting for one time items the resulting EBITDA for the quarter was $114.5 million, down 57% or $153.1 million from the prior year. Please turn to slide number 18. This slide reflects the Company's year-to-date operating results through the second quarter. We have provided this information for your reference, but will not devoting time to discuss this in our prepared remarks. Please turn to slide number 19. Total revenue in the second quarter of 2008 decreased by 12% from the prior year second quarter. Leasing was the business line that generated the most revenue as the percentage of total Company revenue at 33%, but declined 6% year-over-year. Property and Facilities Management continued to deliver strong performance and grew 29% year-over-year for the second quarter. Sales revenue on a combined basis was down 42% from the prior year quarter. The appraisal and valuation business declined by 9% in the quarter. New valuation assignments trended lower reflecting the difficult macro environment. Global Investment Management revenue was down 50% year-over-year, and Development Services revenue was up 84% attributable, mainly to construction revenue. The commercial mortgage brokerage business was down 44% year-over-year as the credit crunch continued to exact a toll on loan volume. Second quarter 2008 loan originations fell 46% to $3.2 billion as compared with the second quarter of 2007. The decrease was less pronounced then the first quarter when year-over-year volume fell 60. Please turn to slide number 20. Our contractual outsourcing business continues to be a significant growth engine for CB Richard Ellis. More companies are making the decision to outsource their real estate functions and we continue to succeed in winning, expanding and renewing long-term contracts with these corporations. During the second quarter, we added five new outsourcing clients, including Visa, and Dr. Pepper Snapple. We expanded six existing relationships, including General Electric and Piedmont Health, and we renewed existing relationships with 8 clients, including BP America and Bank of America. Our property and facilities square footage under management has grown at a very healthy rate that has increased by approximately 6% since the end of 2007. Please turn to slide number 21. The development services business continues to maintain an active development program. At the end of the second quarter of 2008 in-process development and investment totaled $6.2 billion, unchanged from the second quarter of 2007 and down 5% from year-end 2007. The pipeline at the end of the second quarter 2008 stood at $3.7 billion, up 9% and 37% from the second quarter and year-end of 2007 respectively. Revenue for the second quarter of 2008 increased primarily due to construction revenue, which also led to a corresponding increase in construction job costs thereby not translating into increased operating income or EBITDA. After adjusting for the impact of purchase accounting on the gains from disposition of development projects, pro forma EBITDA of $2.6 million was $5.9 million lower than the second quarter of 2007, mainly due to higher equity income revenue recognized last year, due to the sale of non-consolidated development assets, which did not recur this quarter. Gains from projects that had been expected to be sold in the second quarter of 2008 were deferred into future quarters. Please turn to slide number 22. The global investment management business continued the growth of assets under management. Assets under management totaled $43.7 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2008, up approximately 32% and 16% from the second quarter and year end of 2007 respectively. For the first half of 2008, we made acquisitions of $3.8 billion and dispositions of $600 million. The purchase of a majority interest in Wood Partners in the first quarter of 2008 contributed another $2.4 billion to assets under management. Revenue for the second quarter of 2008 of $42.7 million was lower than the prior year comparable quarter by $41.1 million. Fees for assets under management actually increased commensurate with the rise in assets under management, but were offset by a virtual lack of carried interest revenue, down by $24.1 million, reduced incentive fees from separate accounts and slightly lower acquisition fees. As we noted on last quarters call, both the first and second quarters of 2008 faced a difficult compares on carried interest, which were predominantly realized in the beginning quarters of 2007, but more back end loaded in 2008. Given the current conditions in the investment sales marketplace, the recognition of carried interest revenue for 2008 may be deferred into 2009 and beyond. EBITDA for the second quarter was negatively impacted by the decline in higher margin incentive based revenues. Compounding the drop in EBITDA was an $11.9 million write-down of two investments, attributable to declining market valuations and a lack of equity income fund liquidations in the current quarter, as compared to equity income of approximately $13 million from such recognized in the second quarter of last year. Our carried interest detail is shown on slide number 23. In the second quarter, we recognized $400,000 of carried interest revenue. We also recorded $2.6 million in additional carried interest incentive compensation expense, all of which relates to future periods. Revenue, as of June 30th, 2008 the company maintains accumulative remaining accrual of carried interest compensation expense of approximately $64 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. Please turn to slide number 24. Excluding the mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and development services real estate loans, which are non-recourse, our total net debt at the end of the second quarter of 2008 was approximately $2.3 billion. The development services business finances its project with third-party financing sources. The substantial majority of these real estate loans are recourse to the development projects but non-recourse to the company. As of June 30th 2008, the other debt category on our balance sheet included a non-recourse revolving credit line balance of $46.5 million, related to the development services business. The outstanding balance of real estate loans was $586 million, of which only $2 million was recourse to the company. The outstanding amount on our revolver at quarter end was $404.7 million. This reflects an increases of $93.5 million from the first quarter of 2008. This increase in borrowings, combined with the lower cash balance, were primarily driven by cash used for acquisitions, additional payments of 2007 incentive compensation and investments made by the global investment management business. As we progress through the balance of 2008, our focus will be to predominantly utilize excess cash flow from operations to reduce the revolver balance outstanding. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio at June 30th, 2008, was 2.9 times as compared to 2.1 times at June 30th, 2007. Our trailing 12 month interest coverage ratio was 6.2 times. Our weighted average cost of debt was approximately 4.1% at June 30th, 2008 versus 6.8% at June 30th 2007. Our normalized internal cash flow for the second quarter of 2008 is illustrated on slide 25. This metric is derived by adjusting normalized net income for the effective depreciation, amortization, net capital expenditures, cash from the development services net gains that were excluded from the P&L due to purchase accounting rules and the cash component of acquisition-related costs. On this basis, our second quarter trailing 12 month internal cash flow was $369 million. Due to our limited capital expenditure and working capital needs, our internal cash flow trended to be highly correlated with our net income. For the second quarter, net capital expenditure were $19 million. We now expect full year 2008 capital expenditures to come in at approximately $70 million. I'll now turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White: Thank you, Ken and thank you Ray. Please turn to slide 26. As we've said since late 2007 providing any definitive outlook on 2008 is impossible in this environment. Also, as we have done the past few quarters, we will continue to describe the outcome of our ongoing modeling that provides a range of earnings possibilities for the full year. As we have said the past few quarters, this is not guidance because we do not have visibility into future quarters, as we would, in a more normal operating environment. However, as we have done the past few quarters we can examine current data and make some educated guesses around the possible performance scenarios. Our current model assumes the following: no near term recovery in the global credit market, significantly weakened agency leasing and tenant representation activity globally. The realization of carried interest non-investment management business in 2008 will be well below 2007 levels. And the growth and profitability of the corporate services and facilities management business is not enough to offset the weaknesses in those markets just discussed. Our updated models incorporating a pessimistic view of the state of the global economy, the depth of the capital markets downturn as well as the expected continued softness in agency leasing and tenant representation, now indicate that 2008 earnings per share could be down versus the prior year by as much as 40 to 50%. As we described previously, this is not guidance, and it's just one possible outcome at this point in time. In late 2007, we implemented cost reductions, and we are currently taking additional steps to reduce our expense levels to better match reduced revenue expectation. As you have seen in the past, cost cutting and expense management are familiar levers we use in depressed market environment. Our efforts to lower expenses are focused on those cost drivers that can be implemented without harming the future growth opportunities of the company, and that will beneficially impact cost in a meaningful way in 2009 and beyond. As in prior downturn, we intend to leverage our platform and brand strength to take advantage of these difficult markets. Through aggressive recruitment of key talent and clients as well as a robust, modern [ph] and acquisitions program. We believe we have derive outside benefits from the recovery in the market just as we did in the 2003 through 2007 timeframe. This thus concludes our formal comments today. Ken, Ray and I now take questions? Operator, you can now begin the Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from the line of Will Marks of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
William Marks: Good morning, Brett, Ken. Question on the... on the Investment Management business. I may have missed this but, on the green part of the table, it looks like the regular investment management fees have dropped Q2 versus Q1 and that's not just based on assets under management or equity under management. Can you clarify that?
Kenneth Kay: Yes, the overall the fees for assets under management have increased commensurate with the growth in assets under management but I am looking at the slide right now but --
William Marks: 22
Kenneth Kay: Yes the... from an appearance standpoint it looks like they are down but they are not... in reality they're not. What else is included in there are incentive fees, as well as acquisition fees. And so the fees for assets under management have actually grown, but it's the incentive fees that are down and the acquisition fees that are down obviously as a result of the market place.
Brett White: So Bill, what we will do when we portray our Investment Management Business is, we try and separate it out for you, the carried interest component of those revenues separately and then we bolt together under basically both the annual fee we are paid for assets under management but also the small incentive fees we get for acquisitions and dispositions. So in this quarter, I believe for this year this has just been little acquisition disposition fee. That line is down, but as Ken mentioned the fee we were paid for assets under management is actually up for the quarter and year-over-year.
William Marks: And is it safe to say that the majority of the $42 million of the investment management fees were based on assets under management.
Brett White: Yes.
Kenneth Kay: Yes.
William Marks: Okay and one other question, big picture, with your changes you mentioned with the... could be as much as 40% to 50% decline in earnings, can you tie that to a drop in margin, I think in the past you had said it would be a pretty fast in the year [ph] for the margin to drop 200 basis points from last year which I think last year was about 16% EBITDA margin on a stabilized basis.
Brett White: Right, and I remember, Ken talked you specifically about what we're seeing margin declines only set the stage for that. What we have in this marketplace is at least in this industry at the moment is a classic stagflation type environment, we're heading two separate head winds, but those head winds had both the primary drivers that really provide growth to this industry, first is the health of general economies which provide lift for the leasing business and second the health of capital markets, which provide lift for obviously our capital markets business. In most downturns what you see is, while there may be a overlap of a quarter or two where both were down in most downturns and Ken talked about this in his prepared comments, as the economies heat up and you see strong leasing, Fed comes in, raises interest rates and that impacts the capital markets down. Conversely, when the economy is soft, the Fed comes in, lowers interest rates and that's put fuel in the capital markets. We're in one of those fairly and thanks goodness unique scenarios where you have both drivers negatively impacted and we've talked about in the past and I think you probably heard us talk about. The worst environment for this industry is a stagflation type environment and while we're not technically... if you listen to the economist, not typically in a stagflation environment for all [indiscernible] and purposes for this industry we absolutely are. So the margin decline we've always talked about is the 100 or 200 basis points assumed a normal downturn cycle. This is not by any means a normal downturn cycle and this exacerbates the margin decline. But Ken you... you might reiterate what you mentioned just a moment ago in your prepared comments.
Kenneth Kay: Yes I mean when we were talking before we said that the margins would be down in the range of 300 to 400 basis points. As compared to what Brett mentioned it was 150 or 100 to 200 basis points, that we talked about before and obviously what's driving that is the reasons that Brett mentioned and also that the impact some of these markets have on some of the incentive based revenues for instance the carried interest revenue and potentially the gains from the Development Services business. So those are the things that end up driving it to a steeper reduction in the margins and then just to reiterate would be in there that 300 to 400 basis point range.
William Marks: Great. Thank you, there.
Operator: Okay, thank you. The next question comes from the line of Robert Reik, [ph] William Blair & Company. Please go ahead
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys.
Brett White: Morning.
Unidentified Analyst: When you talk about taking some cost out of business, what your expectations for sales to slow, leasing to slow, you assume that the compensations can be a part of that, Brett can you touch on the differences around the various geographies that might prevent that from happening and how much of head wind that is?
Brett White: Sure I would say that in the context of the overall industry we have some good advantages in our ability to get our cost. We can move on both discretionary operating expense which is something we do frequently when the markets are constrained and our compensation system both in terms of management bonuses and comp and in terms of incentive compensation for our sales [ph], we have... the systems that we use, the compensation plans we use move very quickly down as revenues come down. So most of our sales people [ph], [indiscernible] around the world are on some sort of a commission program, even the proper share programs that we use in some jurisdictions in Europe behave a lot like a commission program does move greatly with expense and as I mentioned on the management side, the way we handle compensation here is as we move down on the EBITDA line, management compensation moves down as well. So I guess where I would respond to your question is, we don't feel we have any headwinds that constrained us from realizing what are really pretty significant reductions in OpEx both on discretionary OpEx and on compensation around our [indiscernible] and management.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, okay, great. And then looking at the mix in Asia Pac, is that still predominantly transaction oriented and then if you could touch on any kind of margin expectations for that region.
Brett White: The mix in Asia Pacific is definitely... the revenue and EBITDA mix is definitely skewed towards transactions. We do have a very significant management services and corporate services business in Asia Pacific. However those are relatively low margins and so our Asia Pacific business, yes is definitely skewed towards the transactions, that have been said that you saw in the result of this quarter and you've seen for a number of quarters now it is very profitable business for us and it's had really terrific... I think performance over, now a number of quarters as that business grows and matures. Ken, you want to talk at all about margins for Asia Pacific.
Kenneth Kay: No I mean I think with the head win coming from the marketplace there's a potential for the margins to be impacted somewhat in Asia Pacific and it's a little bit early to tell in terms of where those settle in. I would think that the Asia Pacific segment would be the least impacted if you will from the margin decline perspective only because of inherent growth in the local economy there. But given the fact that we've seen some softness in the investment sales areas and some potential head winds on the leasing front, as well. I think just vis-à-vis the prior year we will see a little bit margin although less than probably what we would see in EMEA and the America's.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Anthony Paolone of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you, and good morning.
Brett White: Good morning.
Anthony Paolone: I'll start with your Investment Management Business, can you give us a sense as to what run rate EBITDA would be like, if you just stripped that down to base management fees on the $44 billion odd billion of AUM?
Brett White: No, we really can't, because we're... as I said we include in our base management fee certain incentives that surround the business. And we don't break out what our run rate even number would be. And I would tell you that in our investment management business, the bulk of our profits in that business come from the various incentive fees that we earn. And you've seen that now through the first half of this year, when we're not trading in that business and we're doing very little trading at the moment. The incentive fees are few and far between. As soon as trading resumes there, of course those come back through in a more normal fashion, but no we don't break out and can't break out the EBITDA for the base management fee.
Anthony Paolone: And then thinking about where those might go in the next 12 months or so, given the rates kind of backdrop of about 50 to 100 basis points in cap rate back up yet to come, how much of some of that carried interest or promotes or incentives are relative to benchmarks versus it's just [ph] an absolute hurdle
Brett White: Right, the incentive fees that we earn in investment management business are.. and there's different incentive structures in each of the funds. But generally speaking, those incentive fees are over a hurdle that is set at the outset of the fund. So what you see happen in a market like this is two things. First, as the market has been extremely volatile, the last six, seven months the investment management teams have really been out of the market in terms of active trading. Now that's beginning to change, and I think as each month goes by and there's better visibility into where values are going to settle out you should see increasing velocity of transactions occur in that business and new business overall. And that's how I would characterize how we see that business at the moment. But in terms of trying to speculate about where the businesses are going to be in the short term, it's just hard to say. Those investment management teams are making decisions every day, based on the marketplaces they see. And I would tell you that in all the funds that are vintage at least two or three years old, there are significant incentives fees built into those funds, with the value declines we've seen already. And I should also make the point that Ray is looking at the cap rates as tracked by the entities out there in the marketplace to do this sort of thing. I would tell that in the investment management business and in the trading business, in capital markets we think we're seeing... we tend to see the cap rates move before it's picked up in this data. We... when cap rates were reported to be basically flat last quarter we were seeing trades where that was absolutely not true. So I would tell you that in a marketplace as a whole the trades that are occurring right now in the States and in Europe, value declines are well built and in most cases are, something between probably 10 and 20% already built into the trades that are occurring in the marketplace. And with those value declines in place, these promote fees that we have earned in investment management funds are still quite significant.
Anthony Paolone: Okay, that's helpful. On the transactions and on the asset sale side, the U.S. market, CMBS market here is creating logjam. Can you contrast that with what's happening abroad in the commercial real estate debt markets that you see other parts of the world either ahead of U.S. or behind it in terms of what's happening on that side?
Brett White: I think what I would characterize that, is that well this all started as a U.S. credit market dislocation. As we sit here today what you have is a global capital markets dislocation. So because of that... and Ray, I thought, spoke of this very well, really what exists in the marketplace right now is a large bid/ask spread on the asset class. So while the credit markets... one could argue the credit markets might be a bit healthier in the UK than they are in the States or a bit healthier in the Netherlands than they are in UK, these are rounding areas. The real fundamental issue in the market today... the capital markets is that globally buyers now believe that the asset class should be discounted by 7%. Sellers believe that the asset class should be discounted by a lesser percent. Now when buyers and sellers can find some common ground trades occurring or are trades occurring but that bid/ask spread has been very significant in the past six, seven, eight months. We believe that, as it always has before, that bid/ask rate is going to settle and narrower, when you are going to see velocity trades suddenly increase. But at the moment, it is significant, it's significant in all global jurisdictions. You saw in Asia Pacific, you saw in EMEA and you saw in the States. Barring declines in the capital markets businesses, the US being the worst, UK is in the mid 30s down year-over-year and seems to be hanging right about there, Asia Pacific a bit less. So I suppose the specific answer to your question is U.S. is a bit worse than the others but when we look at it, is there's just a general strong headwind on investment property trades globally. And that's going to remain in place until the credit markets stabilize. At the moment, they are not.
Anthony Paolone: Okay and then this last question on your outsourcing business you added, I think it is 11 new accounts in 1Q and 5 in 2Q, is the drop off in 2Q just kind of how the numbers came out or is that getting more difficult there?
Brett White: No, it is not getting more difficult. In fact, our win rate right now is about 67% of all the major GCS proceeds, we're making... we're winning almost 70% of those proceeds. It's just the way the accounts came in the second quarter, and I think you'll see for the full year and certainly for year-to-date that business is... you would expect, that business is doing exceptionally well. Our platform for integrated occupier management is unsurpassed in the industry. We're seeing terrific momentum in that business. And we expect to see a very, very good growth in that business going forward.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thanks you.
Brett White: Sure.
Operator: Okay. Thanks you. [Operator Instructions]. We have a question from the line of Sawn Bolen [ph] of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. A question for Ken. I'm sorry if I missed this before, but on the $11.9 million write-down on the two assets and the investment management segment, could you give us a sense of when those assets were purchased and what your level of investment was?
Kenneth Kay: Well, yes we had write-downs, one was about $7.5 million and one was $4.4 million something along those lines. Of the $4.4 million investment, it was total of about $8 million to begin with. That investment had been made probably, I would say four years ago or so. Of the $7 million the investment is probably in $30 million range approximately and that investment probably was made I would say about three years ago.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and what... was it more asset revenue drive or was it a particular market at the world or?
Kenneth Kay: Well they, both of them were international. One was actually in Japan, one was in the UK. And both were really driven by declines in values, kind of consistent with what you've seen in the US. And we... as a result of the fact that kind of watching the decline in values felt that we needed to take a write down on those. It's possible that those values come back over time but the accounting kind of pronouncements dictate that once you've seen those size down by six months or so and they've kind of been in excess of a certain percentage range, you just have to take a write down of it. So obviously non-cash we'll watch them, we still think that we've got some very strong investment opportunities, potentially could bring those back. But based upon the accounting guidance we had to take a charge-off this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then sort of along the same lines with $105 million you had co-invested as of the end of Q4. Are those over the... a similar timeframe that that money's been invested or how should we think about potential write-downs within that pool of assets?
Kenneth Kay: Yes well I mean those... the $105 million is probably over... let me... let's call it maybe a five or six year timeframe. Everything has been reviewed and assessed from valuation standpoint. And at the present time we don't see any additional value declines. Obviously with the fluidity in the market situation, we'll continue to watch that each quarter. But we've gone through all of those investment values and feel that they are appropriate to say that these were the only two that required a write-down.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks, that's helpful. And then on the acquisitions for the year, you've done $135 million I guess thus far. Could you give us a sense on the $152 million of revenues, worth an EBITDA margin on those assets... those acquisitions would be?
Kenneth Kay: Yes. We don't specifically get into the EBITDA margins for each one of the businesses that we do. But I can tell you that the margins of the businesses that we have acquired are typically at or above the consolidated margins for the company. And when I say that, I just go back to the kind of consolidated margins for the company before we got into this downturn situation. So this is pretty favorable from the standpoint of being margin accretive to us, once we do those transactions, of course. They are smaller, so there's a modest amount of cost savings that comes with those unlike some of the larger acquisitions we've dome where we generated some very large net expense synergy savings. These are very modest ones. So they are really I would say margins that are consistent with just kind of the normal operations of those businesses. And as I said they are typically at or above what our historically even margins have been
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I am online with Jay too. And I think he got a question
Jay Habermann: Good morning guys. I missed the beginning of the call and I apologize for that. But in the past you have talked about EBITDA margins and being able to sustain those margins even in a downturn. And I was just curious, Brett or Ken, your thoughts on where the company... how you're right sized for the current environment in terms of head count and obviously you mentioned sort of tighter cost controls. And if you could just give some thoughts there, that will be great.
Brett White: Hi Jay. This is Brett. I'd say a couple of things first. You may have missed... and so I will give it to you... you may have missed the question. Will Marks said earlier about margin decline, and we talked about in this particular cycle, we could see a margin decline we think is of as much as 40 basis points. The reason for that and why it's exacerbated from a typical market decline is that we are in a unique environment right now. This environment to us at least in this industry is a classic speculation environment but we have a capital markets dislocation... severe capital markets dislocation along side global downtown on an economic basis. So that's going to have a particular impact on margins. In terms of how the company right-sizes, I think one of the things that you know and I think most of our investors and analysts know is that this company... we're known for a lot of things. One of the things we're most proud of is that we have shown the marketplace many, many times before that this management team, and we've all been through these cycles through many times before. This management team knows how to deal with guarantors in the marketplace. And we pull a variety of levers here in the firm to deal with that. Those include reductions in discretionary operating expense. We have spent a lot of time and energy in the last ten years, reviewing the compensation plans in the company so that management compensation moves automatically down in a fairly significant way. When EBITDA comes down most of our key owners around the world on a commission structure which is a terrific advantage in a marketplace like this, because their incomes move directly with their revenue production. And that gives us some real advantages. It allows us to... if we did nothing, if expenses go down significantly from the incentive comp levers that we have, but we don't stand back and do nothing. We pull these others levers on discretionary expense. They're very significant. Those by the way have been used by us now for well over a year. And we talked on the last call about the fact that in retrospect the Trammell Crow acquisition could not have been done at a better term. It not only diversified the revenue base to provide us with a very sticky, large amount of revenues coming through on our large, corporate, institutional, ownership accounts, but also as we do in any large acquisition we move very, very aggressively on expense. We talked to you for the past year and a half about gross expense reductions associated with the Trammell Crow acquisition of well north of $100 million. So we went into this particular downturn having just completed... if you could look at it this way, the deepest cost reduction in the history of the firm because of the Trammell Crow acquisition, the downturn hit, we went back at it again and have made additional very significant reductions in discretionary operating expense. And we'll be talking, I think, a lot more about those and in some detail about those, at the end of the third quarter we can count them up and give you folks some better numbers around what that all means. But Jay, the way I would describe at the moment is we are very comfortable that the company is positioned correctly for this market downturn. And as difficult as this market is, and it certainly is difficult, as I said before, this management team has been through downturns... severe downturns before. And what we know from prior experience is it is exactly these downturns that have provided us the greatest opportunities to grow the business. And we are taking our perspective right now. We see opportunities in this marketplace that are unique, and we want to make sure that we exploit those opportunities because they may not come around for some time. And that's a balancing act but I think we've got that following up very well in the end.
Jay Habermann: Okay, and as you think about uses of capital obviously you've talked about paying down debt, I think $1 billion Ken mentioned at the investor day, over the next several years. Is that still a realizable target? I mean given this credit downturn has persisted longer than people have initially expected and this could persist into mid next year or even further?
Kenneth Kay: Yes, well our focus obviously in debt reduction, we've got a revolver balance that we want to pay down between now and the end of this year and then going to 2009, 2010 we've got some scheduled payments on our term loans. And it's our intention to make those payments as they come due. And the bulk of getting to that amount that you mentioned was coming from the reduction of the term loans, it's our intention to do that on a timely basis.
Brett White: Yes, I would say Jay, that, it's Brett again, as we look at the business right now, our use of cash is a very important discussion because I mentioned there are opportunities are out there that we believe are unique and we're seeing those right now in the marketplace. So, it's almost kind of counted too [ph] but if you look at our in field M&A strategy so far this year, it's on a record pace and we see more opportunities going forward not fewer, so we are... I don't think we can even begin to tell you what at the end of two years from now, what our uses of cash will have been but I can certainly predict that we're going to see a decent leading as our uses of cash going towards acquisitions of key talent and if we can make it happen, acquisitions, there are some firms out there, they're feeling some extraordinary pressure in the current marketplace. So we want to be opportunistic. We have the cash that we generate. We are a strong cash flow generator as you know. And there is some real opportunities in the market place right now.
Jay Habermann: How do you gain comfort making acquisitions, just given that year-over-year notwithstanding EPS could be off 40, 50% and I guess by the same token EBITDA margins might look more attractive but the ultimate question is what is the level of earnings a year from now?
Kenneth Kay: Well, I am not sure I understand what's the direct link between what our earnings are going to do and why we make acquisitions Jay. The way we look at it is, and maybe just the best way to answer it is, in our business what we've learned over many, many years around this company is that you get... opportunities come to you in the M&A space infrequently. Companies in our business rarely sell, and when they become available or you think they might become available, if you can move on them, what we've learned is that is it's certainly good to try. We believe at this market place, and I think you have already seen this market, has presented and will continue to present some very unique opportunities, certainly hats off to our good competitor John's Wayne [ph] who certainly took advantage of this market place to purchase the StarBack [ph] company and I think what he had mentioned this was a once in a lifetime opportunity in their view. I think that's right, an opportunity to acquire a company like StarBack or other companies in the market place, just don't come around often. So what we want to do is make sure we are running the company in a way that we have enough available cash, so we can both make the move on the debt we want to make and also purchase talent and companies that are available on the market place and Jay, when you look at the company, I think what you'll find in this cycle is that we will likely take a more aggressive posture on OpEx than the industry as a whole. That certainly has been true in the past. One of the reasons we do that is, it's our philosophy that if we can move more aggressively on OpEx and reduce expenses inside the firm, that provides us with dry powder that we can use for other things such as these opportunities that the market is presenting to us right now. That how we think about it. That's how it's played in the past and at the moment we think that's how this cycle will play out as well.
Jay Habermann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from the line of Anthony Paolone. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone: Thanks. I just had one question. In the press release, I think you mentioned in the Development Services segment some deferred gains that you were holding to recognize in future periods. I was just wondering if you could give a sense as to how much those are and when you think those might come through?
Kenneth Kay: Excuse me yes, it's Ken, well what we had expected is to recognize some of the gains in the second quarter, that would have offset the decline in equity income. And when we said they were deferred the deferral would be likely towards... into the next couple of quarters. Although obviously it remains to be seen with this market place, the specific timing of that. But I don't want to get into the specifics in terms of the... kind of the magnitude of those gains. There were several projects that we have thought we would dispose off in the second quarter that ended up getting pushed up, likely till later in the year.
Anthony Paolone: Okay so these are actual transactions after gross, not just accounting where you are just going bring it in some later period.
Kenneth Kay: No, that's correct. It's specific disposition transactions that will have to occur.
Kenneth Kay: Okay thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. There are no questions in queue. Please continue.
Nick Kormeluk: Thanks operator and callers. We appreciate your attendance here and we'll talk to you in a quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Sr. VP, IR Brett White - President and CEO Kenneth Kay - Senior EVP and CFO William Concannon - Vice Chairman, Global Corporate Services
Analysts: Edward Yruma - JPMorgan Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company William Marks - JMP Securities Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CBRE First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis' first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website, at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. Our presentation today contain statements that are forward-looking, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our growth momentum in 2008, future operations, future expenses and future financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. These forward-looking statements reflect the information we have on the day of this conference call and except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, CB Richard Ellis Group undertakes no obligation to update or publicly revise any of these forward-looking statements that we make today. For a more detailed discussion of these forward-looking statements and other factors that could cause results to differ, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release dated April 30, 2008 on Form 8-K and on our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation that includes references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are included in the appendix of today's presentation. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating today, include Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ken Kay, our Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Concannon, Vice Chairman of our Global Corporate Services division. I would now like to turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks you Nick. Please turn to slide 4. It is clear that our long-term strategy of diversifying across geographies and service lines shielded us from the full effects of the downturn in Q1, and allowed to us post a modest increase in first quarter revenue, which was also better than our internal expectations. Negative factors for the quarter against our exceptions were; first, while we projected a steep decline in our global investment property sales business and our US mortgage brokerage business. The decline in the US and European property sales were marginally steeper than our forecast. Second, the anticipated downturn in US and EMEA pleasing volumes did not occur and we believe that this downturn has simply taken longer to manifest itself, and now could likely impact quarters two through four. Neutral or positive performance against our expectations were; first, our Outsourcing business posted very strong growth with year-over-year quarterly revenue up 34%, well ahead of our expectations. Second, as mentioned earlier, the Global Leasing business was much stronger than forecast, up 20% over the prior year quarter, our strongest first quarter ever. Third, our Global Valuation and Advisory business also showed strong growth of 9% year-over-year. Fourth, Development Services posted results consistent with our expectations. Fifth, Asia Pacific exceeded our aggressive growth assumptions with revenues up 46% over prior year, and finally our CBRE Investors business while well off prior year Q1 performance due to timing of carried interest revenues performed as anticipated. Assets under management in the Global Investment Management business grew substantially to $42 billion at the end of quarter one. In an effort to capitalize on current market conditions, we have been very aggressive with our infill acquisition execution. I'll discuss this in more detail a little later. As indicated on slide 5, revenue was $1.2 billion for the quarter. Net income, adjusting for one-time items was $31.7 million, which translates to $0.15 in adjusted earnings per share. Normalized EBITDA came in at $104.6 million. Listed on slide 6 are just a few accomplishments to the firm since our last call. Most notable on this list are our addition to the Fortune 500 this year, and the BusinessWeek designation of being ranked number 11 among the 50 best in class companies. Additionally, CB Richard Ellis is once again ranked the number one investment sales firm by RCA in Q1 2008, with a market share of 14.2%, which is nearly double the number two firm. This list of accomplishments reflect ongoing recognition for our position as the world's preeminent commercial real estate services firm, and the exceptional client service we bring to the market everyday. Please turn to slide 7. Here we have highlighted just a few of our major successes during the quarter for your reference. Please turn to slide 8. We are continuing our aggressive approach to infill acquisitions in 2008, and have been very active in the first quarter. We completed eight transactions in the quarter for an aggregate purchase price of almost $125 million. Most notable being our entrees into Romania and Denmark through our acquisitions at Eurisko and Cedar Homes respectively. These transactions add approximately $100 million of revenue on an annualized basis. Please turn to slide 9. Next, as we did last quarter, I would like to update you on select US market statistics to provide some context for what we are seeing in the market. Forecast vacancy rates for 2008, for both office and industrial property in the US have deteriorated since our last call. The deterioration of the vacancy figures is a direct result of our lowered forecast absorption in office and industrial properties. Our cap rate forecast by property type have not changed since last quarter. Please turn to slide 10. Here we provided a more detailed breakdown of results of our sales and leasing businesses in the Americas. While sales for all of 2007 grew 7%, Q1 2008 results were down 38% compared to the prior year quarter. This compares to the Q4 2007 decrease of 14%, which we indicated would worsen before it improved on our call last quarter. Generally, the sales performance in the first quarter was marginally worse than we had anticipated. Leasing results, which were up 3% for 2007, rose 16% for the quarter, as compared to the prior year first quarter. This was well ahead of our internal expectations. Turning to slide 11, we see the sales and leasing results for EMEA. For all of 2007, sales revenue grew 44%, but was down 32% for the first quarter of 2008, versus the comparable quarter last year. This result was materially worse than our expectations. Similar to US results, the leasing business in EMEA did better than we had anticipated, boasting 18% growth for the first quarter of 2008, when compared to the same quarter last year. In Asia Pacific, sales grew 115% for all of 2007, but 6% for the first quarter of 2008. The investment market in Asia was stable in the first quarter despite the continuing global credit crunch. The leasing business, which was up 13% for full year 2007, rose 50% in Q1 2008, versus the same quarter last year. Leasing fundamentals across Asia Pacific remain strong, [inaudible] substantial demand from both domestic and multinational occupiers. For a more detailed discussion of our performance this quarter, I'll now turn the call over to Ken Kay.
Kenneth Kay - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Brett. Our first quarter results are summarized on slide 13. For the quarter, revenue was $1.2 billion up $17 million or 1% from the year-ago quarter. This increase was primarily the result of higher global outsourcing and leasing revenue, partially offset by weakness in our Capital Markets businesses in the Americas and the EMEA, plus a tough comparison for our Global Investment Management business this quarter. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services rose to 57%, from 54% last year. This increase was mainly due to business and geographic mix with higher outsourcing reimbursable worldwide and increased competition expense in EMEA and Asia Pacific, due to acquisitions and investment in growth of the platform. Operating expense of $432.3 million, was up 5% from the year ago quarter, driven mainly by increased costs attributable to investment in growth of the business, including the impact of infill acquisitions. In the quarter, we posted an equity loss from unconsolidated subsidiaries versus equity income in the year-ago quarter. This loss was primarily due to a $10.6 million write-downs of our investment in CBRE reality finance attributable to its decline in market valuation. After adjusting for one time items EBITDA for the quarter was $104.6 million, down 35% or $57.3 million from the prior year. The decline in EBITDA was predominately a result of the timing of carried interest activity with $46.4 million of carried interest revenue recognized in Q1 2007, with no comparable amount recorded in the first quarter of 2008. Partially offset by lower carried interest incentive compensation expense of $11.4 million. Additionally, EBITDA in the EMEA segment was lower due to a revenue shift mix shift from investment sales activity to outsourcing and higher costs driven by investment and growth of the business. Please turn to slide number 14. Total revenue in Q1 increased by 1% from the prior year quarter. Property and facilities management was our best performing line of business, increasing by 34% year-over-year. This growth was driven by the additional of new outsourcing accounts and the expansion of services to existing clients from cross selling initiatives. As Brett discussed, the leasing business performed ahead of expectations on a global basis, growing 20% year-over-year. Sales revenue was down 33% from the prior year or a little more than we had expected in the Americas and EMEA, as a result of ongoing challenges in the credit market. The appraisal and valuation business grew by 9% in the quarter due to higher fee revenue and EMEA and Asia Pacific. We are seeing a pick up in demand for appraisals related to loan workouts, as well as nontraditional advisory and consulting assignments, which offset lower activity from CMBS financing originations. As expected, Global Investment Management revenue was down 53% year-over-year, mainly due to the absence of carried interest revenue for the current quarter. Development Services revenue was up 79%, attributable mainly to construction revenue. The commercial mortgage business was down 46% year-over-year, due to lower fees in the US resulting from a decrease in the number of loan originations as expected in light of the continuing credit crunch. First quarter 2008 loan volume totaled $2.5 billion, down from $6.2 billion in the first quarter of 2007, when the investment market wars at its high point. Turning to slide 15, we see the trend in our normalized EBITDA margin over time along with our long-term EBITDA margin target. In Q1, our EBITDA margin declined due to business mix shifting from investment sales to outsourcing, which has a higher reimbursable element. The lack of carried interest revenue being realized this quarter and due to typical Q1 seasonality. While margin may fluctuate on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we remain committed to our long-term goal of 20% EBITDA margins. Please turn to slide number 16. Excluding the Mortgage Brokerage warehouse facility and the Development Services real estate loans, which are non-recourse. Our total net debt at the end of Q1 was approximately $2.1 billion. The Development Services business finances its projects with third party financing sources. The majority of these real estate loans are recoursed to the development projects, but non-recoursed to the company. As of March 31st, 2008, the other debt category on our balance sheet included a non-recourse revolving credit line balance of $54.6 million, related to the Development Services business. The outstanding balance of real estate loans was approximately $520 million, of which only $7 million was recoursed to the company. In March, we exercised the accordion provision in our existing credit agreement to syndicate a $300 million term A-1 loan. Proceeds from this term loan were used to reduce the outstanding revolver borrowing. This new facility will expand our flexibility to continue our infill acquisition in co-investment programs and other strategic corporate initiatives. Both Moody's Investor Service and Standard & Poor's have reaffirmed our senior debt ratings with a stable outlook and referenced to the new term loan. The amount outstanding on a revolver at quarter end was $311.2 million. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio at March 31st, 2008 was 2.3 times similar to our ratio at March 31st, 2007. Our trailing 12 month interest coverage ratio was 5.6 times. Our weighted average cost of debt was approximately 4.4% at March 31st, 2008, versus 6.8% at March 31st, 2007. Please turn to slide number 17. Our normalized internal cash flow for Q1 is illustrated on this slide, this metric is derived by adjusting normalized net income for the effects of depreciation, amortization, net capital expenditures, cash flow from the Development Services, net gains that was excluded from the P&L due to purchase accounting rules and the cash component of acquisition related costs. On this basis, our Q1 trailing 12-month internal cash flow was $477 million. Due to our limited capital expenditure and working capital needs, our internal cash flow tends to be highly correlated with our net income. For Q1 net capital expenditures were $9 million. We continue to expect full year 2008 capital expenditures to come in at approximately $80 million. Please turn to slide number 18. For the Americas, revenue and normalized EBITDA were generally flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis, as the decline in investment sales was offset by growth in outsourcing and leasing revenues. The margin differential from outsourcing vis-à-vis investment sales was mitigated by lower operating costs. EMEA posted revenue of $242.8 million, up 8% from the prior year. Normalized EBITDA declined 68% to $11.9 million for the quarter. The decline in investment sales was more than offset by growth in leasing, outsourcing, and appraisal valuation revenues. The reduction in first quarter EBITDA performance and margin is not indicative of expected full year EBITDA or EBITDA margin, and was in line with our expectations for the quarter. Investments in growth of the business through recent strategic recruitment and acquisitions, coupled with the reduced higher margin investment sales activity compounded the impact of the higher fixed cost nature of the business on the on the seasonally slower revenue quarter. We expect that these margin impacts will balance out as the year progresses with full year margins likely reach the high teens. Asia Pacific revenue of $137.4 million was up 46% year-over-year. Normalized EBITDA was $13.7 million, representing a 44% increase. As Brett mentioned before, high growth for this region in all service lines is due to continuing strong economies and steps we've taken to enhance the platform through acquisitions and planned expansions. Please turn to slide number 19. The Development Services business continues to maintain an active development program. At the end of the first quarter of 2008, in process development and investment totaled $6.3 billion, up 15% from $5.5 billion in the first quarter of 2007. The pipeline at the end of the first quarter of 2008 stood at $2.8 billion, compared with $2.9 billion in the first quarter of 2007. Revenue for the first quarter of 2008 increased primarily due to construction revenue, which also led to a corresponding increase in construction job costs, therefore not translating to increased operating income or EBITDA. Taking a look at our Global Investment Management business, please turn to slide number 20. The Global Investment Management business continued to post strong growth in assets under management, evidencing continued strength in flows of capital to commercial real estate. Assets under management totaled $42.2 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2008, up approximately 12% from year-end 2007, and 38% from first quarter 2007. The purchase of a majority interest in Wood Partners contributed $2.4 billion to assets under management. As noted previously revenue for the quarter was down from the prior year first quarter due to a lack of carried interest revenue recognized this period versus $46.4 million reported in the first three months of last year. Please turn to slide number 21. In Q1 although we did not recognize any carried interest revenue we did recognize $5.3 million in carried interest incentive compensation expense all of which related to future periods revenue. Excluding the incentive compensation expense pertaining to future periods EBITDA for the first quarter would have been $3.9 million down from $43.3 million in the year ago quarter. EBITDA margin for the quarter would have been 10% versus 51%. We expect to recognize acquisition fees and carried interest revenue later in 2008 that will more closely approximate to prior year revenue, and thus margins for this business will improve accordingly. As of March 31st, 2008, the company maintains a cumulative remaining accrual of such compensation expense of approximately $62 million, which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. I will now turn the call over to Bill Concannon, to discuss the Outsourcing business.
William Concannon - Vice Chairman, Global Corporate Services: Thank you, Ken. Please turn to slide 22. Our contractual outsourcing business continues to grow significantly. We serve large investors or owners of real estate such as REITS, and financial institutions such as life insurance companies, pension funds, as well as real estate partnerships. We also serve occupiers of real estate such as large corporations, state and federal governments, and healthcare providers. Both the occupier and investor owner clients look to CBRE's full service platform for multiple services across their regional, national and increasingly global portfolios. Although our two outsourcing businesses operate somewhat separately, they combine to jointly leverage our considerable scale in areas such as client accounting, IT recruiting, and procurement of third party goods and services, as well as the utilization of our strong variable network of project managers and technical specialists. In serving these large clients, both our Outsourcing businesses regularly generate downstream business for CBRE's other lines of business, such as brokerage, capital markets, and valuation. Please turn to slide number 23. CBRE is a recognized leader in every outsourced service we offer. Our outsourcing clients, whether large occupiers or owner investors, typically engage CBRE to provide one or more of these services through an outsourcing contract with an initial average term of three to five years. Our historical client renewal rates regularly exceed 90%, so our actual relationships with clients are much longer. Our Outsourcing clients transfer the delivery of day-to-day activities associated with our real estate, project management, and facilities to CBRE. Their goal is to leverage our expertise, our scale, and our technology platform to perform services such as; managing and administering the portfolio of leased and owned properties, acquiring and disposing of leased and owned space, the construction and interior customization of space, which we refer to as project management, and managing the building operations of their facilities around the country or around the world. As you can see from the wide variety of services represented on this page, each of our contractual client relationships allows us to generate multiple revenue streams. Depending on the scope of our relationship, we can earn management fees, incentive fees, consulting fees and brokerage commissions in performing this work. Turning to the next slide, Global Corporate Services our occupier focused outsourcing business continues to grow and perform well. During the first quarter of 2008, we added 11 new outsourcing clients, including Alliance, Nestle, [RINCO], which is a subsidiary of Oregon Health and Science University, and the State of Florida. We also expanded our services for 10 existing corporate customers during the quarter, including Hertz Corporation, CISCO, AT&T, Kodak, and Dow Chemical; and renewed our contracts with 11 others, including Volkswagen of America, IBM, and Partners HealthCare. One of the recent noteworthy wins is Hertz. Recently Hertz embarked upon a number of strategic initiatives aimed at controlling costs, increasing efficiencies and re-engineering processes across the company. Like many companies, Hertz realized that real estate and facilities represented not only a significant area of cost, but also an area that significantly affected the morale more productivity of its employees. After a competitive process, Hertz selected CB Richard Ellis as its global real estate outsourcing service provider for all Hertz controlled locations in North America and Europe. The scope of our relationship covers over 3,000 locations, including office space, reservation centers, data centers, equipment rental locations, and car rental facilities. CB Richard Ellis will provide a full range of integrated real estate services, including transaction management, construction, and project management, as well as facilities management. Please turn to slide 25. CBRE's Asset Services business is focused on outsourcing by investor owners, it also continues to perform very well. This is due primarily to investor clients seeking to optimize the management of their properties to maximize overall returns by focusing on property level performance. Especially, when market conditions become a bit more challenging. The focus of Asset Services is on the larger institutional owners of real estate that fully utilize CBRE's full service platform. In Q1 2008, Asset Services won 52 million square feet of new assignments with clients such as GE, AMB, Citicorp, Beacon Capital Partners, Kennedy Associates Real Estate, and ING; bringing our total managed portfolio in the Americas to 650 million square feet. Please turn to slide number 26. Both corporate and investor owner clients turn to CB Richard Ellis for outsourcing services not only for our breadth and excellence in each individual service, but also for the unique ways in which we are able to deliver and integrate these services. Due to our leading number of global locations, we have the ability to physically execute services in more places than any other service provider. We have the deepest and most diverse global network of consultants, and subject matter experts of any firm in the industry. These experts assist our clients not only with advisory work centered on traditional real estate product types, but they can also address areas like energy management, sustainable construction, tax segregation consulting, strategic location analysis, workspace redesign, and other strategic topics. Our approach to account management and our platform infrastructure also differentiates us from other service providers. As a firm we have invested more than any other in building proprietary systems, processes, tools, and technologies that not only direct enhance... directly enhance client service, but also make our operations flexible and scalable. The combination of our scale, our breadth and these unique capabilities, is truly difficult for other providers to replicate. This is born out of in our success in attracting new clients and retaining and expanding existing relationships. We continue to believe that both our corporate and investor owner outsourcing businesses will perform very well in the years ahead. In times of economic weakness, we find an acceleration of RFP activity as companies embrace outsourcing to gain greater efficiencies in our business, and focus on maximizing return from their real estate assets. We are very pleased with our share of recent wins and believe that we will continue to win a disproportionate amount of new wins that come into the marketplace. New wins like the ones I've mentioned represent opportunities to start a client relationship with significant room for additional growth over the next 10 or more years. When we begin new client relationships, we have a systematic client planning and analysis process, which leads us to discover other potential growth opportunities that may have not been... may not have been originally contemplated. In many cases, the expansion opportunities that we generate for our current clients are awarded without a competitive bidding process due to the strength of our existing relationships. So we believe demand for each of our individual services is positioned for continued growth. Even in the midst of a weaker economic environment. During such environments, clients continue to turn to CBRE's Outsourcing Services in order to respond to changing economic conditions. For example, transaction clients accelerate disposition and sub-leasing activities, facility and property management clients seek to optimize their facility service levels and project management clients seek to convert in-house staff to CBRE's variable model. And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bill. I want to first quickly recap. What we said last quarter about the business environment and then provide you and some perspective on our current view of business conditions. What we told you last quarter was the environment was one with [ph] really constrained liquidity and weakening US and UK economies. It was our belief that the economy and the state of the credit markets would likely worsen before they improved. And the improvement would potentially come in the late summer or fourth quarter of 2008. Our other business lines, for instance outsourcing, investment management, et cetera, were positioned to perform relatively well and consistent with their longer term growth models, and that parts of Europe and Asia Pacific would only see modest impacts. Our expectation was that these trends would correct towards the positive in 2008, but the timing of that correction was unknown. Given the uncertainty in expectations for 2008 GDP, timing for recovery of the US economy, and improvement in the credit market, it was unrealistic for us to provide guidance for 2008. Our update now four months into the year is; first, the fluctuating market conditions continue to make it unrealistic to provide guidance. As we discussed today, we now believe that the capital markets businesses will deteriorate deeper and for longer than our original expectations. Leasing, while having performed well ahead of expectations year-to-date, should see the expected downturn later this year, and that a positive correction has been postponed some months, as well. Our other business lines are generally performing very well. All of this taken together, in combination with continued diligent cost reduction, appear to create a balance that supports our prior discussion of full-year earnings in the $2 per share range. As we said in our last call, this is definitely not guidance, as it is simply impossible to forecast future quarters with any certainty at this time. This concludes our formal comments today. Ken, Bill, and I will now take questions, operator please begin the Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Edward Yruma - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. Not pinning you obviously to that $2 number, but just trying to understand some of the drivers behind it. Am I clear to understand that you then imply no improvement in the environment and in fact a deterioration and can still achieve that $2 target?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: What we're saying, Edward, is that... and let's go back and look at the components of our revenue production. We're projecting a further deterioration in both the capital markets business, so that would be our investment property sales business and our US mortgage brokerage business, as well. Although we were very, very impressed with first quarter production for leasing revenues globally, we do believe that the global economic slowdown has to have an impact on leasing. So we believe that the leasing... general leasing market should deteriorate over the course of the year somewhat. But those deteriorations, in those two business lines are... we believe at the moment likely to be offset in their entirety by the production of our other business lines and the continued aggressive cost management and in some cases reduction programs we implemented early in 2007.
Edward Yruma - JPMorgan: Got you. If you could touch upon the tax rate, I notice that was a little bit light for the quarter. Is that sustainable or is there some specific item there that kind of obfuscated that?
Kenneth Kay - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that was a discreet item that ended up pushing it down for the first quarter, which will not have a ongoing benefit, other than the rates for the full year, but because the pretax number for the first quarter is a pretty small number, obviously had a fairly large impact on the rate. For the full year you should expect our rate to be probably in the 35% to 36% range.
Edward Yruma - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: I wanted to focus on the outsourcing business for a second. You went through a number of expansions and wins, a couple of questions there. The wins that you put up there on the board or I guess in general, how would you describe those as deals that were pipelined from Trammell, or were those kind of more recent deals that... maybe that the CB standalone guys have won? And on the expansions you talked about, what happens to the margin on those deals as you win more business or are we talking more space and more services, just more services? Just trying to get a feel for, when you talk about expansions what we should think of relative to how much you guys could generate on revenue?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'm going to let Bill take that in just one moment. I would tell you that according to our data tracking, through the first four months of this year there were eight significant outsource bids of one sort or another, we believe we won six of them, which explains, I think, a lot of the on boarding of growth you saw in that business so far this year. But, Bill, why don't you take the questions that we've just been asked by Brandon.
William Concannon - Vice Chairman, Global Corporate Services: Okay, certainly. Well, in terms of the pipeline, it's all a CBRE pipeline. So all of these wins are CBRE initiated wins. There is no more Trammell Crow Company, except our development company, and we have an integrated go to market system, and it's really paying off. And our discipline around chasing larger deals is paying off, and our global collaboration with our participators in EMEA and Asia Pacific, and that integration is paying off. So in terms of when we expand clients, is it more space or geography with them or is it more services, are we adding services? The truth is it's both. Its clients that see they're getting real good service from CB Richard Ellis, they have more challenges within their departments. Corporate real estate departments are not adding staff to get ths work done in-house, so they turn to us and say can you help us with this challenge IN EMEA or et cetera. Can you help us add project management to a transaction management account, which happened in several of these cases. So we're expanding geography with these clients, we are expanding service lines, and it's really built around the challenges that these large corporations find themselves in.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: And then one follow up on that, just going back to the wins that you talked about. Are those companies that have historically been outsourcing the facilities or properties management that were just maybe takeaways for you guys or these people who had never done this stuff historically? Just trying to gauge the potential of outsource versus insource market opportunity for you guys?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead Bill.
William Concannon - Vice Chairman, Global Corporate Services: It's a very good question, we tracked that very closely. We are having success from a competitive takeaway point of view, but we're also seeing a trend towards companies specifically in the financial services sector, that haven't put their toe in the water in the past doing outsourcing, that are really looking for improving their own predictable of the outcomes they get from corporate real estate, and so they're first time or first generation outsourcers. So we're really seeing a change across the landscape that would give us optimism for further market penetration.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: And, Brandon, as Bill mentioned in his prepared comments. This is indicative of cycle of [ph] trends we have seen for many, many years. As the economy tends to get a bit tougher, you see both expansions of existing accounts, but you see an increased velocity of new entrants to the outsourcing opportunity.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: From a different prospect, this morning Jones talked about, on their earnings call, maybe not weaker than expected performance in Asia Pac, but just more time to get deals done, a little tighter financing, and a little bit more scrutiny about in the deals out there. Does that [inaudible] what you guys are seeing in that region from a capital markets or transaction perspective, or is there a difference in the business that we should be aware of that maybe would make your commentary different?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. well, the first thing I would say is that both we and Jones Lang run, I think top of market businesses in Asia Pacific, both really terrific, terrific businesses. I would differ with their view about Asia Pacific. Our experience in Asia Pacific first quarter was it was remarkable performance across the business. As you saw in the first quarter, our revenues grew 46%. I don't have any problems with that number.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Clearly. Okay. And then one final one, not sure if its better for Ken or you Brett. But as you look at the EMEA business in particular the profit trajectory for the balance of the year, maybe some color around the assumptions that keep you positive on what that business can generate from a margin perspective. Just trying to get a better understanding of how confident you are, or why you can be so confident that profits will still be pretty solid there?
Kenneth Kay - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Good question. Couple of things, I think just kind of before addressing that. I think just to provide some context with regard to the first quarter of 2008. It was really more, at least from an earnings or an even a margin perspective really more consistent with what you would see from a seasonal pattern perspective. If you looked... if you didn't look at 2007 and 2006, which we probably all got a little bit spoiled relative to margins as a result of kind of the strength in the investment sales business. But if you go back and look at our historical information prior to those years, you would see that really the first quarter of 2008, from an earnings perspective was pretty similar to kind of the initial quarter earnings pattern that we've seen from this business. And it's really more a reversion back to that and if you realize that that first quarter is seasonally the slowest quarter for us, and that the impact of the fixed cost structure, and also the investments that we've made in the business would have more of an impact on that first quarter. We actually should be pretty pleased with the fact that we generated profitability consistent with that even after having made those investments in the growth of the business. So as we look out over the balance of the year, we're expecting obviously a mix shift with regards to the investment sales business, but the contribution from each one of the service lines combined with I think effective cost containments, and then just a more normal earnings pattern that we would see throughout the balance of the year, is what gives us confidence with regard that to overall margins for Europe. Full year basis will be as we stated in our prepared remarks.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I would say also that the story in Europe is a component often very similar to the overall story for the firm, which is we have businesses in Europe that are definitely suffering from the credit market situation, that is the capital markets businesses. But the other businesses in Europe are doing quite well, thank you, and those are doing a good job of picking up their... their relative share of revenues and profits. And so as we look out at the business in Europe, that story I gave earlier to Edward about how we think about full year performance holds very true there. Now, all of that, I just wanted to say, again, and we said this a lot last six months. This is all based on assumptions that at the moment seem logical to us, but we are all living in the moment in a very fluid marketplace and these quarterly calls are a great opportunity for us to give you updates on that.
Brandon Dobell - William Blair & Company: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Will Marks of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Thank you. Hello Brett, Ken and Bill. I had a question, I guess first on share repurchase, just any thoughts and you didn't buy any back during the first quarter, is that correct?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And thoughts on share repurchase going forward, I may have missed it I apologize.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well that's fine. Well we... the story remains the same as it has been now since our last earnings call. That being that we completed what we consider was a fairly aggressive share repurchase in the fourth quarter of 2007. We purchased about $635 million of our stock back. We are looking at this year and we mentioned this on the Q4 call, and I want to underscore it. I'm glad you asked the question, we'll underscore it again. We see this particular marketplace as ripe with opportunity on a number of fronts, and those fronts at the moment come ahead of share repurchase. And as you noted in the prepared remarks we made, our M&A activity through the first quarter of 2008 is as strong, in fact it's stronger than we've ever had in the first quarter. We see lots of opportunities in the marketplace to onboard... I would say this appropriately onboard revenues from firms that are suffering a bit more than perhaps we are, and we're spending a lot of time in that area right now. So we're keeping some powder dry for those opportunities, and we'll see how the year plays out. Share repurchase, as we've said before, remains an opportunity for us, always is, but at the moment, we see higher yield opportunities, higher return opportunities in the M&A space and the co-investment space.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Great. Okay, thank you for that and then on... different question on asset management. Can you just talk about... you have done a great job in growing that business in this environment, and it's sometimes hard for people to understand how that business can grow in the current environment. Can you just explain trends in the business and make us comfortable that AUM will continue to rise, and there is the prospects for incentive fees growing as well?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, so a great question. Now, whether that I can give you comfort or not, I don't know. But I'll tell you how we look at the environment at the moment. A couple of things are happening in the Asset Management business that are structural and very important to recognize. First let me give you the negatives. The negatives are that lots of the larger legacy pension funds are beginning to get close to target allocation. They're getting there two different ways. First is, that they are suffering in some cases AUM deterioration, which means they get to that percentage allocation more quickly for those areas that they're underweighted. Secondly, many of the pension funds raised their target allocations four or five years ago, and just over time they've been able to get that capital out. Now, that having been said, many of them raised those allocations again, as you know last year and the year before. In fact according to Kingsley Associates it's about $76 billion of capital that's targeted towards allocation in the states this year is over the number of about $47 billion last year. That's targeted. What's happening in the industry, which is positive for us and for a few other players, is that there is a very, very rapid consolidation of fund management companies, advisors such as our self. So as the marketplace begins to settle a bit, what we're finding is that the typical pension fund, rather than hiring four or five advisors for real estate investment activities, is consolidating to one or two. That has been very beneficial to our ability to raise capital, and to give you some specifics around that, we are in the marketplace raising and having just completed also having raised some funds globally. We hit our target equity raises. I would tell you that the work is definitely harder today than it was a year ago, nonetheless there is still plentiful capital that do use commercial real estate as a terrific asset class to be invested in. We believe that our ability to raise capital continues to be advantaged over many if not most of the players in that space. Our competitive advantage in that business, of course, is that we believe we have a better and higher quality set of data around the asset class than do other firms who are not direct participants in the services of commercial real estate. These things all bode well for our ability to raise capital now and in the future. The real challenge out there at the moment is deploying the capital, and what you're seeing in the marketplace, and you heard this earlier on Jones Lang call, I thought Colin did a very good job of describing the bid out spread that exists in the marketplace today. That is true globally, and so you're seeing the money get more patient on investment. Nonetheless, it's being invested. The same holds true for the realization of fund liquidations, as of course for our firm and most of the firms in this business, fund liquidations provided the... promote secured interest that we realize through our revenue stream and those are situations, which we are being much more careful about now. When there's a bid outspread of this sort, if you could be patient on liquidating the fund and wait a quarter to... for the market to improve, you're probably better off doing that. So long term we see terrific growth opportunity in this business. We believe today, as we've believed for a number of years, that this should be the fastest growing business on a relative basis in the firm. It remains so at the moment, and we feel very, very good about that business.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Great, thanks. Let me ask one final question, and you brought up Colin's comments. One other comment that they made is related to all the acquisitions, and you guys have been aggressive on acquisitions, too. And their... while their acquisitions are profitable I guess barely in the near term, they should be longer term, but that does apply some pressure near term on margins. Do you see the same thing when you buy... make acquisitions, are they not too profitable initially and why wouldn't they be profitable initially?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don't see the same thing. Our acquisitions are profitable initially, but I'll let Ken comment on that.
Kenneth Kay - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. It's a good question. When we pursue these infill acquisition companies, we are very selective with the ones that we go after and the ones that provide accretion to our margins, and the way that we structure them is such that within a matter of months, obviously you might have some initial deal cost that you have to expense in the first couple of months or so, but after that, they're really contributing to the growth of our margins, and so, I mean, within a quarter or so, they are beneficial to us from a margin growth standpoint.
William Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of [inaudible] of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question for Brett. With regards to the bid aspect of the commercial real estate have. Could you give us a sense of maybe in the US where you are and then if you could frame that relative to your expectations you laid out on slide number 9?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I would start by, Salon [ph], pointing you towards the real capital analytics report that came out just a couple of days ago for the first quarter and they have some terrific metrics on spreads between bid announced. But basically what we are seeing... and let me put it... let me describe the spread this way. If you look at offering price versus closed price, what you're seeing out there is something in the range of let's call it a 10%, maybe a bit more than that spread between the price which properties are being offered, and where properties are actually being closed. It's interesting. Why that is meaningful, Salon [ph] is that, first half of last year, you actually saw that flipped. You saw properties closing at higher prices than they were offered, which is indicative of very, very frothy market. We're back to what feels to us like a... hey look it's not really a constrained environment, a tough environment. But that kind of bid outspread is certainly at the far end of what's normal, but it's not hugely abnormal. What's going on right now is that the market is digesting all of that, it's getting used to it. And... so what we're seeing out there is... I know we're not talking about property acquisitions, just to be clear not M&A, but on property acquisitions what we are seeing is that sellers generally feel that the fundamentals behind the asset class are strong, and while they may soften near term, the long term, let's call that 12 months and more out, prospects for the fundamentals are good. Therefore, unless they have a reason why they need to sell, many sellers aren't selling. On the buy side, I think what you've got are a lot of folks out there right now, you have really two types of buyers out there right now. You have your traditional buyers who are going to buy regardless. So the fund advisors who need to get two or three billion out there this year are going to try very hard to get that capital placed. They probably will get it placed and they'll pay what they need to pay to get those deals done. But you also have right now a lot of buyers who have entered the market, or buyers who have been in the market who have different buying criteria, who are looking for real value deflation as an entry point to the marketplace now. So their view is the market has reset, the values ought to be 15%, 20% down from where they were July or August of last year, and they're not going to buy unless values get there. And that's really the stalemate that exists in the market place right now on a lot of these bids. People bring in portfolios to the market saying, look, this stuff is worth $220 million July of 2007, I might take $210 million, but I'm not going to take $200 million, and buyers are there saying I think the market will just change, I'll pay you $200 million. That's very indicative of the early stages of a market correction as you know, and we expect that over time that begins to then move back to a ground where both buyers and sellers can transact properties in a more robust fashion. At the moment, though, particularly at the upper end of the marketplace, you're seeing the stalemate on trading. Just to give you a little color around that, when you look at the marketplace right now, there's a very interesting set of dynamics at play. If we look transactions over $100 million the office sector, vastly those transactions are 90% from peak levels. As you then move down the value chain, we look at properties in the $50 million range or $40 million range, those might be off 60%. As you go below $30 million, or $20 million, those might be off 40%, and it gives you a real sense for where the pressure is being felt on the bid out spread and where it isn't. One of the great benefits to our particular business in the capital markets businesses is we play the entire field. While we are... while we do a significant share of the multi-billion dollar portfolio sales, we also do a very, very significant share of the mid-price deals, and the deals in the $10 million, $20 million range, and it's those deals this year that have allowed us to outperform the broader market.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, very much for the color. And just one quick follow-on to that, of the $76 billion that you kind of mentioned that's out there on the sidelines targeted to be deployed how much would you characterize that that is those that will just go out and need to buy to add to their portfolios versus those that are looking for opportunities where the market resets?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know Solan [ph]. So I don't want to be tied to a number. My guess is that two-thirds of that, a bit more is your traditional pension fund, investment that needs to occur. Maybe a third of it is either those funds. That pension fund was allocated a component of their directed capital this year towards opportunistic buying, or new entrants that are opportunistic buyers. This year I think opportunistic buying is kind of the vulture idea, and really it's those folks that have been unable to get really into the market so far.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the final question comes from the line of Vance Edelson of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking the question. On the investment management business, is it conceivable that the variability of the carried interest will smooth considerably as the business grows, as you raise and invest capital globally so that we won't see swings that are as dramatic? Does that seem reasonable?
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is reasonable to assume that. As this business grows, the frequency of the realization of carried interest should become smoother and smoother. What you saw in 2007, and you may see this in future years, as well, is we had a very robust marketplace, which caused some very large individual carried interest to come through. So that provide some lumpiness too. But absolutely, as this business continues to grow, the frequency within which you recognize these backend promos should increase and should smooth the performance of that business.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for the color. Good luck, guys.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you.
Brett White - President and Chief Executive Officer: If there's no more questions, thanks everyone for your participation in today's call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter
Operator: Okay. Thank you and ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 9:30 today until Wednesday, May 7th at midnight. You may access the AT&F executive playback service at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 entering the access code 917661. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844 again the access code is 917661. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Nick Kormeluk - Sr. VP, IR Brett White - CEO Kenneth J. Kay - CFO Vance G. Maddocks - President, CB Richard Ellis Investors
Analysts: Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company Will Marks - JMP Securities Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CB Richard Ellis Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given to you at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nick Kormeluk. Please go ahead.
Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to CB Richard Ellis' fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. Last night, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. This release is available on the homepage of our website, at www.cbre.com. This conference call is being webcast live and is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Also available is a presentation slide deck, which you can use to follow along with our prepared remarks. An archived audio of the webcast, a transcript and a PDF version of the slide presentation will be posted on the website later today. Please turn to the slide labeled forward-looking statements. Our presentation today contain statements that are forward-looking, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our growth momentum in 2008, future operations, future expenses and future financial performance. These statements should be considered as estimates only and actual results may vary ultimately... may ultimately differ from these estimates. These forward-looking statements are reflective of the information we have on the day of this conference call and except to the extend required by applicable securities laws, CB Richard Ellis Group undertakes no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward-looking statements that we make today. For a detailed discussion of these forward-looking statements and risks and other factors that could cause results to differ, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release dated February 5, 2008 and filed on Form 8-K, our prior interim 2007 reports on Form 10-Q, and our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov. We may make certain statements during the course of this presentation, which includes references to non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC regulations. As required by these regulations, we have provided reconciliations of these measures to what we believe are the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are in the appendix of today's presentation. Please turn to slide three. Our management team members participating today, include Brett White, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ken Kay, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Vance Maddocks, President of CB Richard Ellis Investors. With that, let me turn the call over to Brett.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Nick and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide four of your deck. While 2007 was an outstanding year for CB Richard Ellis, we've further extended our lead and strengthened our position as the largest, most diversified, globally capable commercial real estate services and management firm in the world. We are the leading firm in virtually all of the top 25 cities globally. We are the number one firm in transactions, both leasing and sales; advisory, which is our consulting and valuation appraisal business; outsourcing, both fully-integrated property and facilities management work on behalf of the world's leading corporations and owner investors; and we are one of the world's leading real estate investment management companies with approximately $38 billion of assets under management. We continued to implement our strategy of pursuing both transformational and in-fill acquisitions with exceptional integration results. The Trammell Crow Company acquisition exceeded even our own aggressive targets for integration success. Morale among our almost 25,000 employees is exceptionally high and attrition of key employees is virtually non-existent. All of this led to a record 2007, highlighted on the next slide, and please turn to slide five on your deck. Total revenue for the year was $6 billion, up 50% from the prior year. Excluding one-time items, net income for the year came to $497 million, which translates to adjusted earnings per share of $2.11, up 43% from last year. Normalized EBITDA was $970 million, an increase of 49% from the prior year. Due to purchase accounting for the Trammell Crow acquisition, $61.6 million or approximately $0.16 per diluted share of Development Services gains were excluded from the P&L. These gains should be considered in ongoing operating results and they are part of our normal operations and we did receive the cash associated with these gains. After completing the integration of Trammell Crow Company, we realized annualized net expense synergy savings of approximately $90 million, surpassing our original expectations of $65 million. And with, that let me now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Ken Kay to discuss the quarter and year in more detail. Ken?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Brett. Fourth quarter financial results are shown on slide number six. For comparative purposes, we have included results from the fourth quarter of 2006 on both an actual and adjusted basis. As a reminder, the adjusted 2006 figures incorporate the operating results of Trammell Crow Company, prior to its acquisition on December 20, 2006. We include these adjusted results, because we believe it provides a more meaningful way to view our company's performance. For the fourth quarter 2007, revenue is $1.8 billion up 9% from the year-ago quarter. Positive factors contributing to revenue growth in the fourth quarter were stronger transaction activities in markets outside of the Americas, higher global outsourcing revenues, plus significant growth in Development Services business. These increases were partially offset by the timing of carried interest revenue recognitions in the Global Investment Management business. As you will earlier in the year, the majority of this revenue for 2007 was already recognized by the fourth quarter, whereas in 2006 the fourth quarter carried interest revenue was more significant. Our Americas segment revenues came in essentially flat for the quarter, which is noteworthy given the turbulent state of the economy in credit markets. We will cover Q4 revenue performance in more detail a little later in the call. As a percent of revenue, total cost of services for the fourth quarter was relatively consistent at 52.6% versus 52.1% in the prior-year quarter. Operating expense totaled $639.4 million for the quarter, up 19% from the prior-year quarter, as a result of costs associated with the Trammell Crow Company acquisition, as well as increased payroll-related costs including bonuses, due to improved performance. These increases were partially offset by lower carried interest expense. Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries was $28.8 million, up 15% from the prior-year quarter, due to higher equity income in Development Services as well as higher dispositions within selective funds in our Global Investment Management segment. Minority interest expense for the quarter was $2.1 million, down 88% from the prior-year quarter, due to lower minority interest expense within our Development Services segment. Other income of $8.6 million in the prior year, was related to marking-to-market Trammell Crow Company's investment in Savills for the period December 20, 2006 through December 31, 2006. Gain on disposition of real estate increased by $18.3 million or 53%, primarily due to the exclusion of certain gains from Development Services activities in the current year, which cannot be recognized under purchase accounting rules. After adjusting for one-time items, EBDITA for the quarter was $285.8 million, down 9% from the prior-year quarter and resulting in an EBITDA margin of 15.5%. The primary drivers for the reduction in the EBITDA were the aforementioned increased in operating expenses in the current year, as well as the impact of the exclusion of gains from the Development Services business in the current year due to purchase accounting, coupled with lower Global Investment Management net carried interest profit to the timing of revenue recognition. Turning to slide number seven, you will see despite the fourth quarter that was impacted by the economy and Global Investment Management timing issues noted previously, full year 2007 performance was quite good. Highlights of the year include revenue growth of 20% and a normalized EBITDA increase of 28%. EBITDA growth would have been 36% had the development gains that were impacted by purchasing accounting been included. Please turn to slide number eight. This chart depicts the trend in our normalized EBITDA margin overtime and our normalized EBITDA margin target. For 2007 pro forma EBITDA margin includes the EBITDA from gains in the Development Services business that did not flow through the P&L in 2007, due to purchased accounting. As you can see, margin growth has continued as we expected when taking into account all elements of our ongoing operating activities. Despite marketing conditions remaining more challenging in the near term, we still believe a target of 20% is achievable for our business. Moving on, please turn to slide number nine. Excluding the mortgage brokerage warehouse facility and the Development Services' real estate loans with are non-recourse, our total debt was approximately $2 billion at year end 2007. During 2007, we repaid $286 million of outstanding term loans. The Development Services business finances its projects which third party financing sources. The majority of these real estate loans are recourse to the development projects but non-recourse to the company. As of December 31, 2007 the other debt category on our balance sheet included a non-recourse revolving credit line balance of $42.6 million, related to the Development Services business. The outstanding balance of the real estate loans was approximately $466 million, of which only $7 million was recourse to the company. During the fourth quarter we announced and completed $635 million share repurchase program. We used existing cash in our revolving credit facility for the repurchases. The total amount of shares repurchased was 28.8 million, at an average purchase price of $22.03 per share. Our share count as of 12/31/07 was 202 million shares outstanding versus approximately 227 million shares outstanding at the end of 2006. The amount outstanding on the revolver at the end of 2007 was $227.1 million. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at December 31, 2007 was two times, as compared to 1.48 times at December 31, 2006. Our trailing 12-month interest coverage ratio was 7.15 times. Our weighted average cost of debt was approximately 6.34% at December 31, 2007, down from 7% at December 31, 2006. Please turn to slide number ten. Here we've illustrated our normalized internal cash flow for the full year 2007. To calculate this metric, we started with normalized net income and then adjust for depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures. For 2007, we have also added the cash flow from the Development Services gains. They were excluded from the P&L due to purchased accounting. This is part of the ongoing operations of the development business which will be reflected in net income in future years. As a result of one-time items associated with the acquisition of Trammell Crow Company, we have also included the impact of the proceed from the sale of the equity stake in Savills as well as a reduction for the cash components of acquisition-related costs. On this basis, in fiscal year 2007, our internal cash flow was $732 million. CBRE's internal cash flow typically is highly correlated to net income, due to our limited capital expenditure and working capital needs on an annual basis. For 2007, net capital expenditures were $78 million, including approximately $20 million for acquisitions. For 2008, we anticipate net capital expenditures to approximate $80 million. Please turn to slide number 11. For the full year 2007, revenue increased 20% as compared to the combined performance of CBRE and Trammell Crow Company for 2006. Leasing increased 9% primarily due to stronger leasing activities in both EMEA and Asia Pacific, as well as slight growth in the Americas. Sales increased 22% as a result of the Americas growth in the mid single-digit range, combined with exceptionally strong growth abroad. For the fourth quarter, both leasing and sales were impacted by the slowdown of the economy in the Americas. Brett will be discussing these two revenue areas in more detail, a little later in the presentation. For property and facilities management, double digit growth was achieved for both the full year and fourth quarter. This momentum for outsourcing business is accelerating, as seen by the higher rate of increase in the fourth quarter. Outsourcing is benefiting from the integration of the two companies and includes the early benefits of the cross-selling initiatives underway. The appraisal and valuation business grew 34% for the year and 18% for the quarter. This was driven by higher frequency for appraisal and valuation of commercial real estate assets, due to increased ownership of assets and fund structures and the increased use of securitized loans for commercial real estate transactions. Global Investment Management revenue grew 51% for the year, based on growth in assets under management across all geographies. This growth was fuelled by investment management and incentive more than doubling as compared to 2006. Development Services grew 212% for the year and 376% for the fourth quarter, based on strong project execution and installed pipeline. The commercial mortgage brokerage business grew 3% for the year, yet dropped 21% in the fourth quarter, driven directly by the challenges faced in the credit markets. I will now cover our geographic performance on slide number 12. Historically, we've shown our revenue performance by geography to give you a sense of our global diversity. On this basis, revenue in the Americas has continued to decrease on a year-over-year basis, now comprising 61% of total revenues. However, if you look at our geographic rating based on EBITDA it shows significantly greater balance in our business. On this basis Americas represented 51% of total normalized EBITDA for 2007, EMEA 27%, Asia Pacific 9% and Global Investment Management 12%. Thus about the half of our consolidated EBITDA is generated outside of our Americas segment. Please turn to slide number 13. 2007 was a very strong growth year for CBRE. Despite the weakness in select businesses in the fourth quarter, we posted Americas revenue and EBDITA growth of 47% and 37% respectively EMEA revenue and EBITDA growth of 41% and 38% respectively, and Asia pacific revenue and EBITDA growth of 55% and 89% respectively. I will look at the quarter review, let's please turn to slide number 14. Revenue in the Americas increased to 33% to $1 billion. Normalized EBITDA in the Americas increased 31% to $141.9 million. U.S. market leasing activity remained positive for 2007. Office fundamentals remained healthy through the end of the year, with about 14 million square feet of net absorption in the fourth quarter. Our preliminary estimate is that office rents rose 10% year-over-year, marking the third consecutive year of strong rental growth. Going into 2008, we expect demand in office and industrial to slow somewhat, yet remain positive. With vacancy levels at historical norms, Tudor Weeden [ph] expects rents to continue to stay positive and grow approximately 2% in the office market and 3 to 4% for industrial properties. After a strong showing in the first part of the year, U.S. investment sales activity decreased in the fourth quarter, as we projected on our Q3 call. Despite the fourth quarter decline, full year investment volume for the market as a whole rose 24% to $346.4 billion, excluding re-privatizations. CBRE's investment volume grew by 26% according to real capital analytics enabling us to achieve the number-one market share at 17.5%. Despite the constrained CMBS markets and more stringent lending standards, debt and capital remain available and opportunity exists for investors that are not as dependent on leverage. The decline of tenure treasury yields to 3.6%, has cushioned some impact of significant wider interest rates spreads. Real estate yields in the 6 to 7% range compare favorably to treasury yields. This has increased real estate appeals to income-oriented investors and soften the decline in property valuations. Pension funds remain a growing source of capital and are expected to raise their target real estate allocations to $76 billion this year according to a recent survey by Kinsley Associates. In addition, foreign investors remain attracted by the long-term values of U.S. real estate enhanced by the dollar's weakness and high network investors are another anchor to equity capital. EMEA revenue was $437.6 million up 20% from 2006, and normalized EBITDA decreased 7% to $89.6 million. These results were driven by growth in leasing, declining vacancy rates and strong investment activity across Europe mainly during the first three quarters of 2007. During the fourth quarter, leasing, and investment activities began to show signs of softening, driven primarily by weakness in the UK. The decrease in EBITDA in the fourth quarter was primarily attributable to non-recurring payroll-related costs predominantly in the UK. The Q4, 2007 sales activity of €47.2 billion is about one-third lower than Q4, 2006. Despite the weaker fourth quarter, the high levels of activities for the first three quarters of 2007 resulted in another record year at €236 billion across EMEA as a whole. Most notable fourth quarter bright spots in EMEA were from robust investment sales activity in The Netherlands and Spain. Investment transactions engineered by CBRE during this quarter established new highs for pricing in seven different European countries;. Austria, Belgium, Germany Ireland, The Netherlands, Spain and the UK. For 2008, we are anticipating modestly weakening office leasing activity is EMEA and some easing in rental growth rates with the exception of Germany. Additionally, the uneven pattern of investment activities seen across Europe in the fourth quarter of 2007 is expected to continue in 2008. However, our general expectations for 2008 point to economic growth in Europe of less than 2%. Some economies, namely Ireland, Greece and perhaps Spain are forecast to see above-average growth. Asia-Pacific revenue was $198.4 million, up from the prior year. Normalized EBITDA in Asia Pacific increased 49% to $31.2 million. The strength in Asia Pacific was very balanced across the countries, due to strong economic expansion and positive real estate fundaments. Strong demand for office space and tight supply in prime locations including China, Singapore, Tokyo and India continues to drive up rents throughout the year. Foreign capital investment into the region continues with emphasis on retail, hospitality and industrial properties. In addition, domestic investors redeployed cash and bought commercial property as a hedging inflation [ph]. Australia continued to exhibit reasonably strong investment activity and stable yields across most property sectors. I will now turn the call back over to Brett to discuss more performance strengths in the business.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ken. Please turn to slide 15. On the next few slides, I want to provide you some additional detail on our sales and leasing businesses performed in each of our geographies. Given our significant share of global leasing and sales revenues, it's important to note that our own performance is typically a bit better than the performance of the market as a whole. In the Americas, sales increased by 7% for the full year 2007. But note that we decreased by 14% for the fourth quarter. This impact was more severe in the U.S. as you would expect, as expect it to remain weak for the better part of 2008. As for leasing, for the full year and fourth quarter 2007, leasing increased 3% and was flat respectively. The fundamentals for the leasing business remains sound as Ken mentioned and with rational levels of new construction coming online in 2008, our expectations are that rental rates will continue to grow, albeit at a slower rate than the 10% plus that we experienced in 2007. In addition, you should expect some variability from quarter-to-quarter in this business, as leasing decisions tend to be impacted by market fundamentals and expectations for the economy. However, we expect leasing volumes or activity to decline appreciably in the first two to three quarters of 2008. Please turn to slide 16. In EMEA, sales grew 44% for the year and slowed to 11% for the quarter. Illustrating the impact, we had discussed in our third quarter call which was led by early weakness primarily in the UK. Leasing saw a similar slowing in EMEA with a full year improvement of 32%, following the 7% for the fourth quarter as economic growth slowed. Please turn to slide 17. Trends in both sales and leasing in the Asia-Pacific segment remained strong throughout the year, which is demonstrated on a slide. Sales grew 115% for the year and continued strong in the fourth quarter growing over 100%. Leasing grew 13% for the year and 21% for the fourth quarter. The Asia-Pacific segment was not impacted by the economic slowdown outside of the region and we feel confident that the region's prospects for 2008 remain solid. Please turn to slide 18. Next I wanted to cover some U.S. statistics to provide some context for what we are seeing in the market. Vacancy rates for all property types have been modestly declining for the last three years. That the steady improvements slowed in 2007. As shown in the accompanying slide on the top left, vacancy rates for office and industrial properties showed low movement. For 2008, vacancy rates are expected to increase for office and industrial properties, usually anticipated slowdown in absorption at available space. While it has not been ticked up in data, we believe cap rates have already begun to expand across most property types. For 2008, cap rates are expected to increase depending upon quality of assets and locations. You can see on this chart, the range of expected increases for each property type. As you might imagine, these potential movements will vary as market conditions change. Please turn to slide 19. We continue to significantly expand our contractual work for major corporate clients by leveraging the strength of the legacy Trammell Crow Company outsourcing capabilities, with CB Richard Ellis' transaction management expertise. We won or expanded eight corporate outsourcing relationships during the fourth quarter alone, including AT&T Oracle, McGraw Hill, and International Automotive Components Group. For all of 2007 we added 26 new corporate outsourcing clients expanded our service for 18 existing clients and renewed contract for 17 clients. Of particular in note are the cross selling wins with Nielsen, BB&T and Oracle as noted on the slide. Now please turn to slide 20. As you know, we don't go through the long list of large wins during the quarter and year, but this panel does depict some of our more recent wins and it suffices to say when one examines the largest and the most complex transactions done in our industry, any given year our name is fairly ubiquitous in these transactions. Please turn to slide 21. Since 2005 to 2007, we completed 44 in-fill acquisitions for a combined purchase price of approximately $352 million. The associated annual revenue related to these acquisitions is estimated to be approximately $547 million. In 2007, we completed 14 in-fill acquisitions for approximately $119 million. We associated annual revenue related to these acquisitions is estimated to be approximately $244 million. We are continuing our aggressive approach to in-fill acquisitions in 2008. Now please turn the slide to 22. Revenue for our Development Services segment totaled $74.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 and $136.1 million for the year. Pro forma EBITDA for this group nearly doubled in 2007 to approximately $74 million. And now let me turn the call over to Vance Maddocks for a more detailed discussion about our Global Investment Management Business. Vance?
Vance G. Maddocks - President, CB Richard Ellis Investors: Thank you Brett and good morning. CB Richard Ellis Investors is a global real estate investment manager. One half of our $38 billion in assets under management and one half of our people are located outside of the United States. We provide investment management services, primarily to large institutional investors, many of which invest in more than one of our investment programs. Please turn to slide 24. Our investment programs include large, stable separate account contracts in the United States and the UK, sponsored funds including the firm's flagship Strategic Partners Fund Series and indirect investment programs for global investors, including Real Estate Securities Management and our fund to funds business. These direct-indirect investment programs are very scalable and are a key part of our strategy of global diversification. In fact, 70% of our equity capital under management is from non-US investors. Please turn to slide 25. We've had significant success growing our business through three key growth strategies. First, we continue to expand our flagship fund series, Strategic Partners, both geographically and by increasing fund size. This fund series is our highest margin and fastest growing business. We expanded the program to Asia and increased fund size significantly this year, raising $2.5 billion for these funds in 2007. Second we are expanding large global relationships. We have been successful in raising capital from multiple programs, from key global partners. In many cases moving capital across borders. We now have six global relationships of over $1 billion in size and 55 investors in multiple programs. And third, we've been aggressively growing our indirect investment programs including $4 billion raised for real estate securities and fund to funds investments in 2007. Please turn to slide 26. The result of these growth strategies is compounded annual growth and assets under management of 28% over the last five years. Notably, a significant portion of this growth is in assets located outside of the United States. Please turn to slide 27. Our compounded annual revenue growth over the five-year period shown has been 40%. As shown, U.S revenue has grown rapidly, but is declining on a relative basis as our European activities accelerate. The change in Asia reflects the liquidation of the program in 2004 and the expansion of our Strategic Partners Fund Series to Asia in 2007. Please turn to slide 28. Our investment management fees are showing substantial growth reflecting three factors. First, the growth in performance in our large separate account relationships. Second, growth in management fees from our Strategic Partners funds, which have increased in number and size. And, third growth in our indirect investment business all of, which generate annuity-type revenue streams. Please turn to slide 29. We achieved substantial increase in equity raised in 2007. Nearly a 40% increase from 2006. Our ability to raise capital is a direct result of investment performance. The performance of our investment programs has been excellent and reflects the strength of our people and our direct access to the worlds leading real estate platform. The CBRE platform is a substantial competitive advantage for our professionals, providing access to industry research, local market intelligence and direct access to transactions. As shown in the slide, the capital raised is strong indicator that our growth strategies are producing results. We are diversifying away from the U.S, expanding our funds business, and expanding to indirect vehicles, including Global Real Estate Securities Management and our Fund Of Funds business. Please turn to slide 30. Capital availability is the investment capital, we had to deploy into our investment programs. Total capital combines equity raise with the appropriate level of leverage for each initiative. As was the case in 2007, we continue to be very selective and very disciplined in how we invest in this turbulent market environment. We completed acquisitions of $12 billion globally in 2007 and we'd like our position of controlling significant capital, when liquidity in the market has clearly declined. Please turn to slide 31. The Global Investment Management business performed exceptionally well in 2007. Full year revenue totaled $347.9 million and a increase of 53% from the prior year, as a result of higher investment management in incentive fees due to a steady increase in assets under management. Fourth quarter revenue was $79 million, which was down compared to Q4, 2006, based on the timing of carried interest realized in Q4 of 2006, versus earlier recognition in 2007. EBITDA in 2007 was more than double that of 2006, reflecting the scalability of the profits from this business. Please turn to slide 32. In 2007 we recognized $88.7 million of carried interest revenue and recorded $62.7 million of carried interest incentive compensation expense. Of the $62.7 million, $19.8 million pertained to 2007, with the remaining $42.9 million related to future period revenues. Excluding the incentive compensation expense pertaining to the future periods, EBITDA for 2007, would have been a $17 million, a 52% increase over 2006. EBITDA margin for 2007 would have been 45%, which is consistent with 2006 on a similar basis. As of December 31, 2007, the company maintains a cumulative remaining accrual of such compensation expense of approximately $57 million which pertains to anticipated future carried interest revenue. I'll turn the call back over to Brett.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Vance, and good job. Please turn to slide 33. While the first half of 2007 was a perfect storm of global liquidity doing our capital markets business and good economic growth supporting our leasing businesses globally, in the fourth quarter this environment had changed demonstrably. The current environment is one of the severely constrained liquidity and weakening US and UK economies. Our expectation is that these trends will correct towards the positive in 2008, for the economy that correction is unknown. Please turn to slide 34. While the rate of growth has slowed appreciably over the past few months, the foundation for long-term growth consistent with our long-term model remains quite secure. CB Richard Ellis is uniquely positioned to prosper in this environment. While short-growth will be negatively impact, these impacts should not be severe due to our highly diversified revenue base. In addition, our strong balance sheet and cash flow will provide us with additional opportunities for growth, as we believe this current environment, like many before it, will significantly punish smaller, less diversified competitors, likely providing a right environment for further consolidation in the industry, an opportunity we are pursuing with vigor. History has shown us that CB Richard Ellis tends to capture market share more quickly than our competition during difficult times and is able through a highly variable cost structure, to retain profits more easily than most. While no one hopes for difficult times, we at CB Richard Ellis are very excited about 2008 and we believe it will provide us with a number of very interesting opportunities to capture market share, hire terrific new people and possibly acquire excellent firms around the world. Please turn to slide 35. So what does all this mean for CB Richard Ellis in 2008. Given the uncertainty in expectations for 2008 global GDP, timing for recovery of the US economy and improvement in the credit markets, it is simply unrealistic for us to provide explicit guidance for 2008. Whatever number we would give you is bound to be inaccurate, given the rapidly changing in unpredictable environment. On this call we have attempted to provide you with more detail on this fourth quarter 2007 performance on the capital and leasing businesses, capital markets leasing business those most effected by the economy, as well as some metrics to look towards the 2008 performance on those service lines. Additionally, it is our current belief that the economy and the state of the credit market will like worsen a bit before they improve. Improvement may come in the late summer or fourth quarter of 2008. Further we believe there are other business line, for instance outsourcing, investment management et cetera, are well positioned to performed well and consistent with our longer term growth models and the parts of Europe and Asia Pacific will only see modest impact. Given all these variables and the incredible resilience seen at our platform, it is not inconceivable that our earnings performance for 2008, could get to a general range of around $2.00 per share. It is important to know though there are many other potential scenarios that our possible in 2008, which could yield a very different result. This concludes our formal comments today. Operator let's begin the question and answer, please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First we will go to the line of Jeff Kessler from Lehman Brothers please go ahead
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Hi, Brett and hi Ken. One quick, I guess one quick piece of advice maybe slide 32, in which you go through the entire carried interest... normalized carried interest process. If you could include that in the press release or some format of that would help us enormously, instead of us trying to figure out what the add back or what the normalized would be. We know what you... we know what you hadn't got in the fourth quarter, but normalizing that EBITDA will make it a lot of help to us to try to get to a number that we could normalize and put into our earnings estimates. And so you wouldn't get these ups and downs of what does it mean before your conference call. Just one suggestion for me.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Jeff.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Quickly, just a couple of things, on Development Services, on the purchase accounting what was the add back that you'd have to get to normalize that assuming going forward we have, was that $16 million, I may have missed it?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: For the full year it was about $61.6 million, which makes about $0.16 a share.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks very much, $0.16 a share. Okay, can you give us the nature and the size of the payroll problems that you encountered in the UK?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean I wouldn't acquaint them with problems but it was probably in the range of about $10 million to $15 million. And what it pertains to was compensation associated with earn out on a transaction. Severance costs relating to redundancies that were not deal-related but went to the P&L and then some reserve true-ups for kind of one-time insurance and benefit costs. So, those three components basically added up to that $10 million to $15 million number.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Okay. I guess that the next question I have is, are you... can you give us... you gave some great detail on the transaction side, the leasing and sales side of your business by geographies. Can you get a little more granular with regard to property and facilities management, particularly as these are going to be playing a much more important role, as you do some more cross-selling in 2008. How about geography or whatever breakdown you want to give us. Are you looking at these markets for the coming year?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Jeff is your question related to the breakdown of revenues by market, or what growth looks like in these markets?
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: What the growth looks like and the breakdown.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Right. It's a really good question and Jeff, the first thing I would tell you is that for the most part, the entire industry of integrated corporate outsourcing is a U.S phenomenon and it's important to note that because, of course, if you want to play in that business, you better have a dominant footprint in space which we do. And if you look at the large integrated outsourcing contracts that have been let over the last ten years, I would guess that more than 90% of those have been led from U.S headquartered corporations. Now these corporations of course have operations globally and that's important to note as well. But the first point I would make is that when you talk about integrated corporate outsourcing, this is a US story to begin with. That's where you capture the account and then the execution delivery of that business is done off shore. I just wanted to stress that because I know that sometimes in the write-ups that we read, or writing of transaction expertise in this case is sometimes pointed to as weakness which we find a little silly in this business. If you intend to be a player in corporate outsourcing, you better be a hard weighted in States and be a real strong player. There now to having been said, the growth of that business and the growth of our property management business work that we do for institutional owners is strong globally and it's at the moment it's growing quite well here in the States it's growing quite well and Asia Pacific has been some time the same [indiscernible] for Europe and we don't see anything on the near term horizon that we would change there. And Jeff I think as you know the trend towards outsourcing if anything, accelerates a bit and a bit more difficult times as both the corporations and institutions look to become a bit more efficient in the way in which they manage and handle the real estate.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Okay my assumption is, is that the various tiers of outsourcing facilities management that you do or the EBITDA margins are all over the place from de novo facilities management at the bottom to high advisory fees at the top?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: You are exactly right Jeff, and for the other callers just a little color on that. If we think about and Jeffrey's spot on, when you think about a integrated corporate account, we are talking about AT&T and some others in this deck. What we are doing for them can run the gamut of everything from facilities management which might be 10% to 12% EBITDA margin, business to transaction management which could be in the high teens to consulting advisory which could be in the mid upper 20s. And when you put it all together because the fees typically are weighted fairly heavily towards the management ability for end transactions, end up with that middish teen type of EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Okay. One final question and I will get off, and that is there is a pretty well known piece of property that you seem to, if its going to be sold you seem to have the inside track on selling it on for a distress seller here in New York. And I am wondering what is the extent of distress selling that you are seeing in the United States, given there has been a lot of stuff that's parsed out to paying the over levered folks that could perhaps help you in the coming year on the transaction side?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, let me first... I do feel I need to respond to the characterization of sales and what we are just referring to is the GM building in New York. That is not a distressed sale it is... that building is Iconic Times 10 and we will, I am sure, trade it a price that all of us will be very, very impressed with. I think the point you are trying to make Jeff is there is certainly a dislocation in the marketplace right now in so will there be selling by owners to cover issues they have else where in their portfolio or other issues that might have and I would tell you that at the moment we really see very, very little advance. And I think Jeff the reason is and you know the statistics, if you look at the default rate on commercial mortgage at the moment, it's less than 1%. It's very less than 1%. There really isn't a lot of stress in the ownership market right now. Rents are good. They have been rising for a number of years. The mortgages that we were financing to most of these owners in the building is pretty good. I think the question is out that is, for those owner who put on relatively short-term financing which now needs to be replaced this year or next year, will the credit markets to be back to a more normalized state, which would allow them to replace the current debt in an amount close to what they have on the properties now. I think that's a bit unknown at the moment and if the answer to that question is no Jeff, if we did in the third or fourth quarter and the credit markets remain... is difficult to say are now you could see owners who have seven years, 75% loan to value financing on buildings unable to replace that financing in which case you might see some selling, but again at the moment we are really not seeing much of that at all.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you and congratulations on surprising us all on the Americas in Q4.
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jeff.
Jeff Kessler - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell for William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Hi. Thanks guys. A couple of quick ones. As we think about the growth of EMEA and Asia-Pac, can one of you give a little bit more visibility on organic growth and also currency especially in EMEA?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Well regarding EMEA and Asia-Pac, remember most if not all of it's really organic growth.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: The Trammell transaction really didn't have much impact in those regions and so you should really think of that as really almost entirely organic.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: And then from a currency standpoint probably for the year... are you talking about the year or the quarter?
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: The year?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: The year... from a revenue standpoint, it was probably about a $150 million or so and then from an EBITDA standpoint it was about $30 million.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay. Within the U.S. business, an expectation for let's say at some point an '08 turnaround, how do you put that in context with the potential willingness or the need to start to pair back cost within the fixed cost base of the geography? I guess I am looking for some color around the philosophy, the willingness, or what point do you feel necessary to pick up kind of a second look at what you have in the cost structure given what could be a pretty kind of tough first half of the year?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: It's a terrific question and something that I was hoping one of our colors would ask and here's why. Two things I would want our investors and analyst to understand about the firm. The first is that if you examine our financials going back, you can go all the way to 2001. What you find is that our focus on cost is intense at all times and in all cycles. Our margins have always been, I think, impressive and they don't get there by happenstance, they get there through effective cost management. If you look at our margins in Europe compared to our competitors, the difference is striking and the reason is that our discipline around cost is very significant. We have a fully built out global platform. We don't need to spend significance amounts of new capital building out our platform as that was done sometime ago. So, that's our philosophy on a general basis. Now, what is terrific about 2007 and here we are in 2008 is that every time we conduct a large event within the firm and that could be a go-public transaction, it could be experiencing a credit... or, I am sorry, a market downturn or a large acquisition, what we do is go back in and in essence rebuilt our cost structure from $1. And so, the way that 2007 played out which in retrospect, I think, makes a flick probably lot smarter than we actually are is that we were thinking in 2006 that there was going to be some correction in the markets coming. We knew that a better balancing of our revenues towards contract outsourcing businesses was a wise strategic decision and that was why we negotiated and completed the Trammell Crow acquisition. By the way if you look at our percentage contribution of revenues from outsourcing in the fourth quarter on a percentage basis, they were, I believe, almost double of what they were fourth quarter 2006. And what that acquisition allowed us to do in addition to rebalancing our revenues and providing some terrific, I think, downside protection to the firm, was we win and as we mentioned in the call we identified $90 million of net expense synergy savings and those $90 million did not come from just Trammell Crow in fact and Ken please jump in anytime if I got this wrong but I suspect when you added all up that quite a bit of those dollars came from CBRE cost structure or legacy cost structure and what all that means is that by February-March of 2007 we had just completed a severe cost restructuring and based on the acquisition because that's what we do and then the markets turned and so we found ourselves in August and September already right sized on the cost structure and again it is more coincidence than strategy but I'll take it either way. So as we sit here right now today and I am not going to give you the specific numbers but I want to tell you that we realized some significant additional cost savings in the fourth quarter run rate cost savings and first quarter's new Americas, that work is done and at the moment we don't see any area of the business that is going to require us to go back and do anything particularly severe now. The last thing that I could on that point of cost structuring is all of our managers are paid their bonus program on the idea of making profits and when markets soften as some of our markets have done the last six months, our managers are typical ahead of us here at corporate on getting the cost. And so lots of discretionary expense that is a bit of a luxury in an up market has been differed and put on hold as it should be. So we feel pretty comfortable about that.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay. I guess that the way to ask a question would someone implicit in that answer would be you feel like you got a decent handle on kind of how bad things could get in the U.S. because I don't... I guess they don't take from your comments that there are some kind of reinvigorated effort internally to really look at the cost structure again with the... with the expectation and things were getting a lot worst. So you feel like... sounds like you feel like... you already know things are going to get worst but we are already kind of squared away in the U.S. from a cost structure perspective and because we are variable we can kind of defend that margin; is that fair a characterization?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: I think it is and let me go back to some comments I made at closing where we actually put a number --
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Right.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: on EPS. Let me tell you how we got to that and that is not guidance, it is... basically we are looking at tele-trends extend in the business in the fourth quarter and that's why we gave you these specific number and we look at those trends and our assumption at the moment is that the credit markets and the... therefore the performance of the capital markets businesses certainly in the States and in Europe is going to worsen before it gets better. And at the moment, and again this is just putting a figure in the air and guessing, but at the moment our expectation is that those issues generally sort out by later quarter or early fourth quarter. But do they get a bit worse than they were in the fourth quarter. Additionally we believe that U.S. economy is either in recession or darn close to it. And I would remind the colors that for our business, for firms that do what we do, US GDP below about 2%... 2.25% is a stressed environment. So whether or not US GDP goes negative really doesn't matter to us. It's just a stressed environment right now. Our assumption is that the trends you saw in the US leasing business in the fourth quarter also are going to worsen before they get better but they as well will start getting better at third or fourth quarter. If you take those two assumptions and I'm not going to give you percentage declines, we'll just take those two assumptions and then balance that with the trends you saw in our other business lines in the fourth quarter and if all that played out that way, you would end up in an earnings number that's going to be within shooting distance of the number we threw out there. At best based on so many assumptions that will probably in retrospect prove to have been wrong but at the moment that's one way to think about it. And what we wanted to do for you was, hey, look, this is a very resilient business, it is very different than the business we managed in 2001 through 2003, for that matter 1990 through 1993. And the diversity of revenues, and the diversity of where our profits come from can take these kinds of hits and produce... we can start to be pretty terrific results. Now again, no clue what this year is going to look like but if you want to paint a picture and use those colors I just gave you'll get the results something like that.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: That's fair.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Ken, do you want to add anything to that.
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: No, I completely agree with you. I thought you did a great job in capitalizing at least what all of our thinking is.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: It is bonus season for Ken.
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Really.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: It's kind of an add-on to that maybe for Ken; implicit within the assumption around that number... around Ken's comments, there's some degree or range within development and invested management for kind of the unpredictable numbers, the carried interest, the development gains that are recognized. Wonder if you could go through some of the... based on the range that are high points, low points and how we should think about modeling those two lines or if there is a... if the market remains a lot worse or like it is right now for a lot longer, does that change you are thinking about the development business in particular or is it... it's more as an accounting treatment and not really what's going on in the economy with the drive that... because of development gains.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Ken do you want to take that?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I mean I think for the investment management business, no, we talked historically about having on an annual basis consistency in carrying interest revenue and I think our expectation for 2008 is that carry interest revenue would be comparable to if not a little bit better than what we kind of saw in the 2007 time frame.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay.
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: So I think your expectation should be that and as we've talked about also for that business that we keep showing relative to the APEX is that that business should be generating about a 40% to 45% EBITDA margin which we would expect going forward on a normalized basis.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Okay.
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: I think with regard to the development business and by the way all these things are kind of incorporated into the number that Brett talked about on that last slide. For the development business I think we are expecting based upon the strength of kind of the end processes work in the pipeline, another pretty strong year for that business as well with healthy component of gains. For 2008 we'll still have a portion albeit a lot smaller than the $61.6 million of gains that went to the balance sheet. We will still have a portion of that. We are probably expecting something a little bit less than maybe half of that number since it would be impacted by purchase accounting but we would expect to generally have pretty strong year for development with a strong number of projects that will come to fruition and we will be able to recognize gains on whether it goes to the P&L or the balance sheet.
Brandon Dobell - William, Blair & Company: Right. Very helpful, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Marks from JMP Securities, please go ahead
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Thank you. Hello Ken, hello Brett. To clarify the last answer or on investment management. So during 2008 we should expect a margin close to... an actual reported margin close to that 45% that was the pro forma margin for 07?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: No, my comment was we are focusing in on more than normalized. I mean excuse me it's a function of... the carried interest revenue that we recognize plus also the amount of incentive compensation expense that we will have to recognize associated with potential future years carried interest and that obviously is a developing item that we track during the course of the year. And so when looking at the margin for that business, you should anticipate that a normalized margin will be in that kind of 40 to 45% range. As far as the reported margin, it, of course, might be a little bit different than that.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. On the different question, Brett you had mentioned... you said leasing volumes in the Americas should decline and I missed the word in the first two quarters of the year. Was it --
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: By... I think they will decline appreciably.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And would that be somewhat offset by higher revenues per lease transaction because of higher rents.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so will. What tends to happen in environment like this is people pull back both on the number of transactions, the velocity of transaction but also when there is negative sentiment in the marketplace, decision makers are taking shorter-term leases and less space. So it's very attitudinal and we saw this... really it's interesting; well we saw this attitudinal impact on leasing business all of 2007 and as early as the early month of 2007 even though economic activity was good and people were very, very happy. It seemed, decision makers on space leasing were clearly beginning to take a bearish view. And so as we sit here right now, and I think right now you can look at this kind of a trough or close to it to a negative sentiment, people are really scaling back on their leasing and waiting for positive signals that there will be some economic growth and some reasons to get more bullish. So, no I don't think it will be offset by higher rents or longer term leases.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And on Americas sales, two of your competitors have come out with studies not relating to their O' numbers, but for their particular clients on how investment sales in the Americas are expected to grow or decline this year and one has been I think "approaching 25% and the other was more like implied 30% to 40% decline. Do you have... do you put out anything for your clients, or can you comment on that in the U.S.?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: No, we thought that we can give some views around what they think will happen in the investment property markets both in the U.S. and in similar jurisdictions as well. But at the moment, I think that that kind of forecasting is dangerous. It's just... look, in an environment where there is such a high range in view just around the more basic metrics such as U.S. GDP, and for this particular area you are speaking too well about such a variety of things about when the capital markets will return to some normalcy. Trying to predict what those declines might look like is really I think a bit premature. I do think situation will begin to clarify itself relatively soon. I am hopeful that by the spring we will be able to give you much better views and information around this topic but right now it's a very fluid situation.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And a couple of quick questions hopefully. The... your sales in EMEA, I believe, were up 11% during the quarter and one of your competitors had a negative figure of 12%. Do you see that figure going potentially negative, I am not sure if you commented on that on the call?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Well what we believe is that the... certainly the business in Europe and the business in the States both are going to be... the capital markets business will be negatively impacted in 2008, where that goes... look, I really don't... I am not comfortable trying to put numbers around this because it's just... we didn't and I am not comfortable doing that. Now it's just so premature at the moment, I think it's dangerous. I know what you guys want and I appreciate that which is some forecast but I think at this point the biggest paper we can do to you... for you is simply be honest and say, it's a fluid situation, certainly the European markets... I'll say this well, the European markets are a bit better diversified than the States. You have got a number of different economies that play over there with very different rates of growth. As we mention Germany will probably have a pretty darn grade this year this year and we think the UK investment properties sale market is certainly going to feel some pain. But where all that plays out, we just don't know.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And on the $80 million of CapEx, does that include any acquisitions at all in '08?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Ken?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: A modest amount... I would say, the vast majority of that would be run rate.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Okay. And finally share repurchase, you don't have a program right now, would you consider for the repurchases?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: We always... we all are standing answering this and we are going to be where we consider everything all the time and at a moment we do not have a program in place but that could change and wait and see.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Great. Thanks Brett, thanks Ken.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. That will be from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning. Just a question that you mentioned picking up share and I am just wondering what sort of opportunities you are seeing at this point in a cycle and obviously you have some free cash flow to work with and just what you are seeing out there?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well Jay we pick up share a couple of different ways in markets like this. The first and probably the most significant is when markets become a bit stressed, there is a clear flight quality both among customers who move from smaller, less well-capitalized vendors or less diverse vendors to big names like ourselves or Jones Lang. And we have seen that in every down cycle and we are seeing it now and I expect we will continue to see it in 2008. We also see that phenomenon among key fee earners in the business around the world. So if I just play a scenario for you, imagine you are working for a firm that has one business line and perhaps it's just capital market, that firm is going to feel a different kind of stress or is right now in a different kind of stress than we are. And you find that many times fears in those firms... that's close downhill, and we are a place they can come to where we don't need to make as I mentioned earlier any material cost reductions to their business because the way I addressed our business model works there we are able to fund investments and do what we do. So you see it's like the quality both among folks who generate revenue for firms like ours and customers. We will also be able to get a share and are doing so very aggressively right now through infill acquisitions and I think that again this is not new, this happens, you can almost predict this from a playbook when the markets become unstable a bit as they have been you find that there are lots of relatively small firms who may have been thinking that their valuation had lots more to grow that they didn't need to sell in 2007 because sky is the limit on performance. Now they're looking at 2008, they are doing their own models and again a small non-diversified business, if we are going to feel this market a lot worse than we are, those folks... many, many of those folks take an opportunity like the time right now to test the water on a sale and we are very aggressive in that market at the moment and finding lots of opportunity.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Any particular geographies that you are looking at?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: We... as you know, Jay, we look at all three of our global geographies as an opportunity for acquisitions. We have a strategic priority in certain business lines and in certain geographies and in the business lines, if all things were equal, we would prefer to buy at the moment businesses that focus on outsourcing or more contract revenues and if all things were equal, we would probably prefer to buy businesses that are in Europe or Asia to continue our long-term strategy to diversify our revenue base geographically. But as I mentioned before on these calls, our approach to acquisitions have to be both strategic and opportunistic and in our business which is a... is a bit of unique business. Mainly small companies are owned by their founders or they are owned by a group of partners and they only go to market once and when they go we want to be there first and you may get one bite at that apple and if you can bite, that's great. And again for us going back to my comments I made on the script deck is you know we look at a market like the one we are in right now with lots of enthusiasm because we know it would bring some good firms to market and we know that a lot of firms that do... we do aren't going to have a capital to pursue acquisitions we do and we will.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just one final question and it's... just sort of tied to the cycle, on slide 18, you did give some forecast for rising Cap rates and obviously increases in vacancy rates in the coming year?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I am just wondering how you see this cycle playing out. Obviously this would be the first time I think that you'd see property prices possibly declining versus sort of 2001, 2002, 2003 where the fed rate activity really sort of drove commercial real estate pricing and I am just wondering obviously with prices you're forecasting potentially falling this time, should that in effect push out the recovery beyond what you might be forecasting?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: It's a really good question, and it's... I even hazard to call, we are doing forecasting. I think it's... I would be more comfortable with modeling or educated guessing and what we are doing playing of variety of scenarios out so as we thought about 2008, we built lots of different models with different basic underlying assumption around economic activity, so global and U.S. GDP but also recovery in the capital markets on a timed basis and of course, Jay, it's not only the timing issue of when we get recovery but what that recovery looks like. Is it... in other words, I think what's going to happen to capital markets is that we are going to reset at a level of activity and a level of evaluation at some level, and what that reset level is January 2007 or January 2006 or March of 2005, we don't know. Now we've played out those models and we have looked at those scenarios. I do think we are going to see valuation declines in some property types and in some markets. I don't think for generally good property you are going to see a lot of decline, and on the recovery side at least history had shown us, and Jay even you made the right point which is the cycle may be different than 2001 through 2003 and 1992 through 1993. But out thought at the moment is that we are going to feel some pain, the industry is going to feel some pain the next 6 to 8 months, but that it's not unlikely that we would see a resetting and a return to normalized growth rates some time late this year. And again as I mentioned to Will, it's just... unfortunately it's just too early to tell, at the moment it's just far too fluid a situation to really try and getting more precise than that.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And just one follow-on thought. In terms of un-invested management. Are you seeing much in the way sort of tenants are taking longer to sign lease contracts today. But are you seeing your partners on the investment management side simply holding off, looking for better IRR turn of returns overtime?
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ken is the answer still with you?
Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: I think the decision to make investments into funds in the U.S. have slowed down a little bit second half of last year, but there is a lot of different types of capital out there and there is a view now that there's an opportunity in the U.S. as we go through recovery and the higher returning capital, I think, is accelerating right now. There's certainly a lot of capital out there on the sidelines. And generally people are taking a little bit longer to make decisions.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks for all the detail this quarter.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And with that gentlemen, you can please go ahead with any closing statements.
Brett White - Chief Executive Officer: Nick, do you have anything to --
Nick Kormeluk - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: I hope... I think that's all. Thank you very much for joining and if you have any follow-ups you know where to reach Ken and myself for follow-ups to the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.
